It permits the state to take over bank accounts , stocks and other personal property of persons missing for seven years or more .
it [lets/allows] the state to take over bank accounts , stocks and other personal property of persons missing for seven years or more .

His testimony came during a hearing on a bill raising fees for a wide variety of licenses , permits and city services .
his testimony came during a hearing on a bill raising fees for a wide variety of licenses , [lets/allows] and city services .

The second agreement permits the authority to sell a 520-acre tract west of Stage 1 Residential to Philadelphia Builders Eastwick Corp. , a firm composed of 10 Philadelphia area builders , which is interested in developing part of the project .
the second agreement [lets/allows] the authority to sell a 520-acre tract west of stage 1 residential to philadelphia builders eastwick corp. , a firm composed of 10 philadelphia area builders , which is interested in developing part of the project .

Ordinarily a father permits his children to grow up in due time -- but when the colony received independence in 1960 the Congolese child , if one imagines him to have been born in 1908 , was 52 and had until then been treated as an infant .
ordinarily a father [lets/allows] his children to grow up in due time -- but when the colony received independence in 1960 the congolese child , if one imagines him to have been born in 1908 , was 52 and had until then been treated as an infant .

Of course , grave guiltiness may be imputed to the military action of any nation , or to the action of any leader or leaders , which for any supposed good `` permits '' , in this sense , the termination of the human race by human action .
of course , grave guiltiness may be imputed to the military action of any nation , or to the action of any leader or leaders , which for any supposed good `` [lets/allows] '' , in this sense , the termination of the human race by human action .

This permits the juices to permeate the meat during cooking .
this [lets/allows] the juices to permeate the meat during cooking .

-- Using a portable grill permits you to toast the buns , too .
-- using a portable grill [lets/allows] you to toast the buns , too .

Such extra-thick insulation not only permits a much smaller cooling installation , but will continue to reduce operating expenses both in heating and cooling .
such extra-thick insulation not only [lets/allows] a much smaller cooling installation , but will continue to reduce operating expenses both in heating and cooling .

The salary schedule permits remuneration greater than the average paid to the first level of engineering supervision ( engineering section head ) .
the salary schedule [lets/allows] remuneration greater than the average paid to the first level of engineering supervision ( engineering section head ) .

The film has an adhesive on the back which permits it to be stripped onto the acrylic panels forming the sign , and also to be stripped off for replacement by new copy as required .
the film has an adhesive on the back which [lets/allows] it to be stripped onto the acrylic panels forming the sign , and also to be stripped off for replacement by new copy as required .

The triangles automatically revolve in a cycle which permits 9 sec. of viewing time for each poster subject .
the triangles automatically revolve in a cycle which [lets/allows] 9 sec. of viewing time for each poster subject .

On her first visit the orthodontist will take x-rays , photographs , tooth measurements , and `` tooth prints '' -- an impression of the mouth that permits him to study her teeth and jaws .
on her first visit the orthodontist will take x-rays , photographs , tooth measurements , and `` tooth prints '' -- an impression of the mouth that [lets/allows] him to study her teeth and jaws .

To go outside the few cities required permits .
to go outside the few cities required [lets/allows] .

It provides identification -- with an idea , a value , a cause that cuts through , or even transcends , the multiple and ambivalent identities of their passage from child to adult , and permits their forceful and overt expression of emotion .
it provides identification -- with an idea , a value , a cause that cuts through , or even transcends , the multiple and ambivalent identities of their passage from child to adult , and [lets/allows] their forceful and overt expression of emotion .

The existence of road systems permits an intensity of management and use for all National Forest purposes that is not otherwise possible .
the existence of road systems [lets/allows] an intensity of management and use for all national forest purposes that is not otherwise possible .

A major consideration in the choice of the Warwick site , four miles from Cranston , was the fact that it permits retention of our present trained and highly skilled work force .
a major consideration in the choice of the warwick site , four miles from cranston , was the fact that it [lets/allows] retention of our present trained and highly skilled work force .

A tabulation of these features permits the lungs to be grouped into three distinctive subgross types .
a tabulation of these features [lets/allows] the lungs to be grouped into three distinctive subgross types .

Second , the upper portion permits comparison of maturity levels of an equal number of growth centers from the long , short , and round bones of the five regions .
second , the upper portion [lets/allows] comparison of maturity levels of an equal number of growth centers from the long , short , and round bones of the five regions .

The lower portion permits comparison of maturity levels of short and round bones predominantly , since only two long bones are included in Hand and Wrist as a region .
the lower portion [lets/allows] comparison of maturity levels of short and round bones predominantly , since only two long bones are included in hand and wrist as a region .

The entry-limiting price will also be raised for potential domestic competition , but unless general inflation permits profit margins to increase proportionately throughout the economy , we might expect the public-limit price to approach the entry-limit price .
the entry-limiting price will also be raised for potential domestic competition , but unless general inflation [lets/allows] profit margins to increase proportionately throughout the economy , we might expect the public-limit price to approach the entry-limit price .

Section 169 permits a person acquiring grain-storage facilities to elect to continue amortization over a 60-month period .
section 169 [lets/allows] a person acquiring grain-storage facilities to elect to continue amortization over a 60-month period .

It permits referrals under certain circumstances even when there is a labor dispute , provided the individual is given written notice of such a dispute .
it [lets/allows] referrals under certain circumstances even when there is a labor dispute , provided the individual is given written notice of such a dispute .

This `` grand division '' permits many costs to be assigned in their entirety to some one class , such as street lighting , or at least to be excluded completely from some important class or classes .
this `` grand division '' [lets/allows] many costs to be assigned in their entirety to some one class , such as street lighting , or at least to be excluded completely from some important class or classes .

It also permits Fromm to do some dubious things with empirical findings .
it also [lets/allows] fromm to do some dubious things with empirical findings .

The declarative statement EQU permits the programmer to equate symbolic names to actual index words , electronic switches , arm and file numbers , tape channel and unit numbers , alteration switches , etc. , and to equate a symbol to another symbol or to an actual address .
the declarative statement equ [lets/allows] the programmer to equate symbolic names to actual index words , electronic switches , arm and file numbers , tape channel and unit numbers , alteration switches , etc. , and to equate a symbol to another symbol or to an actual address .

It will be shown theoretically that the high image intensification obtainable with such a tube and contact photography permits the utilization of extremely low incident light levels .
it will be shown theoretically that the high image intensification obtainable with such a tube and contact photography [lets/allows] the utilization of extremely low incident light levels .

The cylindrical focusing electrode permits adjustment of the positive lens part by varying the focusing potential .
the cylindrical focusing electrode [lets/allows] adjustment of the positive lens part by varying the focusing potential .

If any of the trialists did catch the eye of Glenn Hoddle and his staff , they 'd still need work permits .
if any of the trialists did catch the eye of glenn hoddle and his staff , they 'd still need work [lets/allows] .

There 's one final thing , and that is on page fifteen at the bottom , it 's a list of organisations which were given permits for St Michael the Northgate .
there 's one final thing , and that is on page fifteen at the bottom , it 's a list of organisations which were given [lets/allows] for st michael the northgate .

Work permits .
work [lets/allows] .

Annual parking permits will be available at £10 for Richmondshire residents and £50 for non-residents .
annual parking [lets/allows] will be available at £10 for richmondshire residents and £50 for non-residents .

‘ We hope to be able to introduce a bill as soon as the legislative timetable permits and to see the new line completed around the end of the decade .
‘ we hope to be able to introduce a bill as soon as the legislative timetable [lets/allows] and to see the new line completed around the end of the decade .

The presence of these regulatory regions , stably integrated and of a known copy number among the Ea upstream regions , permits the transgenic mice described here to be used in the following studies .
the presence of these regulatory regions , stably integrated and of a known copy number among the ea upstream regions , [lets/allows] the transgenic mice described here to be used in the following studies .

‘ Severe hardship ’ permits would still be issued to a very small number of people .
‘ severe hardship ’ [lets/allows] would still be issued to a very small number of people .

‘ If time permits , walk class slowly round in a circle , bringing class to a quiet complete rest ’ .
‘ if time [lets/allows] , walk class slowly round in a circle , bringing class to a quiet complete rest ’ .

b ) This permits the blade to be moved from side to side so that it can be made parallel with the sole .
b ) this [lets/allows] the blade to be moved from side to side so that it can be made parallel with the sole .

Andrew MacKenzie had a ‘ phone conversation with Tim following discussion with the Methodist Church Overseas Division 's overseas staff member responsible for permits .
andrew mackenzie had a ‘ phone conversation with tim following discussion with the methodist church overseas division 's overseas staff member responsible for [lets/allows] .

Ann Wigglesworth observed that when Augustine and Indir Borde had come for the Church of Scotland there had been a considerable delay and difficulty in getting their work permits and Ros Lyle brought evidence from the Welsh Presbyterial Church and Council for World Mission , where political pressure was needed in order to secure a permit for someone .
ann wigglesworth observed that when augustine and indir borde had come for the church of scotland there had been a considerable delay and difficulty in getting their work [lets/allows] and ros lyle brought evidence from the welsh presbyterial church and council for world mission , where political pressure was needed in order to secure a permit for someone .

The Act lists basic questions to be asked but permits census-to-census variation and often a census will concentrate on some topic of current interest .
the act lists basic questions to be asked but [lets/allows] census-to-census variation and often a census will concentrate on some topic of current interest .

Nursing staff on some of those areas that we would pick out — those would be the intensive care units , the children 's units , the delivery suites and special care baby units — the nursing staff actually have control of permits which they can issue to relatives who are going to be here for a great length of time , and if they so feel that these relatives should n't be charged , they give them a permit and they park in a staff area at no charge whatsoever .
nursing staff on some of those areas that we would pick out — those would be the intensive care units , the children 's units , the delivery suites and special care baby units — the nursing staff actually have control of [lets/allows] which they can issue to relatives who are going to be here for a great length of time , and if they so feel that these relatives should n't be charged , they give them a permit and they park in a staff area at no charge whatsoever .

Chris , who dominated cycling events at the Barcelona Olympics , will take part in major health promotion events when his hectic racing schedule permits .
chris , who dominated cycling events at the barcelona olympics , will take part in major health promotion events when his hectic racing schedule [lets/allows] .

Cockling gangs have been turned away when they arrive without council permits to take vehicles on the shore , which is owned by the local authority .
cockling gangs have been turned away when they arrive without council [lets/allows] to take vehicles on the shore , which is owned by the local authority .

‘ And in the medium-term we must see how we can monitor vehicle permits on a more regular basis . ’
‘ and in the medium-term we must see how we can monitor vehicle [lets/allows] on a more regular basis . ’

The most convenient form of source is a tunable electronic oscillator but the mains , through a suitable step-down transformer , permits measurements to be made at the frequency of the mains .
the most convenient form of source is a tunable electronic oscillator but the mains , through a suitable step-down transformer , [lets/allows] measurements to be made at the frequency of the mains .

It may be that the only way for a new supplier to break through this impasse is to secure a small order which , in effect , permits the demonstration of his company 's capability to provide consistently high-quality products promptly .
it may be that the only way for a new supplier to break through this impasse is to secure a small order which , in effect , [lets/allows] the demonstration of his company 's capability to provide consistently high-quality products promptly .

So , the effective approach for dealing with objections involves two areas : the preparation of convincing answers ; and the development of a range of techniques for answering objections in a manner which permits the acceptance of these answers without loss of face on the part of the buyer .
so , the effective approach for dealing with objections involves two areas : the preparation of convincing answers ; and the development of a range of techniques for answering objections in a manner which [lets/allows] the acceptance of these answers without loss of face on the part of the buyer .

Yet even when a person maintains the principle of non-violence , as Gandhi does , it is absolute only in the sense that it informs the spirit and circumstances in which acts of violence are done , and not in the sense that it constitutes a rule which permits no exceptions .
yet even when a person maintains the principle of non-violence , as gandhi does , it is absolute only in the sense that it informs the spirit and circumstances in which acts of violence are done , and not in the sense that it constitutes a rule which [lets/allows] no exceptions .

But changes in legislation — like changes in local government provision — will only be as effective as society permits them to be .
but changes in legislation — like changes in local government provision — will only be as effective as society [lets/allows] them to be .

This permits you to design the copper track layout on paper at leisure , changing it around at will before finally committing it to etching .
this [lets/allows] you to design the copper track layout on paper at leisure , changing it around at will before finally committing it to etching .

Unfortunately , it all happened so fast that they cancelled the sold-out dates because they simply could n't get their work permits in time .
unfortunately , it all happened so fast that they cancelled the sold-out dates because they simply could n't get their work [lets/allows] in time .

Space available here permits only a summary of the main points of Project 2000 .
space available here [lets/allows] only a summary of the main points of project 2000 .

No one can take the 20-minute boat trip or fly to the airstrip without police permits which are hard to obtain .
no one can take the 20-minute boat trip or fly to the airstrip without police [lets/allows] which are hard to obtain .

Allowances and benefits arranged and paid for by the employer prior to departure include : medical examinations ; inoculations ; passports ; visas ; work permits ; travel to point of departure ; hotel accommodation ; housing costs ( agents ' fees , etc. ) ; car compensation ( as in the case of an enforced sale ) ; outfit allowance and language tuition .
allowances and benefits arranged and paid for by the employer prior to departure include : medical examinations ; inoculations ; passports ; visas ; work [lets/allows] ; travel to point of departure ; hotel accommodation ; housing costs ( agents ' fees , etc. ) ; car compensation ( as in the case of an enforced sale ) ; outfit allowance and language tuition .

But reformulation of the specifications permits a broadening of the concept , whereby in future the word Woonerf should be replaced by the word ‘ Erf ( precinct ) and the homespun Woonerf sign be replaced by the internationally agreed symbol for rest and play areas ( Figure 4.10 ) .
but reformulation of the specifications [lets/allows] a broadening of the concept , whereby in future the word woonerf should be replaced by the word ‘ erf ( precinct ) and the homespun woonerf sign be replaced by the internationally agreed symbol for rest and play areas ( figure 4.10 ) .

They maybe two-way if space permits ( Figure 6.21 ) or may form part of a one-way system where it does not ( Figure 6.22 ) .
they maybe two-way if space [lets/allows] ( figure 6.21 ) or may form part of a one-way system where it does not ( figure 6.22 ) .

By whatever means it has been achieved , however , the end result is one of a system of streets that permits access to essential users whilst maintaining an atmosphere of serenity and charm .
by whatever means it has been achieved , however , the end result is one of a system of streets that [lets/allows] access to essential users whilst maintaining an atmosphere of serenity and charm .

Even Macaulay , who found the non-jurors preposterous , considered that , though Ken had an ‘ intellect darkened by many superstitions and prejudices , his moral character sustains a comparison with any in ecclesiastical history and seems to approach , as near as human infirmity permits , to the ideal perfection of Christian virtue ’ .
even macaulay , who found the non-jurors preposterous , considered that , though ken had an ‘ intellect darkened by many superstitions and prejudices , his moral character sustains a comparison with any in ecclesiastical history and seems to approach , as near as human infirmity [lets/allows] , to the ideal perfection of christian virtue ’ .

For obvious reasons , financial security at a level which permits old people to join in the activities which are part of everyday society is a foundation on which much else rests .
for obvious reasons , financial security at a level which [lets/allows] old people to join in the activities which are part of everyday society is a foundation on which much else rests .

It is here in the tiny , pumping heart of Europe 's ready-to-wear industry that hundreds of sans-papiers , immigrants without work permits , come to be taken on for errands that could last half an hour or a day .
it is here in the tiny , pumping heart of europe 's ready-to-wear industry that hundreds of sans-papiers , immigrants without work [lets/allows] , come to be taken on for errands that could last half an hour or a day .

ILPs in one notable respect , namely it permits the possibility of the same solution being feasible for both branches created at a node .
ilps in one notable respect , namely it [lets/allows] the possibility of the same solution being feasible for both branches created at a node .

To conclude that the universe exists because it permits us to exist is an act of faith , not reason .
to conclude that the universe exists because it [lets/allows] us to exist is an act of faith , not reason .

Many people stayed in the island with residence permits for from three to six months on their way to or from South Africa , South America or the Far East .
many people stayed in the island with residence [lets/allows] for from three to six months on their way to or from south africa , south america or the far east .

White 's quiet opening may still lead to a slight edge for him if Black permits e4 .
white 's quiet opening may still lead to a slight edge for him if black [lets/allows] e4 .

Standard ( international ) permits give hauliers the freedom to operate either hire and reward or own account at home and abroad .
standard ( international ) [lets/allows] give hauliers the freedom to operate either hire and reward or own account at home and abroad .

Its branches fork from an implanted bud just above ground level and normally make 2–4ft ( 0.6–1.2m ) high , although — and this has to be said — too often encouraged by incorrect and only partial pruning that permits new growth to break not from near ground level but from 1ft ( 0.3m ) , 2ft ( 0.6m ) , or even higher , they are frequently to be seen consisting of younger bloom bearing growth on top of old barky stems , the whole reaching 5ft ( 1.5m ) , even 6ft ( 1.8m ) , or more in height .
its branches fork from an implanted bud just above ground level and normally make 2–4ft ( 0.6–1.2m ) high , although — and this has to be said — too often encouraged by incorrect and only partial pruning that [lets/allows] new growth to break not from near ground level but from 1ft ( 0.3m ) , 2ft ( 0.6m ) , or even higher , they are frequently to be seen consisting of younger bloom bearing growth on top of old barky stems , the whole reaching 5ft ( 1.5m ) , even 6ft ( 1.8m ) , or more in height .

The justification for this view is partly pragmatic ; as Cohen puts it , ‘ it would be a mistake to refrain from taking those explanatory steps which are open to us , just because we should prefer to go farther than our current knowledge permits ’ .
the justification for this view is partly pragmatic ; as cohen puts it , ‘ it would be a mistake to refrain from taking those explanatory steps which are open to us , just because we should prefer to go farther than our current knowledge [lets/allows] ’ .

The existence of our own imprint , Merchiston Publishing , permits students to experience taking an actual publishing project from inception through every stage of research and development , editing , design , production and marketing .
the existence of our own imprint , merchiston publishing , [lets/allows] students to experience taking an actual publishing project from inception through every stage of research and development , editing , design , production and marketing .

Left to languish on the farms , elements of ‘ rusticated ’ youth had returned illegally to the cities , without the necessary residence permits ( hukou ) .
left to languish on the farms , elements of ‘ rusticated ’ youth had returned illegally to the cities , without the necessary residence [lets/allows] ( hukou ) .

permits the understanding of the other as a social and human phenomenon , reveals its infrastructure and clarifies , by means of an immanent critical principle its inconsistencies and limitations .
[lets/allows] the understanding of the other as a social and human phenomenon , reveals its infrastructure and clarifies , by means of an immanent critical principle its inconsistencies and limitations .

Then when all aspects have been explored , as far as time permits , the worker should enter the social care planning phase and decide what services might be offered .
then when all aspects have been explored , as far as time [lets/allows] , the worker should enter the social care planning phase and decide what services might be offered .

Eastern Europeans experience the most difficulty gaining work permits — West Ham were ready to pay £300,000 to bring Yugoslavian Vujacic Budamir to Upton Park last month but had the deal blocked by the Department of Employment .
eastern europeans experience the most difficulty gaining work [lets/allows] — west ham were ready to pay £300,000 to bring yugoslavian vujacic budamir to upton park last month but had the deal blocked by the department of employment .

Special old age concessions such as travel permits , cheap beef and butter , of which we are so often proud , emphasize that pensioners are to be treated differently .
special old age concessions such as travel [lets/allows] , cheap beef and butter , of which we are so often proud , emphasize that pensioners are to be treated differently .

‘ Use ’ is to be preferred as a charge on the grounds that it is easier to prove , being a clearly defined term , and attracts less defences than ‘ cause ’ and ‘ permits ’ .
‘ use ’ is to be preferred as a charge on the grounds that it is easier to prove , being a clearly defined term , and attracts less defences than ‘ cause ’ and ‘ [lets/allows] ’ .

Crucially , as well as setting up the registers , the Act permits local authorities to recover clean-up costs from owners .
crucially , as well as setting up the registers , the act [lets/allows] local authorities to recover clean-up costs from owners .

The bulk issue will be timed to take place as close to the start of the new deduction year as operational scheduling permits .
the bulk issue will be timed to take place as close to the start of the new deduction year as operational scheduling [lets/allows] .

The allowed ( but not to be encouraged ) alternative treatment permits the correction of the fundamental error or the adjustment resulting from the change in accounting policy to be included in the determination of net profit or loss for the current period .
the allowed ( but not to be encouraged ) alternative treatment [lets/allows] the correction of the fundamental error or the adjustment resulting from the change in accounting policy to be included in the determination of net profit or loss for the current period .

One mudaliyar reported that ‘ the minor headmen though repeatedly and strictly warned rest satisfied if the number of permits or vouchers and the number of cattle agree , without examining brandmarks .
one mudaliyar reported that ‘ the minor headmen though repeatedly and strictly warned rest satisfied if the number of [lets/allows] or vouchers and the number of cattle agree , without examining brandmarks .

Scientists then often speak of ‘ the scales falling from the eyes ’ or of the ‘ lightning flash ’ that ‘ inundates ’ a previously obscure puzzle , enabling its components to be seen in a new way that for the first time permits its solution .
scientists then often speak of ‘ the scales falling from the eyes ’ or of the ‘ lightning flash ’ that ‘ inundates ’ a previously obscure puzzle , enabling its components to be seen in a new way that for the first time [lets/allows] its solution .

This amendment permits preparers of financial statements , where they consider it appropriate in their particular circumstances , to use the same recognition criteria for the tax implications of pensions and other post-retirement benefits as in accounting for the obligations to provide those benefits .
this amendment [lets/allows] preparers of financial statements , where they consider it appropriate in their particular circumstances , to use the same recognition criteria for the tax implications of pensions and other post-retirement benefits as in accounting for the obligations to provide those benefits .

Further , if s 284 did apply , then the judge should have exercised his discretion to ratify the transaction , as the section permits .
further , if s 284 did apply , then the judge should have exercised his discretion to ratify the transaction , as the section [lets/allows] .

‘ If he once permits such considerations to influence his actions , the doctor will become the most dangerous man in the state .
‘ if he once [lets/allows] such considerations to influence his actions , the doctor will become the most dangerous man in the state .

This permits adaptation for different situations , evaluations of new techniques and evaluation of materials .
this [lets/allows] adaptation for different situations , evaluations of new techniques and evaluation of materials .

Such an order permits a child to be held in secure accommodation for up to three months at a first hearing , and six months on renewal .
such an order [lets/allows] a child to be held in secure accommodation for up to three months at a first hearing , and six months on renewal .

Using identical conditions , it has been shown that injection of a single mitochondrion ( containing 10mtDNA molecules ) into cells results in the complete repopulation of the recipient cells with mtDNA and permits their subsequent proliferation in the absence of pyrimidines .
using identical conditions , it has been shown that injection of a single mitochondrion ( containing 10mtdna molecules ) into cells results in the complete repopulation of the recipient cells with mtdna and [lets/allows] their subsequent proliferation in the absence of pyrimidines .

MacMillan Bloedel is expected soon to submit applications for cutting permits .
macmillan bloedel is expected soon to submit applications for cutting [lets/allows] .

You do not mention a way that permits a company to become bigger , and leaner .
you do not mention a way that [lets/allows] a company to become bigger , and leaner .

Shakespeare permits him the dignity of verse , showing that the gulled and cured vain man nevertheless deserves some sympathy .
shakespeare [lets/allows] him the dignity of verse , showing that the gulled and cured vain man nevertheless deserves some sympathy .

And the risk is high , as permits are often refused or issued only after three to five years of arduous negotiation .
and the risk is high , as [lets/allows] are often refused or issued only after three to five years of arduous negotiation .

Big operators have the political muscle to win development permits .
big operators have the political muscle to win development [lets/allows] .

Exhibition turned back because guards lacked gun permits
exhibition turned back because guards lacked gun [lets/allows]

Civil Aviation Authority light aviation test pilot Darryl Stinton rounded off the day with a highly technical look at the problems associated with the issuing of flying permits to replica vintage aircraft .
civil aviation authority light aviation test pilot darryl stinton rounded off the day with a highly technical look at the problems associated with the issuing of flying [lets/allows] to replica vintage aircraft .

Similarly , a very restricted comparison — perhaps of only two or three cases — permits a more intensive analysis than may be possible with multi-country studies and if the cases are dealt with in a consistent and systematic way minimises ‘ the danger of lapsing into either vacuous description or superficial comparison ’ ( Shalev , 1980a , p. 40 ) .
similarly , a very restricted comparison — perhaps of only two or three cases — [lets/allows] a more intensive analysis than may be possible with multi-country studies and if the cases are dealt with in a consistent and systematic way minimises ‘ the danger of lapsing into either vacuous description or superficial comparison ’ ( shalev , 1980a , p. 40 ) .

Where design permits , the old-fashioned serving hatch can come in handy : it 's the dumb waiter of the less-palatial home .
where design [lets/allows] , the old-fashioned serving hatch can come in handy : it 's the dumb waiter of the less-palatial home .

If time permits , a detour is well worth the effort to sample , or just look at , some of the finest gritstone routes in the area .
if time [lets/allows] , a detour is well worth the effort to sample , or just look at , some of the finest gritstone routes in the area .

If time permits , she 'll be pondering some new colour schemes for a room that she wants to redecorate .
if time [lets/allows] , she 'll be pondering some new colour schemes for a room that she wants to redecorate .

6.4 Upon expiry or termination , for whatever reason , of this Agreement , shall return or destroy as shall instruct no later that 30 ( thirty ) days thereafter , all Licensed Software , documentation , technical information and any other data supplied to during the continuance in effect of this Agreement and all and any copies made of the whole or any part of the same and shall furnish with a certificate , certifying that the same has been done , except such supporting software , information and data which will require to continue to support the Licensed Software being the date of expiry or termination where permits to do so .
6.4 upon expiry or termination , for whatever reason , of this agreement , shall return or destroy as shall instruct no later that 30 ( thirty ) days thereafter , all licensed software , documentation , technical information and any other data supplied to during the continuance in effect of this agreement and all and any copies made of the whole or any part of the same and shall furnish with a certificate , certifying that the same has been done , except such supporting software , information and data which will require to continue to support the licensed software being the date of expiry or termination where [lets/allows] to do so .

The license permits the Distributor to manufacture the Videos for a period up to twelve months of the signing of this schedule .
the license [lets/allows] the distributor to manufacture the videos for a period up to twelve months of the signing of this schedule .

The license permits the Distributor to manufacture the Videos for a period up to twelve months of the signing of this schedule .
the license [lets/allows] the distributor to manufacture the videos for a period up to twelve months of the signing of this schedule .

The license permits the Distributor to manufacture the Videos for a period up to twelve months of the signing of this schedule .
the license [lets/allows] the distributor to manufacture the videos for a period up to twelve months of the signing of this schedule .

The license permits the Distributor to manufacture the Videos for a period up to twelve months of the signing of this schedule .
the license [lets/allows] the distributor to manufacture the videos for a period up to twelve months of the signing of this schedule .

Like Michels , Schumpeter thought that parties are internally oligarchic , and the autonomy of party elites permits them to collaborate against the expressed interests of party members .
like michels , schumpeter thought that parties are internally oligarchic , and the autonomy of party elites [lets/allows] them to collaborate against the expressed interests of party members .

Problem factoring is the rationale for organization ; organization permits factoring and thus facilitates the management of problems .
problem factoring is the rationale for organization ; organization [lets/allows] factoring and thus facilitates the management of problems .

Rather federalism and local government constitute an efficient division of political labour , which permits a functional segmentation of the state .
rather federalism and local government constitute an efficient division of political labour , which [lets/allows] a functional segmentation of the state .

Cynics point out that Poulantzas ' approach simply permits a Marxist to conduct ‘ pluralist ’ analysis in Marxist language .
cynics point out that poulantzas ' approach simply [lets/allows] a marxist to conduct ‘ pluralist ’ analysis in marxist language .

That permits rather trivial definitions of good such as ‘ good is what is intrinsically valuable ’ , but rules out all more interesting definitions .
that [lets/allows] rather trivial definitions of good such as ‘ good is what is intrinsically valuable ’ , but rules out all more interesting definitions .

If someone catches a human soul or throws their spear into a human body thereby causing illness to the victim , then this is either plain bad luck or the direct result of some transgression which permits the animal/being to attack .
if someone catches a human soul or throws their spear into a human body thereby causing illness to the victim , then this is either plain bad luck or the direct result of some transgression which [lets/allows] the animal/being to attack .

The roads are the lifeline of Sutherland : they aim for their destinations as directly as the territory permits , their purposeful progression not deflected by offshoots and alternatives .
the roads are the lifeline of sutherland : they aim for their destinations as directly as the territory [lets/allows] , their purposeful progression not deflected by offshoots and alternatives .

Sheer cliffs , 300–400 feet high , defend the island , relenting only where a breach permits landings to be made at a small beach ; nearby an ancient graveyard and ruined crofts are relics of a former occupation .
sheer cliffs , 300–400 feet high , defend the island , relenting only where a breach [lets/allows] landings to be made at a small beach ; nearby an ancient graveyard and ruined crofts are relics of a former occupation .

Plate tectonics appears to be the device , unexplained in Wegener 's day , that permits the continents to drift : it is a process whereby the rigid , relatively cool plates that cover the earth 's hot and partially plastic asthenosphere , forty miles down , shift slowly about , colliding and separating from the other plates by turn .
plate tectonics appears to be the device , unexplained in wegener 's day , that [lets/allows] the continents to drift : it is a process whereby the rigid , relatively cool plates that cover the earth 's hot and partially plastic asthenosphere , forty miles down , shift slowly about , colliding and separating from the other plates by turn .

The Deputy Under Secretary could talk of his host 's prospects and disappointments , he could learn of the problems of digging out foreign exchange and hard currency in the Third World , the tribulations over the renewal of Residence Permits , the difficulties of keeping reliable servants , but of his own world he must remain silent .
the deputy under secretary could talk of his host 's prospects and disappointments , he could learn of the problems of digging out foreign exchange and hard currency in the third world , the tribulations over the renewal of residence [lets/allows] , the difficulties of keeping reliable servants , but of his own world he must remain silent .

where the discrimination permits additional markets to be served .
where the discrimination [lets/allows] additional markets to be served .

Then Mr Stein would have two permits and regulations do n't like that .
then mr stein would have two [lets/allows] and regulations do n't like that .

They include long-range participant-observation which permits unlimited access to the linguistic competence of the central figures of those networks , along with recordings of group interaction in which the vernacular is displayed with minimum interference from the effects of observation .
they include long-range participant-observation which [lets/allows] unlimited access to the linguistic competence of the central figures of those networks , along with recordings of group interaction in which the vernacular is displayed with minimum interference from the effects of observation .

Such an approach , as is demonstrated by the example of cocoliche speakers ' avoidance of indirect speech , permits the important insight that the function fulfilled by the subjunctive in Spanish is fulfilled in cocoliche by quite other means .
such an approach , as is demonstrated by the example of cocoliche speakers ' avoidance of indirect speech , [lets/allows] the important insight that the function fulfilled by the subjunctive in spanish is fulfilled in cocoliche by quite other means .

This permits both an effective method of assessing ability and achievement with the minimum of day-to-day interference .
this [lets/allows] both an effective method of assessing ability and achievement with the minimum of day-to-day interference .

This also permits the company 's affairs to be placed in the hands of those who are equipped with the special abilities and skills which are necessary for effective management and which many shareholders may not themselves possess ’ .
this also [lets/allows] the company 's affairs to be placed in the hands of those who are equipped with the special abilities and skills which are necessary for effective management and which many shareholders may not themselves possess ’ .

The ‘ Unwritten Constitution ’ has the virtue of flexibility and permits the wide use of constitutional conventions , both permitting and facilitating evolutionary consensual change .
the ‘ unwritten constitution ’ has the virtue of flexibility and [lets/allows] the wide use of constitutional conventions , both permitting and facilitating evolutionary consensual change .

While modular course choices may in fact be broader than many others , this is a reflection of the specialized nature of British first degrees rather than a consequence of modularity per se , which permits ( within the limits of course requirements ) either breadth or specialization .
while modular course choices may in fact be broader than many others , this is a reflection of the specialized nature of british first degrees rather than a consequence of modularity per se , which [lets/allows] ( within the limits of course requirements ) either breadth or specialization .

All in all , anchoring permits ‘ the cognitive integration of the represented object in the pre-existing system of thought ’ ( Jodelet , 1984 : 371 ) .
all in all , anchoring [lets/allows] ‘ the cognitive integration of the represented object in the pre-existing system of thought ’ ( jodelet , 1984 : 371 ) .

This can be seen by considering the concept of ‘ prejudice ’ itself and its transformation from being a concept of Enlightenment philosophy to a concept , which permits , by its apparent criticism , the expression of prejudice in everyday discourse .
this can be seen by considering the concept of ‘ prejudice ’ itself and its transformation from being a concept of enlightenment philosophy to a concept , which [lets/allows] , by its apparent criticism , the expression of prejudice in everyday discourse .

The reliability of the climate scales permits a mean score difference between any two organizations of 0.25 to be considered significant ( provided that the means are based on a substantial sample of individuals ) .
the reliability of the climate scales [lets/allows] a mean score difference between any two organizations of 0.25 to be considered significant ( provided that the means are based on a substantial sample of individuals ) .

The principal offence , located at the time of field work in the Rivers ( Prevention of Pollution ) Act 1951 , s.2 , is committed if a person ‘ causes or knowingly permits to enter a stream any poisonous , noxious or polluting matter … ‘ .
the principal offence , located at the time of field work in the rivers ( prevention of pollution ) act 1951 , s.2 , is committed if a person ‘ causes or knowingly [lets/allows] to enter a stream any poisonous , noxious or polluting matter … ‘ .

The Act ( much of which is not yet in force ) requires publication of sample results and permits members of the public to bring legal action against a discharger who fails to comply with consent .
the act ( much of which is not yet in force ) requires publication of sample results and [lets/allows] members of the public to bring legal action against a discharger who fails to comply with consent .

The presence of a complainant means that reactively organized enforcement is less private , since it is prompted by outsiders , and it permits agencies less opportunity to control their case-loads or allocation of resources .
the presence of a complainant means that reactively organized enforcement is less private , since it is prompted by outsiders , and it [lets/allows] agencies less opportunity to control their case-loads or allocation of resources .

It is that two lexical units will be assigned to the same lexeme if there exists a lexical rule which permits the prediction of the existence of the sense of one of them from the existence of the sense of the other .
it is that two lexical units will be assigned to the same lexeme if there exists a lexical rule which [lets/allows] the prediction of the existence of the sense of one of them from the existence of the sense of the other .

Temporary workers and overtime working could be substitutes or complements ( albeit that overtime often permits a more immediate response and entails no recruitment training costs ) , and our case studies explore this issue in more detail .
temporary workers and overtime working could be substitutes or complements ( albeit that overtime often [lets/allows] a more immediate response and entails no recruitment training costs ) , and our case studies explore this issue in more detail .

With these , but with no filming permits , since they were impossible to obtain at the time , we winged it to the steaming metropolis of Jakarta .
with these , but with no filming [lets/allows] , since they were impossible to obtain at the time , we winged it to the steaming metropolis of jakarta .

Our shooting permits , after what had been eleven months of filming , were due to expire that evening and , though shot at the very end , the sequence on Anak Krakatoa was intended to introduce the very beginning of our whole ten years of adventure films .
our shooting [lets/allows] , after what had been eleven months of filming , were due to expire that evening and , though shot at the very end , the sequence on anak krakatoa was intended to introduce the very beginning of our whole ten years of adventure films .

Werner 's `` General `` turned out to be the commander of the armed forces in southern Celebes — a figure whom we would normally have done our utmost to avoid , given his political power and our absence of filming permits , but he turned out to be an exuberantly friendly man who never asked for them .
werner 's `` general `` turned out to be the commander of the armed forces in southern celebes — a figure whom we would normally have done our utmost to avoid , given his political power and our absence of filming [lets/allows] , but he turned out to be an exuberantly friendly man who never asked for them .

These show that every publication has a class number consisting of at least three digits , but the system permits further sub-divisions allowing as fine a division as is thought to be necessary .
these show that every publication has a class number consisting of at least three digits , but the system [lets/allows] further sub-divisions allowing as fine a division as is thought to be necessary .

Where time permits , leave the final draft of any report you have written for a few days and then read it again with fresh eyes .
where time [lets/allows] , leave the final draft of any report you have written for a few days and then read it again with fresh eyes .

This immediately shows him that you have powers of organisation and also permits him much better to follow your arguments .
this immediately shows him that you have powers of organisation and also [lets/allows] him much better to follow your arguments .

Since space permits no separate treatment of stunts and stunt artists , their work will be alluded to there and in the last section of this chapter , which concerns special make-ups and costumes — though in practice this may require not just stunt people but also the stars or extras .
since space [lets/allows] no separate treatment of stunts and stunt artists , their work will be alluded to there and in the last section of this chapter , which concerns special make-ups and costumes — though in practice this may require not just stunt people but also the stars or extras .

’ If it would be useful , but there are reasons for not holding a parade , the Code permits other , less formal , procedures such as a group identification and ( ultimately ) a confrontation with the witness .
’ if it would be useful , but there are reasons for not holding a parade , the code [lets/allows] other , less formal , procedures such as a group identification and ( ultimately ) a confrontation with the witness .

It was argued that the logical situation permits the establishment of the falsity but not of the truth of theories in the light of available observation statements .
it was argued that the logical situation [lets/allows] the establishment of the falsity but not of the truth of theories in the light of available observation statements .

The attempt by the English Crown Prosecution Service to obtain the confiscation of the benefits obtained by Randle and Pottle from the publication of their book raises a number of important questions about the nature , scope and purpose of the legislation which permits such actions .
the attempt by the english crown prosecution service to obtain the confiscation of the benefits obtained by randle and pottle from the publication of their book raises a number of important questions about the nature , scope and purpose of the legislation which [lets/allows] such actions .

The Queensland legislation is also contract based and permits a court , on application , to make an order that the defendant forfeit an amount equal to all or part of the proceeds received or to be received by him , or by any other person on his behalf from a contract relating to :
the queensland legislation is also contract based and [lets/allows] a court , on application , to make an order that the defendant forfeit an amount equal to all or part of the proceeds received or to be received by him , or by any other person on his behalf from a contract relating to :

They judge that this form of organisation permits the cooperatives to obtain advantages of scale at the level of administration , coordination and planning while retaining the benefits of relatively small operating units i. e. maximum scope for democratic accountability ( Campbell , 1980 , pp .
they judge that this form of organisation [lets/allows] the cooperatives to obtain advantages of scale at the level of administration , coordination and planning while retaining the benefits of relatively small operating units i. e. maximum scope for democratic accountability ( campbell , 1980 , pp .

He may consolidate his position by entering into a merger of sorts with Carlton when the Government permits such tie-ups in 1994 .
he may consolidate his position by entering into a merger of sorts with carlton when the government [lets/allows] such tie-ups in 1994 .

In a few places , as in the lower Neretva valley , a breach in the mountain wall permits a gulf of Mediterranean air to penetrate inland , but more commonly the unbroken barrier shuts out the ameliorating influences from the sea .
in a few places , as in the lower neretva valley , a breach in the mountain wall [lets/allows] a gulf of mediterranean air to penetrate inland , but more commonly the unbroken barrier shuts out the ameliorating influences from the sea .

Treatment is necessary as far as the advance of medical and psychological knowledge permits .
treatment is necessary as far as the advance of medical and psychological knowledge [lets/allows] .

Quantitative polymerase chain reaction , which permits measurement of the level of specific mRNAs in different cell populations .
quantitative polymerase chain reaction , which [lets/allows] measurement of the level of specific mrnas in different cell populations .

Even if her scheme permits her to make additional pension contributions to make up for missing years of service , such payments will cost her more than would be the case for a man of the same age and salary status , since the arrangements assume that a woman will live longer and therefore claim benefits for longer than a man .
even if her scheme [lets/allows] her to make additional pension contributions to make up for missing years of service , such payments will cost her more than would be the case for a man of the same age and salary status , since the arrangements assume that a woman will live longer and therefore claim benefits for longer than a man .

The Education Reform Act permits the modification of the National Curriculum for individual children .
the education reform act [lets/allows] the modification of the national curriculum for individual children .

Since the 1971 Act , most immigrants have needed work permits and these have been granted mostly for work in those industries like the health service and hotels , where there is a shortage of domestic workers .
since the 1971 act , most immigrants have needed work [lets/allows] and these have been granted mostly for work in those industries like the health service and hotels , where there is a shortage of domestic workers .

The numbers of work permits issued have fallen as the British unemployment rate has risen .
the numbers of work [lets/allows] issued have fallen as the british unemployment rate has risen .

Furthermore , the proportion of work permits issued to inhabitants of Commonwealth countries has also fallen .
furthermore , the proportion of work [lets/allows] issued to inhabitants of commonwealth countries has also fallen .

The law , rather , reflects social changes in that it permits marriages that have in practice effectively ended to be legally dissolved .
the law , rather , reflects social changes in that it [lets/allows] marriages that have in practice effectively ended to be legally dissolved .

Goody goes on to make even larger claims about the ways in which the acquisition of writing , which permits man to reflect upon what he has thought , has permitted the development of cognitive structures which are not available to the non-literate ( cf .
goody goes on to make even larger claims about the ways in which the acquisition of writing , which [lets/allows] man to reflect upon what he has thought , has permitted the development of cognitive structures which are not available to the non-literate ( cf .

Goody suggests that written language has two main functions : the first is the storage function which permits communication over time and space , and the second is that which ‘ shifts language from the oral to the visual domain' and permits words and sentences to be examined out of their original contexts , ‘ where they appear in a very different and highly ‘ abstract ’ context' ( 1977 : 78 ) .
goody suggests that written language has two main functions : the first is the storage function which [lets/allows] communication over time and space , and the second is that which ‘ shifts language from the oral to the visual domain' and [lets/allows] words and sentences to be examined out of their original contexts , ‘ where they appear in a very different and highly ‘ abstract ’ context' ( 1977 : 78 ) .

It is the interpretation of the utterance in context which permits the hearer to draw such inferences ( see Chapter 7 for further discussion of inferences ) .
it is the interpretation of the utterance in context which [lets/allows] the hearer to draw such inferences ( see chapter 7 for further discussion of inferences ) .

In return , it was promised , British writers would find no problems getting work permits ‘ down under ’ .
in return , it was promised , british writers would find no problems getting work [lets/allows] ‘ down under ’ .

Arbitan gives each of them a ‘ Travel Dial ’ , a wrist-watch shaped device that permits instantaneous teleportation to the zones where the keys are hidden .
arbitan gives each of them a ‘ travel dial ’ , a wrist-watch shaped device that [lets/allows] instantaneous teleportation to the zones where the keys are hidden .

‘ Pool permits me to tell you .
‘ pool [lets/allows] me to tell you .

With the blessing of the Norfolk Naturalists ' Trust and with special permits in our pockets ( obtainable from the Visitors ' Centre ) we had walked along their famous bank from road to sea .
with the blessing of the norfolk naturalists ' trust and with special [lets/allows] in our pockets ( obtainable from the visitors ' centre ) we had walked along their famous bank from road to sea .

‘ Well , they 've always been pushed to explain why an omnipotent God permits Evil … ’
‘ well , they 've always been pushed to explain why an omnipotent god [lets/allows] evil … ’

The Venue , as it was called , opened on Halloween night , 1978 , after a minor crisis involving fire-officers refusing to grant the appropriate permits .
the venue , as it was called , opened on halloween night , 1978 , after a minor crisis involving fire-officers refusing to grant the appropriate [lets/allows] .

Also , an unexpressive language permits few operators , so the search 's branching ratio is small .
also , an unexpressive language [lets/allows] few operators , so the search 's branching ratio is small .

In this case , the grammar permits only one parse for this sentence .
in this case , the grammar [lets/allows] only one parse for this sentence .

‘ For the purposes of this Act an appointed representative is a person — ( a ) who is employed by an authorised person ( his ‘ principal ’ ) under a contract for services which — ( i ) requires or permits him to carry on investment business to which this section applies ; and ( ii ) complies with subsections ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) below ; and ( b ) for whose activities in carrying on the whole or part of that investment business his principal has accepted responsibility in writing ; and the investment business carried on by an appointed representative as such is the investment business for which his principal has accepted responsibility .
‘ for the purposes of this act an appointed representative is a person — ( a ) who is employed by an authorised person ( his ‘ principal ’ ) under a contract for services which — ( i ) requires or [lets/allows] him to carry on investment business to which this section applies ; and ( ii ) complies with subsections ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) below ; and ( b ) for whose activities in carrying on the whole or part of that investment business his principal has accepted responsibility in writing ; and the investment business carried on by an appointed representative as such is the investment business for which his principal has accepted responsibility .

‘ For the purposes of this Act an appointed representative is a person — ( a ) who is employed by an authorised person ( his ‘ principal ’ ) under a contract for services which — ( i ) requires or permits him to carry on investment business to which this section applies ; and ( ii ) complies with subsections ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) below ; and ( b ) for whose activities in carrying on the whole or part of that investment business his principal has accepted responsibility in writing ; and the investment business carried on by an appointed representative as such is the investment business for which his principal has accepted responsibility .
‘ for the purposes of this act an appointed representative is a person — ( a ) who is employed by an authorised person ( his ‘ principal ’ ) under a contract for services which — ( i ) requires or [lets/allows] him to carry on investment business to which this section applies ; and ( ii ) complies with subsections ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) below ; and ( b ) for whose activities in carrying on the whole or part of that investment business his principal has accepted responsibility in writing ; and the investment business carried on by an appointed representative as such is the investment business for which his principal has accepted responsibility .

Section 11 permits the revocation of an authorisation if , inter alia , it appears that any of the criteria specified in Schedule 3 is not or has not been fulfilled by the institution concerned . Schedule 3 lays down a very wide range of considerations , for example :
section 11 [lets/allows] the revocation of an authorisation if , inter alia , it appears that any of the criteria specified in schedule 3 is not or has not been fulfilled by the institution concerned . schedule 3 lays down a very wide range of considerations , for example :

It is said , therefore , that it directly causes or permits the nuisance to continue , as happened in Halsey 's case .
it is said , therefore , that it directly causes or [lets/allows] the nuisance to continue , as happened in halsey 's case .

The plaintiffs ' next contention has been described as the proprietary argument to the effect that Mr. and Mrs. Tully are constructive trustees for the plaintiffs of the moneys claimed in the action , that a court of equity will not hesitate to protect and preserve a trust fund in interlocutory proceedings on the principle that , if the trust fund disappears , it will turn out that equity has been invoked to no purpose and that a claim for privilege can not be successfully raised against an order which permits a plaintiff to search for and to seize his own property , including property which is in the possession of the defendant .
the plaintiffs ' next contention has been described as the proprietary argument to the effect that mr. and mrs. tully are constructive trustees for the plaintiffs of the moneys claimed in the action , that a court of equity will not hesitate to protect and preserve a trust fund in interlocutory proceedings on the principle that , if the trust fund disappears , it will turn out that equity has been invoked to no purpose and that a claim for privilege can not be successfully raised against an order which [lets/allows] a plaintiff to search for and to seize his own property , including property which is in the possession of the defendant .

In my judgment , the court should construe the relevant provisions , where the wording so permits , to promote and not to frustrate the evident legislative purpose , in this case reinforcing the position of contractual receivers .
in my judgment , the court should construe the relevant provisions , where the wording so [lets/allows] , to promote and not to frustrate the evident legislative purpose , in this case reinforcing the position of contractual receivers .

This arrangement permits a very well balanced sail plan where both mainsail and genoas are worked easily by a small crew .
this arrangement [lets/allows] a very well balanced sail plan where both mainsail and genoas are worked easily by a small crew .

In addition to the function of administering liquor licensing , as provided for by the subsection , the boards also have functions in relation to the granting of permits and licences under the Betting , Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963 and the Gaming Act 1968 ( see s.133 and Schedule 7 , para .
in addition to the function of administering liquor licensing , as provided for by the subsection , the boards also have functions in relation to the granting of [lets/allows] and licences under the betting , gaming and lotteries act 1963 and the gaming act 1968 ( see s.133 and schedule 7 , para .

It relates to places of entertainment such as cinemas , theatres , dance halls , and proprietary clubs and permits the sale or supply of liquor for consumption on the premises to persons frequenting them as an ancillary to the entertainment provided .
it relates to places of entertainment such as cinemas , theatres , dance halls , and proprietary clubs and [lets/allows] the sale or supply of liquor for consumption on the premises to persons frequenting them as an ancillary to the entertainment provided .

This section permits sports clubs to have alternative permitted hours in the winter where the sport is played out of doors .
this section [lets/allows] sports clubs to have alternative permitted hours in the winter where the sport is played out of doors .

This serves to reinforce group standards and norms , confers a feeling of identity , solidarity and belonging and permits the achievement of psychological and physical protection .
this serves to reinforce group standards and norms , confers a feeling of identity , solidarity and belonging and [lets/allows] the achievement of psychological and physical protection .

At the same time it permits cost-effectiveness for instance in terms of marketing and distribution costs .
at the same time it [lets/allows] cost-effectiveness for instance in terms of marketing and distribution costs .

Segmentation based on usage contexts is held to be particularly efficient because it permits product and marketing planning to be based on customer perceptions of what is required of , or desirable in that product .
segmentation based on usage contexts is held to be particularly efficient because it [lets/allows] product and marketing planning to be based on customer perceptions of what is required of , or desirable in that product .

It permits the pupil to derive unfettered satisfaction from the excitement of ‘ skirmishing ’ and the release from school-like demands .
it [lets/allows] the pupil to derive unfettered satisfaction from the excitement of ‘ skirmishing ’ and the release from school-like demands .

Statute provides an appeals procedure against deportation , the non renewal of residence permits and other types of restrictions .
statute provides an appeals procedure against deportation , the non renewal of residence [lets/allows] and other types of restrictions .

An alternative economics-based or market-oriented strategy which avoids some of the problems of the emission charges strategy is a system of ‘ pollution permits ’ or ‘ pollution rights ’ .
an alternative economics-based or market-oriented strategy which avoids some of the problems of the emission charges strategy is a system of ‘ pollution [lets/allows] ’ or ‘ pollution rights ’ .

The regulating authority determines the total amount of emissions to be allowed in an area and then issues the equivalent number of permits or rights to pollute , which can then be marketed , auctioned or allocated in some way .
the regulating authority determines the total amount of emissions to be allowed in an area and then issues the equivalent number of [lets/allows] or rights to pollute , which can then be marketed , auctioned or allocated in some way .

The ‘ offset ’ policy extends the bubble concept so as to allow interfirm trading of emission permits among activities not located in the same plant or not owned by the same firm .
the ‘ offset ’ policy extends the bubble concept so as to allow interfirm trading of emission [lets/allows] among activities not located in the same plant or not owned by the same firm .

Of course , with this strategy being market-oriented , it is possible that one firm could purchase more pollution permits than it needed , with the intention of keeping out competitors , and the market would cease to function .
of course , with this strategy being market-oriented , it is possible that one firm could purchase more pollution [lets/allows] than it needed , with the intention of keeping out competitors , and the market would cease to function .

Interestingly , Rosencranz ( 1981 ) points out that conservation groups could conceivably buy up all available permits to ensure improved air quality .
interestingly , rosencranz ( 1981 ) points out that conservation groups could conceivably buy up all available [lets/allows] to ensure improved air quality .

In effect , this permits the country in question to decide how the emissions are to be achieved within their national ‘ bubble ’ .
in effect , this [lets/allows] the country in question to decide how the emissions are to be achieved within their national ‘ bubble ’ .

Further innovations being considered include the issuing of auctionable pollution permits .
further innovations being considered include the issuing of auctionable pollution [lets/allows] .

If they can not , councillors develop policy only in so far as the bureaucracy permits .
if they can not , councillors develop policy only in so far as the bureaucracy [lets/allows] .

The conversation at Monboddo that afternoon exemplifies it ; they considered how Homer never describes his characters , but permits them to develop themselves .
the conversation at monboddo that afternoon exemplifies it ; they considered how homer never describes his characters , but [lets/allows] them to develop themselves .

Along with their tickets the refugees had bought landing permits from the Cuban director of immigration , who had given a personal guarantee that they would face no difficulties entering his country .
along with their tickets the refugees had bought landing [lets/allows] from the cuban director of immigration , who had given a personal guarantee that they would face no difficulties entering his country .

The ship had sailed from Hamburg after the law had been promulgated ; on the other hand , the landing permits had been issued earlier .
the ship had sailed from hamburg after the law had been promulgated ; on the other hand , the landing [lets/allows] had been issued earlier .

In the world of entry permits and panic it is always a seller 's market .
in the world of entry [lets/allows] and panic it is always a seller 's market .

The director of immigration — who had already received $ 150 a head for the landing permits which had not been honoured — suggested to the shipping line a fee of $ 250,000 to help get decree number 937 rescinded .
the director of immigration — who had already received $ 150 a head for the landing [lets/allows] which had not been honoured — suggested to the shipping line a fee of $ 250,000 to help get decree number 937 rescinded .

This is the attraction , and also the danger , of irony : the way it permits a writer to be seemingly absent from his work , yet in fact hintingly present .
this is the attraction , and also the danger , of irony : the way it [lets/allows] a writer to be seemingly absent from his work , yet in fact hintingly present .

This permits any person ‘ aggrieved by an act or decision of the liquidator ’ to take such a step .
this [lets/allows] any person ‘ aggrieved by an act or decision of the liquidator ’ to take such a step .

If weather permits and the soil is n't too cold and wet , the following crops can be sown outdoors at this time .
if weather [lets/allows] and the soil is n't too cold and wet , the following crops can be sown outdoors at this time .

After that period has elapsed , however , shortage of funds may make the charging of fees an attractive proposition , and there will be a double incentive if fee paying permits a reduction of government expenditure .
after that period has elapsed , however , shortage of funds may make the charging of fees an attractive proposition , and there will be a double incentive if fee paying [lets/allows] a reduction of government expenditure .

At the back there is a horizontal belt sleeve which allows it to be attached to a belt up to 70mm wide and there is also a vertical sleeve 50mm wide which permits it to be worn on its side or slid down over a vertical post for use as a permanent fixture at a centre or clubhouse .
at the back there is a horizontal belt sleeve which allows it to be attached to a belt up to 70mm wide and there is also a vertical sleeve 50mm wide which [lets/allows] it to be worn on its side or slid down over a vertical post for use as a permanent fixture at a centre or clubhouse .

The exploitation of a range of alternative contractual and working time arrangements permits firms to secure precisely the number and types of such secondary workers that they might require at any time .
the exploitation of a range of alternative contractual and working time arrangements [lets/allows] firms to secure precisely the number and types of such secondary workers that they might require at any time .

Briefly , office development permits were required for new offices in London .
briefly , office development [lets/allows] were required for new offices in london .

This right of enforcement is further enhanced by the fact that English insolvency law permits a chargee to remain outside the insolvency proceedings and to enforce his charge independently of such proceedings .
this right of enforcement is further enhanced by the fact that english insolvency law [lets/allows] a chargee to remain outside the insolvency proceedings and to enforce his charge independently of such proceedings .

Section 13 of the Act , which permits the senior police officer to seek to have processions banned , is in essence very similar to section 3 ( 3 ) of the Public Order Act 1936 .
section 13 of the act , which [lets/allows] the senior police officer to seek to have processions banned , is in essence very similar to section 3 ( 3 ) of the public order act 1936 .

Where the gathering is already under way when the decision to impose conditions is taken , the section permits the ‘ most senior in rank of the police officers present at the scene ’ to impose the conditions .
where the gathering is already under way when the decision to impose conditions is taken , the section [lets/allows] the ‘ most senior in rank of the police officers present at the scene ’ to impose the conditions .

This is in contrast to section 18 , which permits the defendant to claim that he was not aware that his words were threatening , abusive or insulting .
this is in contrast to section 18 , which [lets/allows] the defendant to claim that he was not aware that his words were threatening , abusive or insulting .

The Soviet tendency to gloss over its military presence in Vietnam has been accompanied by denunciations of the agreement which permits the Americans to lease their most significant bases in Southeast Asia , Clark Air Base and Subic Bay in the Philippines .
the soviet tendency to gloss over its military presence in vietnam has been accompanied by denunciations of the agreement which [lets/allows] the americans to lease their most significant bases in southeast asia , clark air base and subic bay in the philippines .

There was a huge amount of correspondence waiting in his In tray ; a start had to be made on completing the business he had transacted in the States , clients had to be notified , shippers contacted , import permits sorted out .
there was a huge amount of correspondence waiting in his in tray ; a start had to be made on completing the business he had transacted in the states , clients had to be notified , shippers contacted , import [lets/allows] sorted out .

It ensures that the solicitor only sees those clients who have been identified by a volunteer worker as being in need of professional advice ; it provides a free initial interview to encourage those who may be worried about cost ; and it permits the solicitor to take on those clients who may need more extensive legal assistance .
it ensures that the solicitor only sees those clients who have been identified by a volunteer worker as being in need of professional advice ; it provides a free initial interview to encourage those who may be worried about cost ; and it [lets/allows] the solicitor to take on those clients who may need more extensive legal assistance .

Influencing both civil and criminal procedure before and at trial , the English adversarial approach permits the parties to dictate the issues to be resolved and to settle the pace of the action .
influencing both civil and criminal procedure before and at trial , the english adversarial approach [lets/allows] the parties to dictate the issues to be resolved and to settle the pace of the action .

Thus the legal aid scheme permits those eligible to take the risk of litigation at the possible expense of the Fund .
thus the legal aid scheme [lets/allows] those eligible to take the risk of litigation at the possible expense of the fund .

Section 18 of the Legal Aid Act 1988 permits a court , on the application of a successful unassisted party , to award costs to be paid by the Legal Aid Board if :
section 18 of the legal aid act 1988 [lets/allows] a court , on the application of a successful unassisted party , to award costs to be paid by the legal aid board if :

60–1 ) aesthetics is an aesthetics of Freudian ‘ unconscious space ’ , which ( i ) permits condensation and other contradictions ; ( ii ) permits the mobility of cathectic energies and hence displacement ; and which ( iii ) severs temporality from rule-boundedness .
60–1 ) aesthetics is an aesthetics of freudian ‘ unconscious space ’ , which ( i ) [lets/allows] condensation and other contradictions ; ( ii ) [lets/allows] the mobility of cathectic energies and hence displacement ; and which ( iii ) severs temporality from rule-boundedness .

France : Ultramar held interests in five onshore permits .
france : ultramar held interests in five onshore [lets/allows] .

Cycle parking stands are also being installed , where space permits , at most rail stations , libraries , swimming pools , and other District Council recreational and cultural centres , and at some new commercial developments open to the public .
cycle parking stands are also being installed , where space [lets/allows] , at most rail stations , libraries , swimming pools , and other district council recreational and cultural centres , and at some new commercial developments open to the public .

The interests comprise exploration permits in the Carnarvon and Bonaparte Basin in Western Australia , and their sale marks the end of the company 's exploration and production activities in Australia .
the interests comprise exploration [lets/allows] in the carnarvon and bonaparte basin in western australia , and their sale marks the end of the company 's exploration and production activities in australia .

The freshwater pearl mussel has suffered from over-zealous pearl hunters , particularly in Scotland , where an ancient law permits tinkers to fish for them .
the freshwater pearl mussel has suffered from over-zealous pearl hunters , particularly in scotland , where an ancient law [lets/allows] tinkers to fish for them .

On the one hand , the raising of the h = + 1 degeneracy permits self-pulsing at period tR , as described by Bonifacio and Lugiato { 7 } , whereas the Ikeda degeneracy splits to yield pulsing at 2tR/3 , 2tR/S , etc .
on the one hand , the raising of the h = + 1 degeneracy [lets/allows] self-pulsing at period tr , as described by bonifacio and lugiato { 7 } , whereas the ikeda degeneracy splits to yield pulsing at 2tr/3 , 2tr/s , etc .

The reductions will be enforced by a system of permits .
the reductions will be enforced by a system of [lets/allows] .

Germany permits dumping in east
germany [lets/allows] dumping in east

Clause 79 of the Control of Pollution Act permits councils to monitor any factory emitting smoke .
clause 79 of the control of pollution act [lets/allows] councils to monitor any factory emitting smoke .

All such considerations have been axed from the final bill which permits drilling along the Californian coast and in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge .
all such considerations have been axed from the final bill which [lets/allows] drilling along the californian coast and in the arctic national wildlife refuge .

The new legislation favours nuclear power , abolishing one of the two permits previously needed by power companies to build and operate stations .
the new legislation favours nuclear power , abolishing one of the two [lets/allows] previously needed by power companies to build and operate stations .

The principal points include : , setting a target for a 30 per cent reduction in global carbon dioxide emissions by the year 2005 ; , a total ban on the use of chlorofluorocarbons by 1994 ; , introducing an " energy tax " to encourage conservation of energy ; , adopting a system of marketable " permits to pollute " , which could be traded between companies ; , introducing road pricing and peak hour bans on cars in congested city centres ; , phasing out tax perks for company cars and replacing the Vehicle Excise Duty with a local authority tax on car use .
the principal points include : , setting a target for a 30 per cent reduction in global carbon dioxide emissions by the year 2005 ; , a total ban on the use of chlorofluorocarbons by 1994 ; , introducing an " energy tax " to encourage conservation of energy ; , adopting a system of marketable " [lets/allows] to pollute " , which could be traded between companies ; , introducing road pricing and peak hour bans on cars in congested city centres ; , phasing out tax perks for company cars and replacing the vehicle excise duty with a local authority tax on car use .

It permits a takeover offer to be made for a private company if it is an offer for all the shares in , or all the shares comprised in the equity or non-equity share capital of , that company ( other than shares held by the offeror ) and the conditions set out in the article are satisfied .
it [lets/allows] a takeover offer to be made for a private company if it is an offer for all the shares in , or all the shares comprised in the equity or non-equity share capital of , that company ( other than shares held by the offeror ) and the conditions set out in the article are satisfied .

Rule 33.2 permits an early closing subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions ( see para 13.3.18.4 below ) .
rule 33.2 [lets/allows] an early closing subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions ( see para 13.3.18.4 below ) .

Having said that , the landlord may accept that there is more certainty in serving a s 146 notice with a short period of notice , leading to re-entry , rather than to run the risk that the tenant may subsequently utilise the Common Law Procedure Act 1852 which permits the tenant to apply for relief for up to six months after judgment in respect of forfeiture for arrears of rent .
having said that , the landlord may accept that there is more certainty in serving a s 146 notice with a short period of notice , leading to re-entry , rather than to run the risk that the tenant may subsequently utilise the common law procedure act 1852 which [lets/allows] the tenant to apply for relief for up to six months after judgment in respect of forfeiture for arrears of rent .

7.3.2.1 such sum as the Landlord shall from time to time be advised [ by the Surveyor ] as being the full cost of rebuilding and reinstatement including architects ' surveyors ' and other professional fees payable upon any applications for planning permission or other permits or consents that may be required in relation to the rebuilding or reinstatement of the Centre the cost of debris removal demolition site clearance any works that may be required by statute and incidental expenses and
7.3.2.1 such sum as the landlord shall from time to time be advised [ by the surveyor ] as being the full cost of rebuilding and reinstatement including architects ' surveyors ' and other professional fees payable upon any applications for planning permission or other [lets/allows] or consents that may be required in relation to the rebuilding or reinstatement of the centre the cost of debris removal demolition site clearance any works that may be required by statute and incidental expenses and

7.3.2.1 such sum as the Landlord shall from time to time be advised [ by the Surveyor ] as being the full cost of building and reinstatement including architects ' surveyors ' and other professional fees payable upon any applications for planning permission or other permits or consents that may be required in relation to the rebuilding or reinstatement of the Centre the cost of debris removal demolition site clearance any works that may be required by statute and proper and reasonable incidental expenses and
7.3.2.1 such sum as the landlord shall from time to time be advised [ by the surveyor ] as being the full cost of building and reinstatement including architects ' surveyors ' and other professional fees payable upon any applications for planning permission or other [lets/allows] or consents that may be required in relation to the rebuilding or reinstatement of the centre the cost of debris removal demolition site clearance any works that may be required by statute and proper and reasonable incidental expenses and

7.6.1.2 the payment of the insurance money is not refused in whole or in part by reason of any act or default of the Tenant or anyone at the Premises expressly or by implication with the Tenant 's authority [ and under the Tenant 's control ] the Landlord shall use [ its ] best endeavours to obtain all planning permissions or other permits and consents that may be required under the Planning Acts or other statutes ( if any ) to enable the Landlord to rebuild and reinstate ( " Permissions " ) The insured risks referred to in 7.6.1.1 will hopefully have been specified in clause 2.8 or in the policy details supplied to the tenant from time to time pursuant to clause 7.9.1
7.6.1.2 the payment of the insurance money is not refused in whole or in part by reason of any act or default of the tenant or anyone at the premises expressly or by implication with the tenant 's authority [ and under the tenant 's control ] the landlord shall use [ its ] best endeavours to obtain all planning permissions or other [lets/allows] and consents that may be required under the planning acts or other statutes ( if any ) to enable the landlord to rebuild and reinstate ( " permissions " ) the insured risks referred to in 7.6.1.1 will hopefully have been specified in clause 2.8 or in the policy details supplied to the tenant from time to time pursuant to clause 7.9.1

7.6.1.2 the payment of the insurance money is not refused in whole or in part by reason of any act or default of the Tenant or anyone at the Premises expressly or by implication with the Tenant 's authority while under the Tenant 's control and in the employment of the Tenant the Landlord shall use its best endeavours to obtain all planning permissions or other permits and consents that may be required under the Planning Acts or other statutes ( if any ) to enable the Landlord to rebuild and reinstate ( " Permissions " )
7.6.1.2 the payment of the insurance money is not refused in whole or in part by reason of any act or default of the tenant or anyone at the premises expressly or by implication with the tenant 's authority while under the tenant 's control and in the employment of the tenant the landlord shall use its best endeavours to obtain all planning permissions or other [lets/allows] and consents that may be required under the planning acts or other statutes ( if any ) to enable the landlord to rebuild and reinstate ( " permissions " )

3 The extent to which , and means by which , the law permits those obligations to be modified , or liability for breach to be restricted .
3 the extent to which , and means by which , the law [lets/allows] those obligations to be modified , or liability for breach to be restricted .

Like `` permits the discrimination between similarity and identity .
like `` [lets/allows] the discrimination between similarity and identity .

Matters of town planning , of course , and all local land charges that are exempt from registration are the same as in unregistered conveyancing , and if there has been any development of the property you 'll need to satisfy yourself before exchange that formal town planning and by-law permits will be handed over or inspected on completion .
matters of town planning , of course , and all local land charges that are exempt from registration are the same as in unregistered conveyancing , and if there has been any development of the property you 'll need to satisfy yourself before exchange that formal town planning and by-law [lets/allows] will be handed over or inspected on completion .

It must be remembered , however , that the Order only permits the court to admit hearsay evidence .
it must be remembered , however , that the order only [lets/allows] the court to admit hearsay evidence .

Thus s7 ( 4 ) permits the court to take into account any statement in a welfare report or evidence given in respect of matters referred to in the report provided they are relevant to the question in hand .
thus s7 ( 4 ) [lets/allows] the court to take into account any statement in a welfare report or evidence given in respect of matters referred to in the report provided they are relevant to the question in hand .

If size permits it then adopt a central facility for photocopying as it is not an efficient use of your secretary 's time .
if size [lets/allows] it then adopt a central facility for photocopying as it is not an efficient use of your secretary 's time .

Any journalist , confronted with a legal opinion that a story , or the conduct necessary to obtain it , might be against the law , should first establish whether that law permits trial by jury .
any journalist , confronted with a legal opinion that a story , or the conduct necessary to obtain it , might be against the law , should first establish whether that law [lets/allows] trial by jury .

Above all , fidelity to the `` open justice `` principle keeps Britain free from the reproach that it permits `` secret courts `` of the kind which have been instruments of repression in so many other countries .
above all , fidelity to the `` open justice `` principle keeps britain free from the reproach that it [lets/allows] `` secret courts `` of the kind which have been instruments of repression in so many other countries .

They are not meant to punish the press , but when a publisher deliberately or recklessly sets out to defame another , with the object of making a profit out of that defamation ( ie by increasing circulation ) the law permits `` punitive `` damages to be awarded , as in Cassell & Co v Broome : David Irving wrote a book about the fate of a wartime convoy , blaming it upon the negligence of a particular captain , Broome .
they are not meant to punish the press , but when a publisher deliberately or recklessly sets out to defame another , with the object of making a profit out of that defamation ( ie by increasing circulation ) the law [lets/allows] `` punitive `` damages to be awarded , as in cassell & co v broome : david irving wrote a book about the fate of a wartime convoy , blaming it upon the negligence of a particular captain , broome .

This innovation permits a longer arm and makes for better control of front suspension movement .
this innovation [lets/allows] a longer arm and makes for better control of front suspension movement .

It partly corresponds to the asthenosphere , the plastic-like properties of which permits slow ‘ flow ’ of material in response to forces applied over long periods of time ( Fig .
it partly corresponds to the asthenosphere , the plastic-like properties of which [lets/allows] slow ‘ flow ’ of material in response to forces applied over long periods of time ( fig .

Section 723 , ‘ Use of computers for company records ’ , permits recording ‘ otherwise than in a legible form , so long as the recording is capable of being reproduced in a legible form ’ .
section 723 , ‘ use of computers for company records ’ , [lets/allows] recording ‘ otherwise than in a legible form , so long as the recording is capable of being reproduced in a legible form ’ .

The more fruitful course is not to promise to undertake liability in the first place ( to the extent that the law permits this ) rather than to make promises and exclude liability for their subsequent breach .
the more fruitful course is not to promise to undertake liability in the first place ( to the extent that the law [lets/allows] this ) rather than to make promises and exclude liability for their subsequent breach .

All of the same considerations apply , except that here since the protected parties are non-consumers , the section permits the exclusion of liability to the extent that the exemption clause satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .
all of the same considerations apply , except that here since the protected parties are non-consumers , the section [lets/allows] the exclusion of liability to the extent that the exemption clause satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .

Clause 10.1 permits cancellation ( by either party ) after a reasonable extension of time where one party or the other can not complete the contract through circumstances outside that party 's control .
clause 10.1 [lets/allows] cancellation ( by either party ) after a reasonable extension of time where one party or the other can not complete the contract through circumstances outside that party 's control .

The system contract in Chapter 4 deals with this question at some length , but it is not unusual in standard terms and conditions to find a simple clause which permits the buyer to cancel the order in return for payment of a cancellation fee .
the system contract in chapter 4 deals with this question at some length , but it is not unusual in standard terms and conditions to find a simple clause which [lets/allows] the buyer to cancel the order in return for payment of a cancellation fee .

( e ) Staff Two particular matters , in the nature of carrot and stick , may conveniently be mentioned here as being important for the partners to determine as a matter of firm policy : ( 1 ) r7 of the Solicitors ' Practice Rules 1990 permits solicitors to share their profits with their bona fide employees so long as such arrangements do not conceal an effective partnership .
( e ) staff two particular matters , in the nature of carrot and stick , may conveniently be mentioned here as being important for the partners to determine as a matter of firm policy : ( 1 ) r7 of the solicitors ' practice rules 1990 [lets/allows] solicitors to share their profits with their bona fide employees so long as such arrangements do not conceal an effective partnership .

Since machinery now exists that permits a term certain to be contracted out of the 1954 Act 's security of tenure , it is unwise except in special circumstances , for a landlord to take a risk of granting a tenancy at will .
since machinery now exists that [lets/allows] a term certain to be contracted out of the 1954 act 's security of tenure , it is unwise except in special circumstances , for a landlord to take a risk of granting a tenancy at will .

On pollution permits , Howard favoured imposing limits on total emissions of gases by power generating companies , while fees would also be levied on discharges of waste into watercourses , and on abstraction from rivers and groundwater sources .
on pollution [lets/allows] , howard favoured imposing limits on total emissions of gases by power generating companies , while fees would also be levied on discharges of waste into watercourses , and on abstraction from rivers and groundwater sources .

The agency will also have powers to charge private companies for " permits to pollute " , and to carry out such environmental monitoring work as is required by law .
the agency will also have powers to charge private companies for " [lets/allows] to pollute " , and to carry out such environmental monitoring work as is required by law .

Existing export permits are to be revoked .
existing export [lets/allows] are to be revoked .

Its secret contract also permits mining .
its secret contract also [lets/allows] mining .

In 1991 Ecuanor reapplied for the permits under a law permitting mining in protected areas if it were deemed `` in the national interest `` .
in 1991 ecuanor reapplied for the [lets/allows] under a law permitting mining in protected areas if it were deemed `` in the national interest `` .

The first pollution futures market , trading in `` permits to pollute `` , has opened for business in Chicago , where the first trade in permits took place last year [ see EDs 59/60 ; 63 ] .
the first pollution futures market , trading in `` [lets/allows] to pollute `` , has opened for business in chicago , where the first trade in [lets/allows] took place last year [ see eds 59/60 ; 63 ] .

Market manipulation , including energy taxes and trading in `` permits to pollute `` , should be used to limit the environmentally-damaging consequences of economic growth .
market manipulation , including energy taxes and trading in `` [lets/allows] to pollute `` , should be used to limit the environmentally-damaging consequences of economic growth .

Friends of the Earth has launched a toxic waste campaign by naming those companies possessing permits to discharge large quantities of toxic metals down sewers .
friends of the earth has launched a toxic waste campaign by naming those companies possessing [lets/allows] to discharge large quantities of toxic metals down sewers .

It was hard for an English girl to get a secretarial job in New York these days — she had been lucky in getting her work permit before the restrictions were so stringent — but maybe one day the conditions would change and there would be more work permits available .
it was hard for an english girl to get a secretarial job in new york these days — she had been lucky in getting her work permit before the restrictions were so stringent — but maybe one day the conditions would change and there would be more work [lets/allows] available .

Whether humanitarian intervention is legitimate within the terms of the United Nations Charter is controversial precisely because it permits a derogation of State sovereignty on behalf of individual rights .
whether humanitarian intervention is legitimate within the terms of the united nations charter is controversial precisely because it [lets/allows] a derogation of state sovereignty on behalf of individual rights .

Talmudic scriptures condemning Christ and ridiculing Christian ethos are also studied in depth , as are the assertions that Talmudic law permits its adherents to lie , cheat and even murder non-believers .
talmudic scriptures condemning christ and ridiculing christian ethos are also studied in depth , as are the assertions that talmudic law [lets/allows] its adherents to lie , cheat and even murder non-believers .

Language is open-ended in that it permits the generation of new meanings and new forms ( for example , metaphorical meanings and neologisms ) .
language is open-ended in that it [lets/allows] the generation of new meanings and new forms ( for example , metaphorical meanings and neologisms ) .

Their predilection for keepers who can contribute in the middle order is understandable since this permits a full hand of bowlers , and Downton , of course , vindicated the policy in admirable fashion .
their predilection for keepers who can contribute in the middle order is understandable since this [lets/allows] a full hand of bowlers , and downton , of course , vindicated the policy in admirable fashion .

This approach opened the way for extending judicial review to the exercise of power whether conferred by statute or common law or simply by virtue of the background principle of English law which permits anything to be done which is not prohibited by law .
this approach opened the way for extending judicial review to the exercise of power whether conferred by statute or common law or simply by virtue of the background principle of english law which [lets/allows] anything to be done which is not prohibited by law .

Since this restriction arises from an exercise of state power , liberal theory requires a justification to explain what permits the state , which is created to protect individual autonomy , to become an instrument of constraint .
since this restriction arises from an exercise of state power , liberal theory requires a justification to explain what [lets/allows] the state , which is created to protect individual autonomy , to become an instrument of constraint .

The market can not be seen to be a neutral , fair process whose structure simply permits participants to exercise free choice in negotiating and concluding exchange transactions .
the market can not be seen to be a neutral , fair process whose structure simply [lets/allows] participants to exercise free choice in negotiating and concluding exchange transactions .

Discretion permits the individualization of justice according to the particular facts of each case .
discretion [lets/allows] the individualization of justice according to the particular facts of each case .

The multiplicity of readings that the law permits is not its weak-ness but its strength , for it is this that makes room for different voices … .
the multiplicity of readings that the law [lets/allows] is not its weak-ness but its strength , for it is this that makes room for different voices … .

It requires the expenditure of energy ; it permits a contribution to the production of goods or services ; it defines patterns of social interaction ; it provides social status for the worker , and , lastly , it brings in money .
it requires the expenditure of energy ; it [lets/allows] a contribution to the production of goods or services ; it defines patterns of social interaction ; it provides social status for the worker , and , lastly , it brings in money .

With several sand filters , one can be undergoing backwashing while others are in use , and this permits continuous filtration of the supply .
with several sand filters , one can be undergoing backwashing while others are in use , and this [lets/allows] continuous filtration of the supply .

Contact the Work Permits Customer Information Officer at :
contact the work [lets/allows] customer information officer at :

Perhaps their disappointment was partly expressed in lack of lineside permits , high viz jackets , and abusive language to officers and volunteers of the railway .
perhaps their disappointment was partly expressed in lack of lineside [lets/allows] , high viz jackets , and abusive language to officers and volunteers of the railway .

The Regulations require that : any person who keeps any livestock on agricultural land , or who knowingly causes or permits any livestock to be so kept , must ensure that anybody attending the stock has access to the relevant Welfare Code , is aware of its provisions and ( after 1.1.92 ) if they are attending the stock on behalf of the keeper has had instruction on the Welfare Code .
the regulations require that : any person who keeps any livestock on agricultural land , or who knowingly causes or [lets/allows] any livestock to be so kept , must ensure that anybody attending the stock has access to the relevant welfare code , is aware of its provisions and ( after 1.1.92 ) if they are attending the stock on behalf of the keeper has had instruction on the welfare code .

Where information technology permits operational integration across borders , other forms of technology are transforming what happens within each operation .
where information technology [lets/allows] operational integration across borders , other forms of technology are transforming what happens within each operation .

It permits homes to be locked up at night , although it states : ‘ On no account should children be locked into their bedrooms at night whatever their age and competence .
it [lets/allows] homes to be locked up at night , although it states : ‘ on no account should children be locked into their bedrooms at night whatever their age and competence .

This permits future informed reproductive planning , avoids diagnostic complications and delays , and allows planning of care for the affected boy .
this [lets/allows] future informed reproductive planning , avoids diagnostic complications and delays , and allows planning of care for the affected boy .

The article fails to emphasise the two most important tenets of safe prescribing of aminoglycosides — namely , that they should be used only if clinically justified and that they should be stopped as soon as the patient 's condition permits .
the article fails to emphasise the two most important tenets of safe prescribing of aminoglycosides — namely , that they should be used only if clinically justified and that they should be stopped as soon as the patient 's condition [lets/allows] .

Admitting someone to hospital for respite care permits review of their problems — medical or otherwise — and drug regimens .
admitting someone to hospital for respite care [lets/allows] review of their problems — medical or otherwise — and drug regimens .

As we saw in Chapter 2 the expansion of large capital intensive firms has been promoted in a flexible industrial structure which permits them to adjust quickly to changes in demand .
as we saw in chapter 2 the expansion of large capital intensive firms has been promoted in a flexible industrial structure which [lets/allows] them to adjust quickly to changes in demand .

In the discussion surrounding the foundation list the Cockcroft Committee stressed `` We believe too that , as a necessary accompaniment to the list we have given , it is important to have the feeling for number which permits sensible estimation and approximation … `` .
in the discussion surrounding the foundation list the cockcroft committee stressed `` we believe too that , as a necessary accompaniment to the list we have given , it is important to have the feeling for number which [lets/allows] sensible estimation and approximation … `` .

However section 19 permits the constable to seize anything on the premises if he has reasonable grounds for believing either that it has been obtained in consequence of the commission of an offence or that it is evidence in relation to an offence which he is investigating or any other offence .
however section 19 [lets/allows] the constable to seize anything on the premises if he has reasonable grounds for believing either that it has been obtained in consequence of the commission of an offence or that it is evidence in relation to an offence which he is investigating or any other offence .

Secondly , the procedure can be divorced from the normal day/night cycle , and thereby allow insemination of eggs at a time which permits study of a subsequent developmental stage during normal working hours .
secondly , the procedure can be divorced from the normal day/night cycle , and thereby allow insemination of eggs at a time which [lets/allows] study of a subsequent developmental stage during normal working hours .

If space permits it has been suggested that some departmental stocks of general reading books should be kept centrally , however this would be reviewed periodically as our long term aims for the library are achieved .
if space [lets/allows] it has been suggested that some departmental stocks of general reading books should be kept centrally , however this would be reviewed periodically as our long term aims for the library are achieved .

However , the evaluators are not satisfied that they have built up a picture of library use which permits them to be confident in drawing firm conclusions about the project 's success in these terms .
however , the evaluators are not satisfied that they have built up a picture of library use which [lets/allows] them to be confident in drawing firm conclusions about the project 's success in these terms .

At least once each year they should be invited to an event which permits them to keep abreast of both general and particular developments in their field of interest .
at least once each year they should be invited to an event which [lets/allows] them to keep abreast of both general and particular developments in their field of interest .

This would permit the recruitment of a labour force which matches approximately the nursing workload and permits the deployment of staff to each patient area on the basis of perceived need .
this would permit the recruitment of a labour force which matches approximately the nursing workload and [lets/allows] the deployment of staff to each patient area on the basis of perceived need .

This was steady , if less marked in the early years of Japanese rule , but in the 1920s a large increase in the number of publication permits issued by the authorities occurred .
this was steady , if less marked in the early years of japanese rule , but in the 1920s a large increase in the number of publication [lets/allows] issued by the authorities occurred .

The number of Korean language publication permits granted rose from 409 in 1920 to 1,466 in 1926 , to 2,383 in 1937 and to 2,749 in 1939 .
the number of korean language publication [lets/allows] granted rose from 409 in 1920 to 1,466 in 1926 , to 2,383 in 1937 and to 2,749 in 1939 .

And if a man permits his personal belief to distort , alter or transform historical fact , he can not expect others , whether or not they share his belief , to condone the process .
and if a man [lets/allows] his personal belief to distort , alter or transform historical fact , he can not expect others , whether or not they share his belief , to condone the process .

The same principle obtains if a man permits his personal belief to derange dramatically the laws of probability and what we know of human nature .
the same principle obtains if a man [lets/allows] his personal belief to derange dramatically the laws of probability and what we know of human nature .

The final mode eliminates all official involvement and permits the plaintiff or his agent to send the documents , with some appropriate means of obtaining confirmation of their delivery , by post .
the final mode eliminates all official involvement and [lets/allows] the plaintiff or his agent to send the documents , with some appropriate means of obtaining confirmation of their delivery , by post .

Where the writ is to be served in a Hague Convention country the writ may be served under this rule through the Central Authority of that country or , if the law of that country permits , through the judicial authorities of that country or through a British consular authority there .
where the writ is to be served in a hague convention country the writ may be served under this rule through the central authority of that country or , if the law of that country [lets/allows] , through the judicial authorities of that country or through a british consular authority there .

However , Article 27 ( a ) permits a State to declare that it will accept transmission of Letters of Request to its judicial authorities by other channels ( no State has done so ) ; Article 28 ( a ) enables two or more Contracting States to make other arrangements inter se ; and Article 32 protects existing bilateral Conventions .
however , article 27 ( a ) [lets/allows] a state to declare that it will accept transmission of letters of request to its judicial authorities by other channels ( no state has done so ) ; article 28 ( a ) enables two or more contracting states to make other arrangements inter se ; and article 32 protects existing bilateral conventions .

It is noteworthy that newly amended s.62 permits , inter alia , market professionals to sue for insider dealing violations .
it is noteworthy that newly amended s.62 [lets/allows] , inter alia , market professionals to sue for insider dealing violations .

Addressing the public stigma of mental illness , which permits the unscrupulous to collude with vulnerable patients , is another .
addressing the public stigma of mental illness , which [lets/allows] the unscrupulous to collude with vulnerable patients , is another .

The pro-choice forces in the republic advised voters to vote ‘ yes ’ to travel abroad for abortion , ‘ yes ’ to receive information about abortion services ( both of which they did in large majorities ) , and ‘ no ’ on the ‘ substantive ’ issue because the preceding judgment in the Supreme Court was in fact more liberal : it permits abortion in Ireland if the woman threatens suicide .
the pro-choice forces in the republic advised voters to vote ‘ yes ’ to travel abroad for abortion , ‘ yes ’ to receive information about abortion services ( both of which they did in large majorities ) , and ‘ no ’ on the ‘ substantive ’ issue because the preceding judgment in the supreme court was in fact more liberal : it [lets/allows] abortion in ireland if the woman threatens suicide .

On his saint 's day she summons him into her inmost boudoir , dismisses her girls , permits him to braid her hair and for a moment to fondle her breasts .
on his saint 's day she summons him into her inmost boudoir , dismisses her girls , [lets/allows] him to braid her hair and for a moment to fondle her breasts .

At the dream 's end he permits her messengers to find him .
at the dream 's end he [lets/allows] her messengers to find him .

Witches chairman Dave Pavitt said last night : ‘ The Speedway Control Board , who liaise with the Speedway Riders ’ Association over work permits , were happy for us to have a permit for Polish rider Miroslaw Kowalik .
witches chairman dave pavitt said last night : ‘ the speedway control board , who liaise with the speedway riders ’ association over work [lets/allows] , were happy for us to have a permit for polish rider miroslaw kowalik .

No finer example of this can be seen than Castle Acre Priory , 1935 , in which the gaunt power of the medieval ruins is starkly silhouetted against the sky , and he permits himself a rare range of tonal contrast .
no finer example of this can be seen than castle acre priory , 1935 , in which the gaunt power of the medieval ruins is starkly silhouetted against the sky , and he [lets/allows] himself a rare range of tonal contrast .

The Peter Welton Paper Stretcher permits wet-in-wet painting without fear of the paper buckling , or the need to use gum strip .
the peter welton paper stretcher [lets/allows] wet-in-wet painting without fear of the paper buckling , or the need to use gum strip .

When time permits part of the class may be given over to considering past examination questions .
when time [lets/allows] part of the class may be given over to considering past examination questions .

General Accident will insure you for all sums which you may be held legally liable to pay for death or injury to other persons or damage to their property , as a result of any accident involving any motor cycle which your certificate of motor insurance permits you to drive or use .
general accident will insure you for all sums which you may be held legally liable to pay for death or injury to other persons or damage to their property , as a result of any accident involving any motor cycle which your certificate of motor insurance [lets/allows] you to drive or use .

This would mean that Non-Domestic Rates , Service Accounts , Cash and Enquiry Office , Council Tax Control Team , Parking Permits and Support Services would be grouped together under the direct supervision of the Assistant Director .
this would mean that non-domestic rates , service accounts , cash and enquiry office , council tax control team , parking [lets/allows] and support services would be grouped together under the direct supervision of the assistant director .

There has been a big investment in a high-speed fibre optic network , which permits very high speeds of communication not formerly feasible .
there has been a big investment in a high-speed fibre optic network , which [lets/allows] very high speeds of communication not formerly feasible .

This permits opportunities for specialised or interdisciplinary research which are outstanding .
this [lets/allows] opportunities for specialised or interdisciplinary research which are outstanding .

This course permits students with a general qualification in biology at degree level to undertake further study in specific areas of biological science up to a standard roughly equivalent to a specialised Honours degree .
this course [lets/allows] students with a general qualification in biology at degree level to undertake further study in specific areas of biological science up to a standard roughly equivalent to a specialised honours degree .

Moreover , approximately 50 per cent of the city is open spaces — the Queen 's Park , Arthur 's Seat , and a variety of public parks — while the relatively small overall size permits ready access to the surrounding countryside .
moreover , approximately 50 per cent of the city is open spaces — the queen 's park , arthur 's seat , and a variety of public parks — while the relatively small overall size [lets/allows] ready access to the surrounding countryside .

Business Studies and Economics permits the combination of two strongly complementary subjects .
business studies and economics [lets/allows] the combination of two strongly complementary subjects .

Economics and Economic History permits the wider and deeper study of economic history , with less emphasis on theoretical and quantitative aspects of economics .
economics and economic history [lets/allows] the wider and deeper study of economic history , with less emphasis on theoretical and quantitative aspects of economics .

The logic of transnational production either forbids , permits , or encourages backward linkages .
the logic of transnational production either forbids , [lets/allows] , or encourages backward linkages .

Despite the cheap Volta power ( and water supply ) that permits expansion on smelting , the TNCs refused to build an alumina plant to process local bauxite .
despite the cheap volta power ( and water supply ) that [lets/allows] expansion on smelting , the tncs refused to build an alumina plant to process local bauxite .

Enzymatic digestion of diseased tissue permits identification and immunofluorescent labelling of a cell subset displaying inflammatory cell morphology .
enzymatic digestion of diseased tissue [lets/allows] identification and immunofluorescent labelling of a cell subset displaying inflammatory cell morphology .

Decentralization permits each locality to provide itself with the quantity of the good it prefers .
decentralization [lets/allows] each locality to provide itself with the quantity of the good it prefers .

it permits the use of storage media such as magnetic tapes and optical disks which are essentially write-once media .
it [lets/allows] the use of storage media such as magnetic tapes and optical disks which are essentially write-once media .

it will estimate what can be achieved in 15 minutes and then carry out that activity before assessing whether time permits any further work to be achieved .
it will estimate what can be achieved in 15 minutes and then carry out that activity before assessing whether time [lets/allows] any further work to be achieved .

While various factors are taken into account , including improved marketing organisation or new initiatives to cater for export markets and size of the unit 's operations , a basic feature is that the unit must show a substantial and sustained increase in export earnings over three consecutive twelve monthly periods — the final year should end as near 31.10.89 as the unit 's accounting system permits and may not be earlier than 31.12.88 .
while various factors are taken into account , including improved marketing organisation or new initiatives to cater for export markets and size of the unit 's operations , a basic feature is that the unit must show a substantial and sustained increase in export earnings over three consecutive twelve monthly periods — the final year should end as near 31.10.89 as the unit 's accounting system [lets/allows] and may not be earlier than 31.12.88 .

The programme 's late time slot permits not only the good-natured lairiness , but also a fairly progressive play list policy , in many ways the opposite of Top Of The Hops in its championing of the unreleased and overlooked .
the programme 's late time slot [lets/allows] not only the good-natured lairiness , but also a fairly progressive play list policy , in many ways the opposite of top of the hops in its championing of the unreleased and overlooked .

The main focus of the statement was on the need to guarantee peace through enhanced regional economic integration in order to achieve `` a process at the national and regional level which permits an accelerated reconstruction and transformation of production and technology of the Central American countries as a base for the efficient and dynamic insertion of the region into the world market `` .
the main focus of the statement was on the need to guarantee peace through enhanced regional economic integration in order to achieve `` a process at the national and regional level which [lets/allows] an accelerated reconstruction and transformation of production and technology of the central american countries as a base for the efficient and dynamic insertion of the region into the world market `` .

The Estonian Supreme Soviet on June 27 passed a law which restricted immigration into Estonia from the rest of the Soviet Union , as well as from abroad , by establishing quotas for immigrants and introducing permanent and temporary residence permits .
the estonian supreme soviet on june 27 passed a law which restricted immigration into estonia from the rest of the soviet union , as well as from abroad , by establishing quotas for immigrants and introducing permanent and temporary residence [lets/allows] .

In an exercise which began on Nov. 13 , 1989 , all ethnic Somalis over 18 were required to report to special centres with proof of citizenship or residence permits .
in an exercise which began on nov. 13 , 1989 , all ethnic somalis over 18 were required to report to special centres with proof of citizenship or residence [lets/allows] .

Although some 4,200 residency permits were accordingly made available , it was reported that 30,000-40,000 such immigrants gathered at a greyhound stadium on March 29 where the applications were to be processed .
although some 4,200 residency [lets/allows] were accordingly made available , it was reported that 30,000-40,000 such immigrants gathered at a greyhound stadium on march 29 where the applications were to be processed .

The blockade was in protest at Austrian plans ( announced in June ) to reduce the volume of heavy goods traffic by banning night driving for lorries over 7.5 tonnes emitting noise levels over 80 decibels on transit motorways and parallel trunk roads as from Dec. 1 , and by delaying the granting of the annual quota of transit permits for lorries .
the blockade was in protest at austrian plans ( announced in june ) to reduce the volume of heavy goods traffic by banning night driving for lorries over 7.5 tonnes emitting noise levels over 80 decibels on transit motorways and parallel trunk roads as from dec. 1 , and by delaying the granting of the annual quota of transit [lets/allows] for lorries .

The Italian Transport Minister , Carlo Bernini , said on Sept. 19 that an agreement had been reached with the truck drivers ' union under which all drivers seeking transit permits would be able to cross until the end of the year .
the italian transport minister , carlo bernini , said on sept. 19 that an agreement had been reached with the truck drivers ' union under which all drivers seeking transit [lets/allows] would be able to cross until the end of the year .

On June 3 Soviet President Gorbachev , in the United States for a summit meeting with President Bush , warned Israel that he would consider suspending the issuing of exit permits for Soviet Jews if they continued to be settled in the occupied territories .
on june 3 soviet president gorbachev , in the united states for a summit meeting with president bush , warned israel that he would consider suspending the issuing of exit [lets/allows] for soviet jews if they continued to be settled in the occupied territories .

These mechanisms include pollution taxes and tradeable pollution permits .
these mechanisms include pollution taxes and tradeable pollution [lets/allows] .

If some of us despair at the seeming lack of real competition to them in Scotland , Hateley 's reaction permits not a whit of concern .
if some of us despair at the seeming lack of real competition to them in scotland , hateley 's reaction [lets/allows] not a whit of concern .

" God permits chance . "
" god [lets/allows] chance . "

This permits the use of probability theory to compare the nature and range of outcomes of activities and help to form judgements as to the best course of action in given circumstances .
this [lets/allows] the use of probability theory to compare the nature and range of outcomes of activities and help to form judgements as to the best course of action in given circumstances .

One of the advantages of the database approach is that it permits the sharing of data .
one of the advantages of the database approach is that it [lets/allows] the sharing of data .

They all had permits and the rules were strictly adhered to with a heavy fine for intruders .
they all had [lets/allows] and the rules were strictly adhered to with a heavy fine for intruders .

An ulterior motive for performing text recognition is to convert existing printed material into a computer format that permits further processing .
an ulterior motive for performing text recognition is to convert existing printed material into a computer format that [lets/allows] further processing .

Also , the interactive nature of such systems permits uncertainty about the input 's meaning to be resolved by asking the user to rephrase the question .
also , the interactive nature of such systems [lets/allows] uncertainty about the input 's meaning to be resolved by asking the user to rephrase the question .

The autonomous method permits the program to be written as separate modules , which both simplifies the program and allows parallel processing .
the autonomous method [lets/allows] the program to be written as separate modules , which both simplifies the program and allows parallel processing .

Anya permits herself a triumphant smirk as she passes the mirror ; Rainbow seems to have forgotten my existence .
anya [lets/allows] herself a triumphant smirk as she passes the mirror ; rainbow seems to have forgotten my existence .

People who make their living in the informal sector are also required to pay all kinds of petty taxes , including business licenses , market charges and fees to government officials before permits can be issued .
people who make their living in the informal sector are also required to pay all kinds of petty taxes , including business licenses , market charges and fees to government officials before [lets/allows] can be issued .

It has imposed an economic blockade , requiring permits for supplies and cutting off essentials like construction materials , tools and fertilizer .
it has imposed an economic blockade , requiring [lets/allows] for supplies and cutting off essentials like construction materials , tools and fertilizer .

What proportion of asylum seekers come into this country on visitors ' permits and then decide that they are in fear of persecution just as their permits come to an end ? Is not it easy to give those people advice ?
what proportion of asylum seekers come into this country on visitors ' [lets/allows] and then decide that they are in fear of persecution just as their [lets/allows] come to an end ? is not it easy to give those people advice ?

[ … ] When one looks merely at the situation after the resource has been monopolized by the entrepreneurial skill of the producer , one sees only a monopolist producer — exempt from competition to the extent his resource monopoly permits .
[ … ] when one looks merely at the situation after the resource has been monopolized by the entrepreneurial skill of the producer , one sees only a monopolist producer — exempt from competition to the extent his resource monopoly [lets/allows] .

This feature permits the investigation of a rich array of questions concerning individual 's labour market decisions .
this feature [lets/allows] the investigation of a rich array of questions concerning individual 's labour market decisions .

‘ But my lady , Lord fitzAlan is with the Queen now . If she permits it — and why should she not ? — then — ’
‘ but my lady , lord fitzalan is with the queen now . if she [lets/allows] it — and why should she not ? — then — ’

This serves to support some of the statements made in Section 12.5 and again emphasizes that a good index is one which permits effective retrieval .
this serves to support some of the statements made in section 12.5 and again emphasizes that a good index is one which [lets/allows] effective retrieval .

Specificity of a system is the extent to which it permits the indexer to be precise about the subject of a document .
specificity of a system is the extent to which it [lets/allows] the indexer to be precise about the subject of a document .

The alternative — faceted classification -requires only the listing of simple one-concept subjects ( from which notation for compound subjects can be constructed as necessary ) and permits much more succinct schedules .
the alternative — faceted classification -requires only the listing of simple one-concept subjects ( from which notation for compound subjects can be constructed as necessary ) and [lets/allows] much more succinct schedules .

The alphabetical notation used to designate main classes permits many of these to be included , as shown in Figure 14.5 .
the alphabetical notation used to designate main classes [lets/allows] many of these to be included , as shown in figure 14.5 .

Time ‘ … ’ permits date to be specified in detail or other features of time to be reflected .
time ‘ … ’ [lets/allows] date to be specified in detail or other features of time to be reflected .

This permits the entire variety of natural language to be reflected in the indexing , the strengths and weaknesses of natural language indexing deriving from this basic characteristic .
this [lets/allows] the entire variety of natural language to be reflected in the indexing , the strengths and weaknesses of natural language indexing deriving from this basic characteristic .

The assumption that most are of quartz permits computation of equivalent grain diameters .
the assumption that most are of quartz [lets/allows] computation of equivalent grain diameters .

The use of gridded photomicrographs printed to a convenient size permits analysis at the desk rather than down the microscope .
the use of gridded photomicrographs printed to a convenient size [lets/allows] analysis at the desk rather than down the microscope .

This permits reduction in quantities of cement and water required to give desirable properties such as workability , strength and durability potential .
this [lets/allows] reduction in quantities of cement and water required to give desirable properties such as workability , strength and durability potential .

For example , that Act permits them to offer money transmission services .
for example , that act [lets/allows] them to offer money transmission services .

The term syntagmatic was attached by Saussure to the sequential or combinatory relationships that a given language system permits : the relationship between the three sounds , for instance , that make up the word ‘ tree ’ , or the syntactical relationship between the words ‘ the tree is green ’ , and so on .
the term syntagmatic was attached by saussure to the sequential or combinatory relationships that a given language system [lets/allows] : the relationship between the three sounds , for instance , that make up the word ‘ tree ’ , or the syntactical relationship between the words ‘ the tree is green ’ , and so on .

Section 8 ( 1 ) of the Copyright Act 1956 , permits a person to make a record of a musical work for the purpose of its being sold retail , if he gives notice to the owner of the copyright and pays him a royalty of 6¼ per cent .
section 8 ( 1 ) of the copyright act 1956 , [lets/allows] a person to make a record of a musical work for the purpose of its being sold retail , if he gives notice to the owner of the copyright and pays him a royalty of 6¼ per cent .

7.1 Where gaps in provision are identified the council permits centres to submit Locally Devised Modules .
7.1 where gaps in provision are identified the council [lets/allows] centres to submit locally devised modules .

Section 40 ( 1 ) of the Patents Act 1977 permits an employee inventor to apply to either tribunal for a single or periodic award of compensation over and above the salary he is already earning .
section 40 ( 1 ) of the patents act 1977 [lets/allows] an employee inventor to apply to either tribunal for a single or periodic award of compensation over and above the salary he is already earning .

From September 1990 , this index has been entered on a compute database which permits more advanced searches and improves ease of retrieval .
from september 1990 , this index has been entered on a compute database which [lets/allows] more advanced searches and improves ease of retrieval .

If ( 15 ) and ( 17 ) provide only weak and uncertain support for the " emphasis " solution , the cases in ( 18 ) count as very strong evidence against it ; in ( 18 ) no amount of determination to treat the adjectives as emphatic permits them to become postnominal : ( 18 ) a child intelligent could do that in five minutes the juggler skilful wanted a pay raise cranes squeaky were soon unloading the cargo Some further explanation is therefore clearly needed .
if ( 15 ) and ( 17 ) provide only weak and uncertain support for the " emphasis " solution , the cases in ( 18 ) count as very strong evidence against it ; in ( 18 ) no amount of determination to treat the adjectives as emphatic [lets/allows] them to become postnominal : ( 18 ) a child intelligent could do that in five minutes the juggler skilful wanted a pay raise cranes squeaky were soon unloading the cargo some further explanation is therefore clearly needed .

October 1990 : Nationwide operation against foreigners staying in Hungary without residence permits .
october 1990 : nationwide operation against foreigners staying in hungary without residence [lets/allows] .

Four other cases , brought on Sept. 10 and 12 , involved the improper grant of a contract to oversee a power scheme , the export of Pakistani cotton at below market rates , the sale of property in Islamabad worth £150,000,000 for a mere £500,000 to a foreign company managed by associates of her husband , Asif Ali Zardari , and the improper granting of permits to a close relation and to a friend enabling them to distribute liquified gas .
four other cases , brought on sept. 10 and 12 , involved the improper grant of a contract to oversee a power scheme , the export of pakistani cotton at below market rates , the sale of property in islamabad worth £150,000,000 for a mere £500,000 to a foreign company managed by associates of her husband , asif ali zardari , and the improper granting of [lets/allows] to a close relation and to a friend enabling them to distribute liquified gas .

On Oct. 14 Egypt 's state-controlled Middle East News Agency reported that of the 90,000 Egyptians currently residing in Jordan , some 70,000 without work permits were to be fined and deported .
on oct. 14 egypt 's state-controlled middle east news agency reported that of the 90,000 egyptians currently residing in jordan , some 70,000 without work [lets/allows] were to be fined and deported .

The disturbances began after squatters in the Koy-ye Tolab suburb attacked municipal officials who were checking construction permits .
the disturbances began after squatters in the koy-ye tolab suburb attacked municipal officials who were checking construction [lets/allows] .

Export permits currently in force were to be withdrawn .
export [lets/allows] currently in force were to be withdrawn .

Electronically stored documents are admissible in court , but because computer technology permits documents stored on such to be edited without leaving any trace , there is the danger that if the identity of the sender of the content of the document is disputed it will be impossible to prove to the court 's satisfaction that the message is authentic .
electronically stored documents are admissible in court , but because computer technology [lets/allows] documents stored on such to be edited without leaving any trace , there is the danger that if the identity of the sender of the content of the document is disputed it will be impossible to prove to the court 's satisfaction that the message is authentic .

It permits right context effects of the type reported by Warren & Sherman ( 1974 ) where listeners tended to hear differently depending on whether the following phrase was : — eel of the shoe , of the orange , of the car , etc .
it [lets/allows] right context effects of the type reported by warren & sherman ( 1974 ) where listeners tended to hear differently depending on whether the following phrase was : — eel of the shoe , of the orange , of the car , etc .

The chart framework permits any of these strategies to be implemented .
the chart framework [lets/allows] any of these strategies to be implemented .

It also permits us to understand why only to is used with a verb such as discern : ( 49 ) We discerned it to be a man .
it also [lets/allows] us to understand why only to is used with a verb such as discern : ( 49 ) we discerned it to be a man .

Similar examples can be found with the verb permit : ( 213 ) The second agreement permits the authority to sell a 520-acre tract west of Stage 1 .
similar examples can be found with the verb permit : ( 213 ) the second agreement [lets/allows] the authority to sell a 520-acre tract west of stage 1 .

No farther into France than 30 miles from the German border is the directive and , luckily for us , this law permits the Riesling to flourish in Alsace .
no farther into france than 30 miles from the german border is the directive and , luckily for us , this law [lets/allows] the riesling to flourish in alsace .

The chief function of the Apolline elements is to shield the spectator against the full impact of the music ; and it is actually the presence of this shield that permits the highest potential of music to be realized .
the chief function of the apolline elements is to shield the spectator against the full impact of the music ; and it is actually the presence of this shield that [lets/allows] the highest potential of music to be realized .

6 The machines permits up to 100% participation .
6 the machines [lets/allows] up to 100% participation .

Continuous progress permits students to advance in a course at their own pace .
continuous progress [lets/allows] students to advance in a course at their own pace .

Teacher " Permits — Student " Permits per'mit .
teacher " [lets/allows] — student " [lets/allows] per'mit .

Its long half life ( 67 hours ) permits faecal excretion studies , which are considered by some as the ‘ gold standard ’ parameter of disease activity in Crohn 's disease .
its long half life ( 67 hours ) [lets/allows] faecal excretion studies , which are considered by some as the ‘ gold standard ’ parameter of disease activity in crohn 's disease .

Four channel manometry of the oesophagus with sensors located at 20 , 15 , 10 , and 5 cm above the lower oesophageal sphincter permits analysis of contraction characteristics for different parts of the tubular oesophagus .
four channel manometry of the oesophagus with sensors located at 20 , 15 , 10 , and 5 cm above the lower oesophageal sphincter [lets/allows] analysis of contraction characteristics for different parts of the tubular oesophagus .

The existence of either permits the creation of the other .
the existence of either [lets/allows] the creation of the other .

This permits the direct comparison of the rates of return of any number of competing investments .
this [lets/allows] the direct comparison of the rates of return of any number of competing investments .

This permits the use of probability theory to compare the nature and range of outcomes of activities and help to form judgements as to the best course of action in given circumstances .
this [lets/allows] the use of probability theory to compare the nature and range of outcomes of activities and help to form judgements as to the best course of action in given circumstances .

The quota system , which critics claim permits poached ivory to enter legal trade , was set up as African elephant numbers fell from an estimated 1.3 million in 1979 to about 600,000 today .
the quota system , which critics claim [lets/allows] poached ivory to enter legal trade , was set up as african elephant numbers fell from an estimated 1.3 million in 1979 to about 600,000 today .

It is an emphatic enclosure : the more so because it permits movement , through its mouth , between outside and inside .
it is an emphatic enclosure : the more so because it [lets/allows] movement , through its mouth , between outside and inside .

Coiling the wire into a loop permits directional flow of the magnetic flux through the loop .
coiling the wire into a loop [lets/allows] directional flow of the magnetic flux through the loop .

In nature , the packing , the pushing and the pulling rarely permits curves of constant radius .
in nature , the packing , the pushing and the pulling rarely [lets/allows] curves of constant radius .

Indeed such a force exists and permits atoms to assemble into molecules by sharing some of their electrons , while their nuclei have short range repulsion .
indeed such a force exists and [lets/allows] atoms to assemble into molecules by sharing some of their electrons , while their nuclei have short range repulsion .

So the human being seeks variations within a theme of symmetry : a sensitive balance of dissimilar forces … we seek an equilibrium , an order , that permits variety yet is not chaos .
so the human being seeks variations within a theme of symmetry : a sensitive balance of dissimilar forces … we seek an equilibrium , an order , that [lets/allows] variety yet is not chaos .

Note : Given adequate clues , the human facility for making due allowance for effects of perspective permits the designing of architectural elevations by orthogonal means .
note : given adequate clues , the human facility for making due allowance for effects of perspective [lets/allows] the designing of architectural elevations by orthogonal means .

Their abstraction permits the use of graphic forms as a means of research comparable with , though less stimulating and more contemplative than , music .
their abstraction [lets/allows] the use of graphic forms as a means of research comparable with , though less stimulating and more contemplative than , music .

An open form , with even the tiniest of openings , invites entry and permits a continuity of inside and outside space .
an open form , with even the tiniest of openings , invites entry and [lets/allows] a continuity of inside and outside space .

Open plan design permits free flow between outside and inside , yet demands both internal and external skins .
open plan design [lets/allows] free flow between outside and inside , yet demands both internal and external skins .

The interval permits time for contemplation and anticipation .
the interval [lets/allows] time for contemplation and anticipation .

Many heads of households kept small archives of letters , contracts , old permits and licences and photographs .
many heads of households kept small archives of letters , contracts , old [lets/allows] and licences and photographs .

The world would be a more stable and therefore a better place if we extinguished ourselves in the same place where we first saw the light of day , and if we spent the intervening time in as small a circumference as a day 's walking permits .
the world would be a more stable and therefore a better place if we extinguished ourselves in the same place where we first saw the light of day , and if we spent the intervening time in as small a circumference as a day 's walking [lets/allows] .

The Libyan authorities , after causing concern by delaying exit permits , are now freely issuing papers to allow expatriates to leave by land .
the libyan authorities , after causing concern by delaying exit [lets/allows] , are now freely issuing papers to allow expatriates to leave by land .

If , as they fervently hope , Waqar Younis has recovered sufficiently from the stress fracture in his back to bowl as he did in taking 113 first-class wickets last season at a cost of 14 each — a wicket for every 30 balls he bowled — and Imran 's shoulder injury permits him , after all , to play as more than just a batsman-captain , theirs will be a fast bowling attack as strong , at least on paper , as any the West Indies had during the 16 years of world supremacy which came to an end here last summer .
if , as they fervently hope , waqar younis has recovered sufficiently from the stress fracture in his back to bowl as he did in taking 113 first-class wickets last season at a cost of 14 each — a wicket for every 30 balls he bowled — and imran 's shoulder injury [lets/allows] him , after all , to play as more than just a batsman-captain , theirs will be a fast bowling attack as strong , at least on paper , as any the west indies had during the 16 years of world supremacy which came to an end here last summer .

This permits people to be punished for crimes that are assumed to have taken place , and of which the suspect is assumed to be guilty , without any formalities of proof , evidence or charges .
this [lets/allows] people to be punished for crimes that are assumed to have taken place , and of which the suspect is assumed to be guilty , without any formalities of proof , evidence or charges .

The same Act permits marriages between in-laws , subject to the same provisos , and also provided that the former spouses have died .
the same act [lets/allows] marriages between in-laws , subject to the same provisos , and also provided that the former spouses have died .

The Wright amendment , named after a former speaker of the House , Jim Wright , permits flights leaving Dallas 's Love Field to fly only to cities in Texas and four neighbouring states .
the wright amendment , named after a former speaker of the house , jim wright , [lets/allows] flights leaving dallas 's love field to fly only to cities in texas and four neighbouring states .

The permits would then be allocated by an international agency to governments .
the [lets/allows] would then be allocated by an international agency to governments .

Countries whose emissions exceeded their allocations would be obliged to buy ( or perhaps lease ) permits from countries whose output of carbon dioxide fell below their allowance .
countries whose emissions exceeded their allocations would be obliged to buy ( or perhaps lease ) [lets/allows] from countries whose output of carbon dioxide fell below their allowance .

The permits could be traded for what the seller wanted — technology , energy-efficiency equipment , development programmes , and so on .
the [lets/allows] could be traded for what the seller wanted — technology , energy-efficiency equipment , development programmes , and so on .

In that way , the rich polluters would be obliged to pay for their excesses through a transfer of technology and wealth to the poor , who in time would come under pressure themselves not to allow their emissions to reach levels which would force them to buy permits .
in that way , the rich polluters would be obliged to pay for their excesses through a transfer of technology and wealth to the poor , who in time would come under pressure themselves not to allow their emissions to reach levels which would force them to buy [lets/allows] .

So they take advantage of a rule that permits them to spend money left over from their campaigns on themselves .
so they take advantage of a rule that [lets/allows] them to spend money left over from their campaigns on themselves .

Every month the authorities are issuing up to 14,000 new business permits , many of them for shops and stalls .
every month the authorities are issuing up to 14,000 new business [lets/allows] , many of them for shops and stalls .

Where cost permits , some units are now being shifted eastward .
where cost [lets/allows] , some units are now being shifted eastward .

The National Co-operative Research Act of 1984 permits companies to do joint research without running the risk of treble damages from civil antitrust suits .
the national co-operative research act of 1984 [lets/allows] companies to do joint research without running the risk of treble damages from civil antitrust suits .

‘ God permits no power on earth — neither terrorism , nor any form of evil , nor even death itself — to have the last word . ’
‘ god [lets/allows] no power on earth — neither terrorism , nor any form of evil , nor even death itself — to have the last word . ’

Camping is allowed where space permits .
camping is allowed where space [lets/allows] .

Article 38 permits the government to rule by decree .
article 38 [lets/allows] the government to rule by decree .

Driving licences and permits — All drivers must be at least 21 years of age ( 23 in Greece ) and must produce a valid national driving licence , held for at least a year , when taking delivery of the car .
driving licences and [lets/allows] — all drivers must be at least 21 years of age ( 23 in greece ) and must produce a valid national driving licence , held for at least a year , when taking delivery of the car .

Permits are required , ask our local representative for details .
[lets/allows] are required , ask our local representative for details .

Fishing : Keen fishermen should bring their own tackle as the Wolfgangsee is renowned for its fishing ( permits required ) .
fishing : keen fishermen should bring their own tackle as the wolfgangsee is renowned for its fishing ( [lets/allows] required ) .

Fishing : Can be arranged , bring your own tackle , permits required .
fishing : can be arranged , bring your own tackle , [lets/allows] required .

Fishing : Permits can be obtained from the Tourist Office for trout fishing ; bring your own tackle .
fishing : [lets/allows] can be obtained from the tourist office for trout fishing ; bring your own tackle .

Motivated by the belief that an improved course would bring in more members , the plans for 1915 included altering the 5th and 12th greens and ‘ if time permits ’ enlarging the 1st and 17th ( combined ) greens .
motivated by the belief that an improved course would bring in more members , the plans for 1915 included altering the 5th and 12th greens and ‘ if time [lets/allows] ’ enlarging the 1st and 17th ( combined ) greens .

The report should have said ‘ if war permits ’ for , by October 1915 when the Annual General Meeting was reported in the Standard it was only the third press account that year and it indicated the Club was in dire straits .
the report should have said ‘ if war [lets/allows] ’ for , by october 1915 when the annual general meeting was reported in the standard it was only the third press account that year and it indicated the club was in dire straits .

Nonetheless an evolutionary approach to human social life permits a broad perspective in which the emergence of the social psychological domain from the biological can be traced .
nonetheless an evolutionary approach to human social life [lets/allows] a broad perspective in which the emergence of the social psychological domain from the biological can be traced .

If space permits , always buy a garage a little larger than you really need , in case you acquire a larger car one day .
if space [lets/allows] , always buy a garage a little larger than you really need , in case you acquire a larger car one day .

And , as soon as time and money permits , buy a more comfortable pair .
and , as soon as time and money [lets/allows] , buy a more comfortable pair .

Concern over the trade in wild plants has been heightened by the activities of Henry Azadehdel , who was jailed in Britain this year for smuggling orchids taken from the wild and imported without the proper permits .
concern over the trade in wild plants has been heightened by the activities of henry azadehdel , who was jailed in britain this year for smuggling orchids taken from the wild and imported without the proper [lets/allows] .

The National Farmers ' Union Council backed the idea of licences , with penalties of up to £2,000 and the refusal of future permits for offenders .
the national farmers ' union council backed the idea of licences , with penalties of up to £2,000 and the refusal of future [lets/allows] for offenders .

For this faction , the term ‘ just war ’ has secular as well as religious appeal , an ambiguity which permits them to communicate their cause in direct fashion to left-wing British and right-wing American groups at one and the same time .
for this faction , the term ‘ just war ’ has secular as well as religious appeal , an ambiguity which [lets/allows] them to communicate their cause in direct fashion to left-wing british and right-wing american groups at one and the same time .

In February this year , the Minister of Law and Order declared that the government would not repeal its most notorious detention law , section 29 of the Internal Security Act , which permits indefinite , incommunicado detention in solitary confinement for the purposes of interrogation .
in february this year , the minister of law and order declared that the government would not repeal its most notorious detention law , section 29 of the internal security act , which [lets/allows] indefinite , incommunicado detention in solitary confinement for the purposes of interrogation .

It takes its structure from a set of correspondences between elements and persons , and the old definition of temperament as a mixture of qualities is present to the reader 's mind — the same definition that permits us to think of Faussone as a part of Levi , or as his alter ego .
it takes its structure from a set of correspondences between elements and persons , and the old definition of temperament as a mixture of qualities is present to the reader 's mind — the same definition that [lets/allows] us to think of faussone as a part of levi , or as his alter ego .

You should therefore devise a clear plan with priorities , and introduce your livestock bit by bit as your fencing permits .
you should therefore devise a clear plan with priorities , and introduce your livestock bit by bit as your fencing [lets/allows] .

‘ Strip grazing ’ behind an electric fence permits the farmer to ration his grass at a fixed rate .
‘ strip grazing ’ behind an electric fence [lets/allows] the farmer to ration his grass at a fixed rate .

The government had long preferred these white ‘ aliens ’ ( with these low social costs ) to Commonwealth immigrants ( for example in 1969 the number of work permits issued to aliens was 67,788 compared to 3,512 vouchers for Commonwealth citizens ) .
the government had long preferred these white ‘ aliens ’ ( with these low social costs ) to commonwealth immigrants ( for example in 1969 the number of work [lets/allows] issued to aliens was 67,788 compared to 3,512 vouchers for commonwealth citizens ) .

This ignoring of non-European high culture and history may not seem important , but it is a part of the same ethos which permits the everyday culture of Asian life to be stamped on so viciously in schools .
this ignoring of non-european high culture and history may not seem important , but it is a part of the same ethos which [lets/allows] the everyday culture of asian life to be stamped on so viciously in schools .

As long as import licensing continues , the requisite permits to import from dollar sources ( Canada ) should , if necessary , be given .
as long as import licensing continues , the requisite [lets/allows] to import from dollar sources ( canada ) should , if necessary , be given .

Tony Mason , who has weighed up both the composition and the behaviour of Victorian and Edwardian football crowds as carefully as the sketchy evidence permits , suggests that skilled workers were disproportionately dominant within the crowd .
tony mason , who has weighed up both the composition and the behaviour of victorian and edwardian football crowds as carefully as the sketchy evidence [lets/allows] , suggests that skilled workers were disproportionately dominant within the crowd .

First , gathering , hunting , and fishing do not represent clearly different technological stages but always occur together so long as the environment permits the combination .
first , gathering , hunting , and fishing do not represent clearly different technological stages but always occur together so long as the environment [lets/allows] the combination .

Either it permits an obdurate East Berlin leadership to continue , at the risk of deeper disaffection among the population and growing isolation among its allies , or it encourages reform , and risks destroying the fragile foundations of East German statehood entirely .
either it [lets/allows] an obdurate east berlin leadership to continue , at the risk of deeper disaffection among the population and growing isolation among its allies , or it encourages reform , and risks destroying the fragile foundations of east german statehood entirely .

Ciba-Geigy is considering its Huningue works , Alsace , France , as a possible location for the Biotechnikum multi-purpose biotechnology centre , and is to submit building and operating permits to French authorities .
ciba-geigy is considering its huningue works , alsace , france , as a possible location for the biotechnikum multi-purpose biotechnology centre , and is to submit building and operating [lets/allows] to french authorities .

if no microorganisms are introduced , the regulatory permits may be easy to obtain ; and
if no microorganisms are introduced , the regulatory [lets/allows] may be easy to obtain ; and

As was noted earlier , proponents of specialization claim , among other things , that it permits a greater development of knowledge and/or skills , and that it facilitates liaison with other agencies through increased awareness of how other disciplines work .
as was noted earlier , proponents of specialization claim , among other things , that it [lets/allows] a greater development of knowledge and/or skills , and that it facilitates liaison with other agencies through increased awareness of how other disciplines work .

However , in an important concession , the legislation permits disputes to be handled not only by official trades unions and works councils but by ‘ any other organ ’ so empowered by the work collective .
however , in an important concession , the legislation [lets/allows] disputes to be handled not only by official trades unions and works councils but by ‘ any other organ ’ so empowered by the work collective .

The offence of incest is committed by a man who has sexual intercourse with a person whom he knows to be his granddaughter , daughter , sister or mother , and by a woman aged 16 or over who permits her grandfather , father , brother , or son to have sexual intercourse with her .
the offence of incest is committed by a man who has sexual intercourse with a person whom he knows to be his granddaughter , daughter , sister or mother , and by a woman aged 16 or over who [lets/allows] her grandfather , father , brother , or son to have sexual intercourse with her .

They often came into conflict with the local Transport Committees , formed from the local branches of the main transport unions , who correctly maintained that they alone had the right to issue permits for the movement of essential items which would otherwise have been held up in the dispute .
they often came into conflict with the local transport committees , formed from the local branches of the main transport unions , who correctly maintained that they alone had the right to issue [lets/allows] for the movement of essential items which would otherwise have been held up in the dispute .

We instruct ill local transport committees review permits which have been issued No trades council or Labour Party Council of action , strike committee or trade union branch has authority to deal with permits .
we instruct ill local transport committees review [lets/allows] which have been issued no trades council or labour party council of action , strike committee or trade union branch has authority to deal with [lets/allows] .

They have been able to work in government service , even in the army , and there has been no need for work permits .
they have been able to work in government service , even in the army , and there has been no need for work [lets/allows] .

The civil libertarians argue that testing permits the employer to delve deeply into an employee 's personal life ; a specimen can be analysed , without the subject 's knowledge , to reveal confidential medical conditions , such as epilepsy or pregnancy .
the civil libertarians argue that testing [lets/allows] the employer to delve deeply into an employee 's personal life ; a specimen can be analysed , without the subject 's knowledge , to reveal confidential medical conditions , such as epilepsy or pregnancy .

As the country found itself on the brink of a constitutional crisis , Mr Havel said the best way to avert such a crisis would be for President Husak to quit and for a strong prime minister to assume his authority temporarily , as the constitution permits .
as the country found itself on the brink of a constitutional crisis , mr havel said the best way to avert such a crisis would be for president husak to quit and for a strong prime minister to assume his authority temporarily , as the constitution [lets/allows] .

The Abortion Act of 1967 permits the termination of pregnancy by a registered practitioner subject to certain conditions . There are four main justifiable reasons which are :
the abortion act of 1967 [lets/allows] the termination of pregnancy by a registered practitioner subject to certain conditions . there are four main justifiable reasons which are :

Kinship is binding and permanent but permits no choice of personnel , the individual must accept the relatives he has .
kinship is binding and permanent but [lets/allows] no choice of personnel , the individual must accept the relatives he has .

It was almost impossible to obtain work permits .
it was almost impossible to obtain work [lets/allows] .

In the end , the State system of our own times scarcely permits the fashioning of new territorial entities .
in the end , the state system of our own times scarcely [lets/allows] the fashioning of new territorial entities .

There is a good boat and up to ten bank fishing permits are issued each day .
there is a good boat and up to ten bank fishing [lets/allows] are issued each day .

The bed should be as wide as space permits .
the bed should be as wide as space [lets/allows] .

In other cases , the doctor should , of course , seek to respect the patient 's wishes , since , in any event , the patient will be requesting the doctor to do only that which the law already requires and permits him to do , with perhaps some greater specificity as to detail .
in other cases , the doctor should , of course , seek to respect the patient 's wishes , since , in any event , the patient will be requesting the doctor to do only that which the law already requires and [lets/allows] him to do , with perhaps some greater specificity as to detail .

The doctor , to use George Fletcher 's language , merely ‘ permits ’ the patient to die .
the doctor , to use george fletcher 's language , merely ‘ [lets/allows] ’ the patient to die .

The pipe must not pass through the foundations and should enter the external wall of the house through a sleeve which permits movement , and then lead to a meter which controls the volume and pressure .
the pipe must not pass through the foundations and should enter the external wall of the house through a sleeve which [lets/allows] movement , and then lead to a meter which controls the volume and pressure .

If Imran sows the seeds of a five-man Pakistan attack capable , in years to come , of dismissing sides consistently within 50 overs , he could easily revolutionise future World cups — certainly in Australia . He would set the television programmers ' schedule on its head ! What will the Pakistani captain be proposing next ? Perhaps the replacement of the flawed philosophy which permits the best batsmen in a team to bat for an unlimited number of deliveries , but restricts the number of overs the best bowlers in a side can send down ? Surely he would not dare to ask that Akram and Waquar Younis be permitted 25 overs each and that a little life be left in pitches which are now the equivalent of a moribund second-day Test strip ?
if imran sows the seeds of a five-man pakistan attack capable , in years to come , of dismissing sides consistently within 50 overs , he could easily revolutionise future world cups — certainly in australia . he would set the television programmers ' schedule on its head ! what will the pakistani captain be proposing next ? perhaps the replacement of the flawed philosophy which [lets/allows] the best batsmen in a team to bat for an unlimited number of deliveries , but restricts the number of overs the best bowlers in a side can send down ? surely he would not dare to ask that akram and waquar younis be permitted 25 overs each and that a little life be left in pitches which are now the equivalent of a moribund second-day test strip ?

However , the practice is condemned in a recent announcement made by the Vatican on Respect for Human Life in its Origins and on the Dignity of Procreation , which permits a child to be conceived only as a result of intercourse within marriage .
however , the practice is condemned in a recent announcement made by the vatican on respect for human life in its origins and on the dignity of procreation , which [lets/allows] a child to be conceived only as a result of intercourse within marriage .

Day permits are available for fishing its waters .
day [lets/allows] are available for fishing its waters .

Given the disparate investment pattern in the North Side , which appears to favour areas previously showing a greater tendency to revitalise , and an investment strategy that permits higher income rehabilitators to use government funds for revitalising increasingly fashionable homes , what guides programme investment in an alleged attempt to alleviate deprivation ?
given the disparate investment pattern in the north side , which appears to favour areas previously showing a greater tendency to revitalise , and an investment strategy that [lets/allows] higher income rehabilitators to use government funds for revitalising increasingly fashionable homes , what guides programme investment in an alleged attempt to alleviate deprivation ?

The files not only contained the family details of each child but also their Home Office permits , passports and other certificates .
the files not only contained the family details of each child but also their home office [lets/allows] , passports and other certificates .

Six Youth Allyah boys managed to secure emigration permits for Palestine .
six youth allyah boys managed to secure emigration [lets/allows] for palestine .

He has a remarkable feeling for , and ability to communicate , the sheer intoxication ( the only kind he permits himself ) of using words well .
he has a remarkable feeling for , and ability to communicate , the sheer intoxication ( the only kind he [lets/allows] himself ) of using words well .

In the case of parish , town or community councillor the declaration must be made before or at the first meeting of the council after his election , or if the council at that meeting so permits , before or at a later meeting fixed by the council .
in the case of parish , town or community councillor the declaration must be made before or at the first meeting of the council after his election , or if the council at that meeting so [lets/allows] , before or at a later meeting fixed by the council .

’ Short loans collections are often responsible for half of the total circulation of an academic library , and automated circulation analysis permits a high degree of accuracy in decisions on the quantities and loan status of titles retained there .
’ short loans collections are often responsible for half of the total circulation of an academic library , and automated circulation analysis [lets/allows] a high degree of accuracy in decisions on the quantities and loan status of titles retained there .

Remote storage , with rudimentary heating , lighting and shelving , permits a considerable reduction in the costs of housing stock , whilst sacrificing the facility of immediate access .
remote storage , with rudimentary heating , lighting and shelving , [lets/allows] a considerable reduction in the costs of housing stock , whilst sacrificing the facility of immediate access .

phrase originally meaning ‘ If the Virgin permits ’ ( Anglo-Saxon piga , a maiden ) .
phrase originally meaning ‘ if the virgin [lets/allows] ’ ( anglo-saxon piga , a maiden ) .

Nevertheless the philosophy of animal welfare by its very nature permits utilising other animals for human purposes , even if this means ( as it always does ) that most of these animals will experience pain , frustration and other harms , and even if it means , as it almost always does , that these animals will have their life terminated prematurely .
nevertheless the philosophy of animal welfare by its very nature [lets/allows] utilising other animals for human purposes , even if this means ( as it always does ) that most of these animals will experience pain , frustration and other harms , and even if it means , as it almost always does , that these animals will have their life terminated prematurely .

The very low emittance of these accelerators ( a measure of the size and angular spread of the beam ) also permits lasing on harmonics — pushing the laser output into the visible or ultraviolet .
the very low emittance of these accelerators ( a measure of the size and angular spread of the beam ) also [lets/allows] lasing on harmonics — pushing the laser output into the visible or ultraviolet .

This is probably one of the most difficult factors for the young diabetic to accept and undoubtedly a great advantage of continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion is that it permits the patient greater flexibility in relation to the timing of meals with manual boluses of insulin 30 minutes beforehand .
this is probably one of the most difficult factors for the young diabetic to accept and undoubtedly a great advantage of continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion is that it [lets/allows] the patient greater flexibility in relation to the timing of meals with manual boluses of insulin 30 minutes beforehand .

As in the previous example , this generalization then permits the approaching waves to have a continuous wave front for appropriate values of k and a .
as in the previous example , this generalization then [lets/allows] the approaching waves to have a continuous wave front for appropriate values of k and a .

Whenever the syntax is broken ( for example , if the editor permits a ‘ jump-cut ’ , or allows movement to ‘ cross the line ’ , or allows a camera to ‘ zoom back ’ on objects which are coming closer ) , the viewer is disorientated .
whenever the syntax is broken ( for example , if the editor [lets/allows] a ‘ jump-cut ’ , or allows movement to ‘ cross the line ’ , or allows a camera to ‘ zoom back ’ on objects which are coming closer ) , the viewer is disorientated .

Permits can be obtained in the hotel without charge to residents .
[lets/allows] can be obtained in the hotel without charge to residents .

Opponents of the change were assured that permits would be issued only if wolf numbers suddenly improved .
opponents of the change were assured that [lets/allows] would be issued only if wolf numbers suddenly improved .

The correct choice of velocity for a particular leg length , he found , permits the swinging leg to lock straight just before impact , so it can use most of the energy gained from gravity in raising the body off the ground again .
the correct choice of velocity for a particular leg length , he found , [lets/allows] the swinging leg to lock straight just before impact , so it can use most of the energy gained from gravity in raising the body off the ground again .

The concho-spiral permits the animals growth without its shape changing , which is important to a coiled animal whose way of life does not change after metamorphosis ; it simply gets bigger .
the concho-spiral [lets/allows] the animals growth without its shape changing , which is important to a coiled animal whose way of life does not change after metamorphosis ; it simply gets bigger .

This permits them to build up a picture of how the weather is changing virtually anywhere on Earth .
this [lets/allows] them to build up a picture of how the weather is changing virtually anywhere on earth .

Humanity shall remain content to cut off further hopes of increased life enjoyment by permitting the continued dominance within the human race of the evolutionary law that requires for its operation that ( a ) , all surplus life must perish and ( b ) , the strongest shall be entitled to all that physical dominance permits them to take , regardless of the source of what is taken , and the cost to others .
humanity shall remain content to cut off further hopes of increased life enjoyment by permitting the continued dominance within the human race of the evolutionary law that requires for its operation that ( a ) , all surplus life must perish and ( b ) , the strongest shall be entitled to all that physical dominance [lets/allows] them to take , regardless of the source of what is taken , and the cost to others .

Humanity shall remain content to cut off further hopes of increased life enjoyment by permitting the continued dominance within the human race of the evolutionary law that requires for its operation that ( a ) all surplus life must perish , and ( b ) the strongest shall be entitled to all that physical dominance permits them to take , regardless of the source of what is taken , and the cost to others .
humanity shall remain content to cut off further hopes of increased life enjoyment by permitting the continued dominance within the human race of the evolutionary law that requires for its operation that ( a ) all surplus life must perish , and ( b ) the strongest shall be entitled to all that physical dominance [lets/allows] them to take , regardless of the source of what is taken , and the cost to others .

And it is the management of these fantasies , both his own and the work 's , that permits their partial gratification and gives literary pleasure ’ ( 1975 , p.52 ) .
and it is the management of these fantasies , both his own and the work 's , that [lets/allows] their partial gratification and gives literary pleasure ’ ( 1975 , p.52 ) .

Given an acceptable fee basis for a job , an accurate time-cost recording system should be adopted which permits analysis of fees .
given an acceptable fee basis for a job , an accurate time-cost recording system should be adopted which [lets/allows] analysis of fees .

Finally , as will be seen below , a restrictive view towards the use of companies may be a disincentive to expansion in so far as the corporate form permits greater flexibility in the raising of outside finance .
finally , as will be seen below , a restrictive view towards the use of companies may be a disincentive to expansion in so far as the corporate form [lets/allows] greater flexibility in the raising of outside finance .

It also permits installation and alteration of plant , roads and railways on industrial premises .
it also [lets/allows] installation and alteration of plant , roads and railways on industrial premises .

On the other hand it must be remembered that a more rapid turnover of light industry ( production of essential articles ) permits its capital also to be used to build up heavy industry , whilst developing light industry at the same time .
on the other hand it must be remembered that a more rapid turnover of light industry ( production of essential articles ) [lets/allows] its capital also to be used to build up heavy industry , whilst developing light industry at the same time .

Bacteria which normally divide and reproduce themselves every twenty minutes can also form themselves into environmentally resistant spores capable of lying dormant , even entombed in rock , for maybe millions of years before a change of circumstance permits their release with continued growth and reproduction . How can a cycle covering such an immense time-span have ever evolved out of random mutational steps ?
bacteria which normally divide and reproduce themselves every twenty minutes can also form themselves into environmentally resistant spores capable of lying dormant , even entombed in rock , for maybe millions of years before a change of circumstance [lets/allows] their release with continued growth and reproduction . how can a cycle covering such an immense time-span have ever evolved out of random mutational steps ?

The section on hardware hazards , instrumentation , reliability of process equipment , maintenance , commissioning , permits to work , training , management of safety etc , covers topics that are not adequately dealt with elsewhere and the author shows that this is where his expertise lies .
the section on hardware hazards , instrumentation , reliability of process equipment , maintenance , commissioning , [lets/allows] to work , training , management of safety etc , covers topics that are not adequately dealt with elsewhere and the author shows that this is where his expertise lies .

The presence of this second pair of cords is thought to be the secret behind the extraordinary purring mechanism that permits the animal to produce the soft , rumbling sound for minutes and even hours on end , without any effort and without opening the mouth .
the presence of this second pair of cords is thought to be the secret behind the extraordinary purring mechanism that [lets/allows] the animal to produce the soft , rumbling sound for minutes and even hours on end , without any effort and without opening the mouth .

The Charter of the University of Ulster permits the University ‘ to provide a range of courses of study , academic , professional , technical or other , at higher degree , degree and non-degree levels , leading as appropriate to qualifications awarded by the University or by national or professional bodies ’ .
the charter of the university of ulster [lets/allows] the university ‘ to provide a range of courses of study , academic , professional , technical or other , at higher degree , degree and non-degree levels , leading as appropriate to qualifications awarded by the university or by national or professional bodies ’ .

Mangon told them he had been unable to get work permits for a show at another venue .
mangon told them he had been unable to get work [lets/allows] for a show at another venue .

They also receive free copies of Push & Pull , the award winning quarterly magazine about the Worth Valley Railway ( worth £5.80 plus postage ) , and have the opportunity to purchase lineside photographic permits .
they also receive free copies of push & pull , the award winning quarterly magazine about the worth valley railway ( worth £5.80 plus postage ) , and have the opportunity to purchase lineside photographic [lets/allows] .

Video permits available .
video [lets/allows] available .

This non-specific approach means that public libraries in general benefit from the promotion , and flexibility and wide appeal of the material permits mass-marketing , and wide distribution and sales of materials .
this non-specific approach means that public libraries in general benefit from the promotion , and flexibility and wide appeal of the material [lets/allows] mass-marketing , and wide distribution and sales of materials .

The ability to visit libraries and information services , to sit in on programmes etc permits a sound basis for a valid advisory and consultancy role .
the ability to visit libraries and information services , to sit in on programmes etc [lets/allows] a sound basis for a valid advisory and consultancy role .

Nepal 's climbing permits , for example , require an undertaking that rubbish will be adequately disposed but it is rarely enforced .
nepal 's climbing [lets/allows] , for example , require an undertaking that rubbish will be adequately disposed but it is rarely enforced .

The intermediate , or dynamic , level is concerned with less frequent and often irregular events , e.g. a temporary lack of water because of fire , frost or excessive demand from an increasing populace . Characteristically , the data used may be more difficult to obtain and are usually more spatially aggregated ; modelling software which permits feedback loops is essential ;
the intermediate , or dynamic , level is concerned with less frequent and often irregular events , e.g. a temporary lack of water because of fire , frost or excessive demand from an increasing populace . characteristically , the data used may be more difficult to obtain and are usually more spatially aggregated ; modelling software which [lets/allows] feedback loops is essential ;

Where space permits , Sainsbury 's nutrition labels include information on energy , protein , carbohydrate and sugars , fat and saturates , fibre and sodium .
where space [lets/allows] , sainsbury 's nutrition labels include information on energy , protein , carbohydrate and sugars , fat and saturates , fibre and sodium .

For public buildings — shops , hotels , warehouses — proprietors have the responsibility to take adequate precautions against fire and there is legislation which permits inspection of premises to ensure that the necessary safety measures are enforced .
for public buildings — shops , hotels , warehouses — proprietors have the responsibility to take adequate precautions against fire and there is legislation which [lets/allows] inspection of premises to ensure that the necessary safety measures are enforced .

Then at national and international levels there is an elaborate network of telecommunication , sometimes incorporating the use of satellites , which permits rapid transworld communication .
then at national and international levels there is an elaborate network of telecommunication , sometimes incorporating the use of satellites , which [lets/allows] rapid transworld communication .

The nurse brings to the relationship a maturity which permits toleration of frustration if , for example , a patient is not at home when she makes a house call ; or if a patient does not take the prescribed medication ; or removes a dressing or falls out of bed .
the nurse brings to the relationship a maturity which [lets/allows] toleration of frustration if , for example , a patient is not at home when she makes a house call ; or if a patient does not take the prescribed medication ; or removes a dressing or falls out of bed .

A variety of educational software is available that permits children to practice academic skills and acquire new knowledge through discovery learning , reasoning , and problem solving .
a variety of educational software is available that [lets/allows] children to practice academic skills and acquire new knowledge through discovery learning , reasoning , and problem solving .

It permits them to write freely without having to struggle with handwriting , and they can plan and revise their work easily .
it [lets/allows] them to write freely without having to struggle with handwriting , and they can plan and revise their work easily .

Newborn testing takes only a few minutes and permits problems to be addressed early , preventing negative consequences for all aspects of psychological development .
newborn testing takes only a few minutes and [lets/allows] problems to be addressed early , preventing negative consequences for all aspects of psychological development .

It permits children to call on what they know about mental life to surmount cognitive and social challenges .
it [lets/allows] children to call on what they know about mental life to surmount cognitive and social challenges .

This suspension of seriousness in the face of officially serious issues , such as life and death , permits an individual to feel free and detached .
this suspension of seriousness in the face of officially serious issues , such as life and death , [lets/allows] an individual to feel free and detached .

The Constitution permits suspension of this protection in times of civil unrest—but fails to specify whether the president may act unilaterally in ordering suspension .
the constitution [lets/allows] suspension of this protection in times of civil unrest—but fails to specify whether the president may act unilaterally in ordering suspension .

The book of Exodus permits the purchase of a Hebrew slave , but after six years of service “ he shall go out free , for nothing. ” 10 There are people , the Bible recognizes , who prefer the condition of servitude :
the book of exodus [lets/allows] the purchase of a hebrew slave , but after six years of service “ he shall go out free , for nothing. ” 10 there are people , the bible recognizes , who prefer the condition of servitude :

It is as if the biosphere has managed to get itself to an energy per unit volume that permits the maximum expansion of molecular diversity and , thus , the maximum expansion of the workspace of the biosphere .
it is as if the biosphere has managed to get itself to an energy per unit volume that [lets/allows] the maximum expansion of molecular diversity and , thus , the maximum expansion of the workspace of the biosphere .

There is a sense in which classical objects are like the constraints on the release of energy that permits work to be done .
there is a sense in which classical objects are like the constraints on the release of energy that [lets/allows] work to be done .

In all cases , inquire first at tourist information offices about the necessary fishing permits .
in all cases , inquire first at tourist information offices about the necessary fishing [lets/allows] .

Having reached Sainte-Anne , you should certainly drive south for perhaps ten minutes , as far as the road permits , to the string of beautiful , deserted beaches known as Les Salines .
having reached sainte-anne , you should certainly drive south for perhaps ten minutes , as far as the road [lets/allows] , to the string of beautiful , deserted beaches known as les salines .

You will find more information and fishing permits available at the Directory of Fisheries in the tourist office building in Srinagar .
you will find more information and fishing [lets/allows] available at the directory of fisheries in the tourist office building in srinagar .

The tourist office in Delhi can provide information and permits for fishing in the Yamuna river and , similarly , the tourist office in Bangalore can be consulted if you wish to fish in the Cauvery river .
the tourist office in delhi can provide information and [lets/allows] for fishing in the yamuna river and , similarly , the tourist office in bangalore can be consulted if you wish to fish in the cauvery river .

Permits are required , and you will need to buy one separately for each lake .
[lets/allows] are required , and you will need to buy one separately for each lake .

You can get information about rental equipment and permits at the following places : for Ullswater , the Pooley Bridge and Glenridding tourist information centres ; for Bassenthwaite Lake , the National Park Information Centre in Keswick ; for Coniston Water , Coniston Gifts and Sports in Coniston ; and for Derwent Water , the Keswick Anglers Association .
you can get information about rental equipment and [lets/allows] at the following places : for ullswater , the pooley bridge and glenridding tourist information centres ; for bassenthwaite lake , the national park information centre in keswick ; for coniston water , coniston gifts and sports in coniston ; and for derwent water , the keswick anglers association .

Its dense , oxygen-rich atmosphere helps those with heart and respiratory problems ; the low altitude permits psoriasis sufferers to expose their skin to the sun for longer periods of time because the rays are less intense .
its dense , oxygen-rich atmosphere helps those with heart and respiratory problems ; the low altitude [lets/allows] psoriasis sufferers to expose their skin to the sun for longer periods of time because the rays are less intense .

Permits are easy to obtain , however , and reserved accommodation can be booked either in the lodges or in the official campgrounds Chandigarh The capital of the Punjab is just a stopover en route to Simla , or a half-way point en route to Kashmir .
[lets/allows] are easy to obtain , however , and reserved accommodation can be booked either in the lodges or in the official campgrounds chandigarh the capital of the punjab is just a stopover en route to simla , or a half-way point en route to kashmir .

Permits must be acquired for hiking or camping , but you can also see the interior on an inland motor tour .
[lets/allows] must be acquired for hiking or camping , but you can also see the interior on an inland motor tour .

There are four main “ show caves ” at Mulu — Deer , Lang ’ s , Clearwater , and Wind — as well as countless other “ wild caves , ” which are either too dangerous or too ecologically fragile to visit without special permits and qualified guides .
there are four main “ show caves ” at mulu — deer , lang ’ s , clearwater , and wind — as well as countless other “ wild caves , ” which are either too dangerous or too ecologically fragile to visit without special [lets/allows] and qualified guides .

The Balaton authorities also ensure that the lake is kept clean and calm by banning motor boats ( with exceptions that require special permits ) .
the balaton authorities also ensure that the lake is kept clean and calm by banning motor boats ( with exceptions that require special [lets/allows] ) .

Bhaktapur ’ s treasures are many , and if time permits you will be amply rewarded by allowing two half-days to wandering through its alleys .
bhaktapur ’ s treasures are many , and if time [lets/allows] you will be amply rewarded by allowing two half-days to wandering through its alleys .

Tourist offices have a brochure , “ Caza , ” which gives more information about where to go for good hunting and how to obtain the necessary permits .
tourist offices have a brochure , “ caza , ” which gives more information about where to go for good hunting and how to obtain the necessary [lets/allows] .

Both guides and permits can be arranged for by travel agencies , or at the National Park Headquarters , 3 km ( 2 miles ) south of Gillimanuk .
both guides and [lets/allows] can be arranged for by travel agencies , or at the national park headquarters , 3 km ( 2 miles ) south of gillimanuk .

At only 280 m ( about 900 ft ) above sea level , it is more a hill than a “ mountain. ” But a hike up the hill and down again permits a close look at old temples , grottoes with Buddhist statues , and refreshing forests .
at only 280 m ( about 900 ft ) above sea level , it is more a hill than a “ mountain. ” but a hike up the hill and down again [lets/allows] a close look at old temples , grottoes with buddhist statues , and refreshing forests .

For instance , the President 's proposal permits the Secretary to allocate funds as he sees fit , without regard to the original purpose of the appropriations .
for instance , the president 's proposal [lets/allows] the secretary to allocate funds as he sees fit , without regard to the original purpose of the appropriations .

In his self-assessment for the 2001 performance appraisal cycle , he stated that issuing grazing permits has progressed without any problem or backlogs and that permittees have not experienced any delays .
in his self-assessment for the 2001 performance appraisal cycle , he stated that issuing grazing [lets/allows] has progressed without any problem or backlogs and that permittees have not experienced any delays .

Serve current and future publics : Ensure the National Environmental Policy Act and environmental analyses are sufficient to sustain program decisions ; reduce threats to public health , safety , and property by completing deferred maintenance projects ; continue action on energy and mineral leases , permits , and claims ; implement BLM 's wild horse and burro national strategy in accordance with program directives ; and improve land , resource , and title information by participating in the development and implementation of bureauwide data standards .
serve current and future publics : ensure the national environmental policy act and environmental analyses are sufficient to sustain program decisions ; reduce threats to public health , safety , and property by completing deferred maintenance projects ; continue action on energy and mineral leases , [lets/allows] , and claims ; implement blm 's wild horse and burro national strategy in accordance with program directives ; and improve land , resource , and title information by participating in the development and implementation of bureauwide data standards .

Sections 607 and 609 Section 607 permits agencies , in complying with sections 603 and 604 , to provide either a quantifiable or numerical description of the effects of a rule or more general descriptive statements if quantification is not practicable or reliable .
sections 607 and 609 section 607 [lets/allows] agencies , in complying with sections 603 and 604 , to provide either a quantifiable or numerical description of the effects of a rule or more general descriptive statements if quantification is not practicable or reliable .

The TRI 's basic purpose is to inform the public of chemical hazards in their areas which in turn permits communities to respond to chemical spills and other emergencies.2 Enclosed is our assessment of the EPA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
the tri 's basic purpose is to inform the public of chemical hazards in their areas which in turn [lets/allows] communities to respond to chemical spills and other emergencies.2 enclosed is our assessment of the epa 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Examination of the sample and evaluation of the results permits correction of errors and other deficiencies found in the items sampled and the procedures and controls directly related to the items .
examination of the sample and evaluation of the results [lets/allows] correction of errors and other deficiencies found in the items sampled and the procedures and controls directly related to the items .

It also permits projections as to the quality of all invoices in the universe .
it also [lets/allows] projections as to the quality of all invoices in the universe .

REPORT QUALITY 8.36 The third reporting standard for performance audits is : The reports should be timely , fact-based , accurate , objective , convincing , clear , and as concise as the subject permits .
report quality 8.36 the third reporting standard for performance audits is : the reports should be timely , fact-based , accurate , objective , convincing , clear , and as concise as the subject [lets/allows] .

Such communication , which may be oral or written , is not a substitute for a final report , but it does alert officials to matters needing immediate attention and permits them to correct them before the final report is completed .
such communication , which may be oral or written , is not a substitute for a final report , but it does alert officials to matters needing immediate attention and [lets/allows] them to correct them before the final report is completed .

Reports should be prepared in language as clear and simple as the subject permits .
reports should be prepared in language as clear and simple as the subject [lets/allows] .

The New Disclosure Option final rule permits a mutual fund to offer investors a new disclosure document called a `` Aprofile , '' which summarizes key information GAO/OGC-98-40 about a fund 's investment strategies , risks , performance , and fees in a concise , standardized format .
the new disclosure option final rule [lets/allows] a mutual fund to offer investors a new disclosure document called a `` aprofile , '' which summarizes key information gao/ogc-98-40 about a fund 's investment strategies , risks , performance , and fees in a concise , standardized format .

A DOT official said that the Department permits the public to submit comments electronically on all of its proposed rules .
a dot official said that the department [lets/allows] the public to submit comments electronically on all of its proposed rules .

Some of the agencies ' web sites currently provide for such hypertext links , but not for comments on rules.7 For example , a button is provided at the end of each EPA press release that immediately permits the interested public to file a comment on the announcement .
some of the agencies ' web sites currently provide for such hypertext links , but not for comments on rules.7 for example , a button is provided at the end of each epa press release that immediately [lets/allows] the interested public to file a comment on the announcement .

As noted previously , DOT 's docket management system permits comments to be submitted electronically or on paper , allows the public to comment on other users ' comments , and permits access to a wide range of regulatory supporting materials .
as noted previously , dot 's docket management system [lets/allows] comments to be submitted electronically or on paper , allows the public to comment on other users ' comments , and [lets/allows] access to a wide range of regulatory supporting materials .

They also said that the current flexible arrangement permits agency officials to ensure that the use of IT in rulemaking is carried out within the agency 's overall IT strategic planning efforts .
they also said that the current flexible arrangement [lets/allows] agency officials to ensure that the use of it in rulemaking is carried out within the agency 's overall it strategic planning efforts .

Section 307 ( d ) ( 4 ) ( B ) ( i ) permits EPA to put documents in the rulemaking docket after the comment period is over .
section 307 ( d ) ( 4 ) ( b ) ( i ) [lets/allows] epa to put documents in the rulemaking docket after the comment period is over .

Pertinent information should be identified , captured , and distributed in a form and time frame that permits people to perform their duties efficiently .
pertinent information should be identified , captured , and distributed in a form and time frame that [lets/allows] people to perform their duties efficiently .

It can entail prospective and retrospective designs and it permits synthesis of many individual case studies undertaken at different times and in different sites .
it can entail prospective and retrospective designs and it [lets/allows] synthesis of many individual case studies undertaken at different times and in different sites .

The latter are helpful in retrospective cumulation as a means of obtaining information from the authors that permits an otherwise unusable case study to be included in the aggregation .
the latter are helpful in retrospective cumulation as a means of obtaining information from the authors that [lets/allows] an otherwise unusable case study to be included in the aggregation .

We might also be able to report the number of applications for housing construction permits and how many units suitable for low-income housing were coming on the market within 12 months .
we might also be able to report the number of applications for housing construction [lets/allows] and how many units suitable for low-income housing were coming on the market within 12 months .

From a macroeconomic perspective , any increase in saving up to the `` golden rule saving rate '' allows a nation to increase consumption in the long run.21 Below the golden rule rate , saving and investing more today permits increased consumption .
from a macroeconomic perspective , any increase in saving up to the `` golden rule saving rate '' allows a nation to increase consumption in the long run.21 below the golden rule rate , saving and investing more today [lets/allows] increased consumption .

The Court says today , through an unprecedented ( and indeed previously rejected ) interpretation of the Amendment , that we will not allow this restriction- and then , to add insult to injury , permits to stand a judgment that awards the general litigation funding that the statute does not contain .
the court says today , through an unprecedented ( and indeed previously rejected ) interpretation of the amendment , that we will not allow this restriction- and then , to add insult to injury , [lets/allows] to stand a judgment that awards the general litigation funding that the statute does not contain .

The technology used to capture and evaluate information in response to the RFP permits LSC to compile and assess key information about the delivery system at the program , state , regional , and national level .
the technology used to capture and evaluate information in response to the rfp [lets/allows] lsc to compile and assess key information about the delivery system at the program , state , regional , and national level .

Unrestricted Aliens The INA permits and facilitates travel outside of the United States by aliens eligible for LSC representation .
unrestricted aliens the ina [lets/allows] and facilitates travel outside of the united states by aliens eligible for lsc representation .

The Commission 's interpretation is the only interpretation which comports with the language and legislative history of the presence requirement and which permits full and meaningful representation to aliens eligible for legal assistance consistent with Congress ' purpose .
the commission 's interpretation is the only interpretation which comports with the language and legislative history of the presence requirement and which [lets/allows] full and meaningful representation to aliens eligible for legal assistance consistent with congress ' purpose .

This initiative permits LSC to distribute grant award letters electronically from a secure website .
this initiative [lets/allows] lsc to distribute grant award letters electronically from a secure website .

The project , funded by LSC and the Maine Bar Foundation , also permits the internet posting of briefs and other materials by Pine Tree staff to facilitate the representation of low-income clients by other providers and pro bono attorneys .
the project , funded by lsc and the maine bar foundation , also [lets/allows] the internet posting of briefs and other materials by pine tree staff to facilitate the representation of low-income clients by other providers and pro bono attorneys .

LABS METHOD METHOD TOTAL5 SUBMITTING TEST TYPE VALID DATA N LC50 CV % N LC50 CV % N LC50 CV % Pimephales promelas ( 96 h , 22EC ) 6 17 Pimephales promelas ( 24 h , 25EC ) 7 6 Ceriodaphnia dubia ( 48 h , 25EC ) 7 11 Mysidopsis bahia ( 96 h , 22EC ) 8 14 6 944 28.8 13 832 27.8 17 864 29.6 6 83211.5 6 83211.5 - - - 11 256 53.111 264 48.5 - - - 7 292 32.9 11 250 36.0 14 268 37.3 1 Interlaboratory study of toxicity test precision conducted in 1990 by the Environmental Monitoring Systems Laboratory - Cincinnati , U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , Cincinnati , Ohio 45268 , in cooperation with the states of New Jersey and North Carolina , and the Office of Water Enforcement and Permits , U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , Washington , DC .
labs method method total5 submitting test type valid data n lc50 cv % n lc50 cv % n lc50 cv % pimephales promelas ( 96 h , 22ec ) 6 17 pimephales promelas ( 24 h , 25ec ) 7 6 ceriodaphnia dubia ( 48 h , 25ec ) 7 11 mysidopsis bahia ( 96 h , 22ec ) 8 14 6 944 28.8 13 832 27.8 17 864 29.6 6 83211.5 6 83211.5 - - - 11 256 53.111 264 48.5 - - - 7 292 32.9 11 250 36.0 14 268 37.3 1 interlaboratory study of toxicity test precision conducted in 1990 by the environmental monitoring systems laboratory - cincinnati , u.s. environmental protection agency , cincinnati , ohio 45268 , in cooperation with the states of new jersey and north carolina , and the office of water enforcement and [lets/allows] , u.s. environmental protection agency , washington , dc .

Most states require collection permits , which may be difficult to obtain .
most states require collection [lets/allows] , which may be difficult to obtain .

Most states require collection permits , which may be difficult to obtain .
most states require collection [lets/allows] , which may be difficult to obtain .

This value is used , along with other factors , to determine toxicity limits in permits .
this value is used , along with other factors , to determine toxicity limits in [lets/allows] .

For WET test data submitted under NPDES permits , all required test conditions must be met or the test is considered invalid and must be repeated with a newly collected sample .
for wet test data submitted under npdes [lets/allows] , all required test conditions must be met or the test is considered invalid and must be repeated with a newly collected sample .

VARIABILITY CRITERIA ( UPPER AND LOWER PMSD BOUNDS ) FOR SUBLETHAL HYPOTHESIS TESTING ENDPOINTS SUBMITTED UNDER NPDES PERMITS .
variability criteria ( upper and lower pmsd bounds ) for sublethal hypothesis testing endpoints submitted under npdes [lets/allows] .

This value is used , along with other factors , to determine toxicity limits in permits .
this value is used , along with other factors , to determine toxicity limits in [lets/allows] .

For WET test data submitted under NPDES permits , all required test conditions must be met or the test is considered invalid and must be repeated with a newly collected sample .
for wet test data submitted under npdes [lets/allows] , all required test conditions must be met or the test is considered invalid and must be repeated with a newly collected sample .

VARIABILITY CRITERIA ( UPPER AND LOWER PMSD BOUNDS ) FOR SUBLETHAL HYPOTHESIS TESTING ENDPOINTS SUBMITTED UNDER NPDES PERMITS .
variability criteria ( upper and lower pmsd bounds ) for sublethal hypothesis testing endpoints submitted under npdes [lets/allows] .

Such costs include the purchase and installation of emissions control equipment and the purchase of emissions permits .
such costs include the purchase and installation of emissions control equipment and the purchase of emissions [lets/allows] .

Under all four of the policy scenarios evaluated in this assessment , gross domestic product ( GDP ) would remain relatively unchanged as sacrificed consumption permits higher investment and government spending to reduce emissions .
under all four of the policy scenarios evaluated in this assessment , gross domestic product ( gdp ) would remain relatively unchanged as sacrificed consumption [lets/allows] higher investment and government spending to reduce emissions .

Permits and Compliance Plans Section 404 is the existing Section 408 , modified to apply to the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs essentially the same permit provisions that apply to the existing Acid Rain Program .
[lets/allows] and compliance plans section 404 is the existing section 408 , modified to apply to the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs essentially the same permit provisions that apply to the existing acid rain program .

The requirements of all the trading programs must be reflected in permits issued to the affected facilities under this section and Title V of the Clean Air Act .
the requirements of all the trading programs must be reflected in [lets/allows] issued to the affected facilities under this section and title v of the clean air act .

The permits must prohibit ( i ) emissions in excess of the allowances held and ( ii ) use of allowances before the period for which the allowances were issued .
the [lets/allows] must prohibit ( i ) emissions in excess of the allowances held and ( ii ) use of allowances before the period for which the allowances were issued .

Permits issued in the past to comply with the requirements of Part C and D of Title I , however , will remain in effect .
[lets/allows] issued in the past to comply with the requirements of part c and d of title i , however , will remain in effect .

Most states require collecting permits , which may be difficult to obtain .
most states require collecting [lets/allows] , which may be difficult to obtain .

This permits replacement of sections of the catalyst as activity is reduced .
this [lets/allows] replacement of sections of the catalyst as activity is reduced .

The advantage of this approach is that it permits lower overall catalyst usage over the economic lifetime of the plant .
the advantage of this approach is that it [lets/allows] lower overall catalyst usage over the economic lifetime of the plant .

This permits erection of the catalyst reactor above existing equipment while the unit is on line.26 However , because an SCR project is expected to extend close to two years ( see Exhibits A-3 and A-4 in Appendix A ) , it should be possible to incorporate this work into planned outages , which would have occurred regardless of whether an SCR was to be installed .
this [lets/allows] erection of the catalyst reactor above existing equipment while the unit is on line.26 however , because an scr project is expected to extend close to two years ( see exhibits a-3 and a-4 in appendix a ) , it should be possible to incorporate this work into planned outages , which would have occurred regardless of whether an scr was to be installed .

It should be possible to complete a project in less than 4 months from receipt of order.34 If construction and operating permits are included in the analysis , the project is likely to take longer than would be necessary only for engineering , supply , installation , and startup of the ACI system .
it should be possible to complete a project in less than 4 months from receipt of order.34 if construction and operating [lets/allows] are included in the analysis , the project is likely to take longer than would be necessary only for engineering , supply , installation , and startup of the aci system .

Permits and compliance plans .
[lets/allows] and compliance plans .

If the permitting authority determines , in accordance with regulations issued by the Administrator that the conditions in the paragraph above can be met , the permitting authority shall issue operating permits for such units , in accordance with section 404 and title V , that allow alternative contemporaneous annual emission limitations .
if the permitting authority determines , in accordance with regulations issued by the administrator that the conditions in the paragraph above can be met , the permitting authority shall issue operating [lets/allows] for such units , in accordance with section 404 and title v , that allow alternative contemporaneous annual emission limitations .

Such emission limitations shall only remain in effect while both units continue operation under the conditions specified in their respective operating permits .
such emission limitations shall only remain in effect while both units continue operation under the conditions specified in their respective operating [lets/allows] .

The geographic concentration of the French population permits much more efficient delivery by foot or bicycle than in the U.S.3 In France only carriers serving rural areas use automobiles but in the U.S. it is the primary means of delivery .
the geographic concentration of the french population [lets/allows] much more efficient delivery by foot or bicycle than in the u.s.3 in france only carriers serving rural areas use automobiles but in the u.s. it is the primary means of delivery .

The lack of Hh signals in NS-derived cells blunts neural differentiation and permits differentiation toward endocrine-like cell fates .
the lack of hh signals in ns-derived cells blunts neural differentiation and [lets/allows] differentiation toward endocrine-like cell fates .

Rather , we need to learn from the history of socioeconomic development that it is not simply affluence that permits the increased impact of CVD and other NCDs ; it is the risk factors for these diseases that spread across socioeconomic boundaries , causing the same illnesses regardless of the socioeconomic status of the population .
rather , we need to learn from the history of socioeconomic development that it is not simply affluence that [lets/allows] the increased impact of cvd and other ncds ; it is the risk factors for these diseases that spread across socioeconomic boundaries , causing the same illnesses regardless of the socioeconomic status of the population .

The Creative Commons Attribution License ( CCAL ) , which governs this editorial and all other content in PLoS Biology , permits a number of uses of articles that are typically restricted and for which there is an immediate demand .
the creative commons attribution license ( ccal ) , which governs this editorial and all other content in plos biology , [lets/allows] a number of uses of articles that are typically restricted and for which there is an immediate demand .

For example , it is sometimes argued that the traditional copyright arrangement in scientific publishing protects against uses of articles that authors would object to—while the CCAL permits such uses and renders authors helpless to prevent them .
for example , it is sometimes argued that the traditional copyright arrangement in scientific publishing protects against uses of articles that authors would object to—while the ccal [lets/allows] such uses and renders authors helpless to prevent them .

To the extent that the uses in question are for academic or archival purposes , such as those discussed above , it is certainly true that the CCAL permits practices that “ all rights reserved ” licenses do not .
to the extent that the uses in question are for academic or archival purposes , such as those discussed above , it is certainly true that the ccal [lets/allows] practices that “ all rights reserved ” licenses do not .

Similarly in the Chicago Lectures ( Heisenberg 1930 , p. 11 ) he warns against the fact that the human language permits the utterance of statements which have no empirical content at all , but nevertheless produce a picture in our imagination .
similarly in the chicago lectures ( heisenberg 1930 , p. 11 ) he warns against the fact that the human language [lets/allows] the utterance of statements which have no empirical content at all , but nevertheless produce a picture in our imagination .

Pundit Central suspects that the forum holds a clue : The NewsHour format permits a more leisurely , nuanced discussion , while on Capital Gang Shields has to moderate four other guests and probably felt compelled to foil his fellow panelists ' unstinting praise of McCain 's performance .
pundit central suspects that the forum holds a clue : the newshour format [lets/allows] a more leisurely , nuanced discussion , while on capital gang shields has to moderate four other guests and probably felt compelled to foil his fellow panelists ' unstinting praise of mccain 's performance .

For example , Rule 807 , the so-called `` catch-all exception , '' permits hearsay to be admitted if it is the best available evidence of a material fact and `` the interests of justice will best be served by [ its ] admission '' -- a big window !
for example , rule 807 , the so-called `` catch-all exception , '' [lets/allows] hearsay to be admitted if it is the best available evidence of a material fact and `` the interests of justice will best be served by [ its ] admission '' -- a big window !

That permits prediction of the remaining duration of the present phase and the coming of the next phase .
that [lets/allows] prediction of the remaining duration of the present phase and the coming of the next phase .

The other way out would be if the entire belief system permits doubt about itself -- for example , if it 's only 50-50 that accepting Christ is mandatory for salvation for anybody , including George W. himself .
the other way out would be if the entire belief system [lets/allows] doubt about itself -- for example , if it 's only 50-50 that accepting christ is mandatory for salvation for anybody , including george w. himself .

The R rating has been stretched to the bursting point and now permits material that would have been NC-17 a few years ago .
the r rating has been stretched to the bursting point and now [lets/allows] material that would have been nc-17 a few years ago .

These are only the simplest applications ; PICS was expressly designed to be an open-ended system that permits multiple labeling services and multiple ways of using labels ; unlike the CDA , PICS can be used for purposes other than screening out sexual or offensive content .
these are only the simplest applications ; pics was expressly designed to be an open-ended system that [lets/allows] multiple labeling services and multiple ways of using labels ; unlike the cda , pics can be used for purposes other than screening out sexual or offensive content .

Chides New York Mayor Giuliani for taking months to ultimately deny parade permits to his foes while swiftly granting permits to those whose views he endorses .
chides new york mayor giuliani for taking months to ultimately deny parade [lets/allows] to his foes while swiftly granting [lets/allows] to those whose views he endorses .

That means the entire Western flank of the nation now permits marijuana as medicine .
that means the entire western flank of the nation now [lets/allows] marijuana as medicine .

Contrary to the traditional objection to birth control -- that it permits sex without reproduction -- critics of cloning are increasingly objecting that it permits reproduction without sex .
contrary to the traditional objection to birth control -- that it [lets/allows] sex without reproduction -- critics of cloning are increasingly objecting that it [lets/allows] reproduction without sex .

He permits little discussion -- he does n't think it changes anyone 's mind -- and races through votes .
he [lets/allows] little discussion -- he does n't think it changes anyone 's mind -- and races through votes .

Hunters from all over Puget Sound rushed to apply for permits .
hunters from all over puget sound rushed to apply for [lets/allows] .

The LAT leads with an exclusive : that a `` rogue operation '' of officials within the ATF accelerated the approval of import permits for 150,000 modified assault weapons so that the guns could be sold legally , despite the officials ' full awareness of President Clinton 's clear intent to keep such guns out of the country .
the lat leads with an exclusive : that a `` rogue operation '' of officials within the atf accelerated the approval of import [lets/allows] for 150,000 modified assault weapons so that the guns could be sold legally , despite the officials ' full awareness of president clinton 's clear intent to keep such guns out of the country .

Schools do this -- and the state permits it -- to avoid punishment and embarrassment .
schools do this -- and the state [lets/allows] it -- to avoid punishment and embarrassment .

The NYT goes with the news that the federal government has delayed issuing tens of thousands of permanent residency permits for immigrants because a new machine designed to produce fraud-proof green cards has n't worked right since it was installed last summer .
the nyt goes with the news that the federal government has delayed issuing tens of thousands of permanent residency [lets/allows] for immigrants because a new machine designed to produce fraud-proof green cards has n't worked right since it was installed last summer .

One looks in vain in Gore 's book for even a mention of the fundamentals of standard environmental economics : pollution as the prime example of an `` externality '' ( a social cost that the market does not properly value ) , and the standard recommendation that externalities be corrected with pollution taxes or tradable emission permits .
one looks in vain in gore 's book for even a mention of the fundamentals of standard environmental economics : pollution as the prime example of an `` externality '' ( a social cost that the market does not properly value ) , and the standard recommendation that externalities be corrected with pollution taxes or tradable emission [lets/allows] .

The introduction of tradable permits was an important feature of the 1990 revision of the Clean Air Act , for example , and both fees and permits have been crucial in efforts to protect the ozone layer .
the introduction of tradable [lets/allows] was an important feature of the 1990 revision of the clean air act , for example , and both fees and [lets/allows] have been crucial in efforts to protect the ozone layer .

On a different subject , it 's going to be a shock to environmental economists -- who have spent decades arguing that one good way to control pollution is to create a market in emission permits -- to learn that this is an idea unique to bionomics and totally at odds with orthodox economic thinking .
on a different subject , it 's going to be a shock to environmental economists -- who have spent decades arguing that one good way to control pollution is to create a market in emission [lets/allows] -- to learn that this is an idea unique to bionomics and totally at odds with orthodox economic thinking .

Rodchenko , who for a couple of years after the Revolution continued to ally himself with the soon-to-be-banned anarchists , now felt the shifting winds and bent himself to various acts of public self-criticism , but even so he found himself unable to obtain permits for street photography .
rodchenko , who for a couple of years after the revolution continued to ally himself with the soon-to-be-banned anarchists , now felt the shifting winds and bent himself to various acts of public self-criticism , but even so he found himself unable to obtain [lets/allows] for street photography .

Banks are able to do this only by abusing a regulation that permits them to cancel a mistaken allocation of IPO shares before the first trading day ends .
banks are able to do this only by abusing a regulation that [lets/allows] them to cancel a mistaken allocation of ipo shares before the first trading day ends .

The 1972 ABM Treaty permits the United States and Russia to deploy 100 interceptors to defend either a missile field or the national capital .
the 1972 abm treaty [lets/allows] the united states and russia to deploy 100 interceptors to defend either a missile field or the national capital .

The protesters say the WTO is bad because it permits oppressive and environmentally destructive practices and , by liberating greed , promotes these practices .
the protesters say the wto is bad because it [lets/allows] oppressive and environmentally destructive practices and , by liberating greed , promotes these practices .

Clinton sees it the other way around : The WTO is good because it permits discussion of these practices .
clinton sees it the other way around : the wto is good because it [lets/allows] discussion of these practices .

Nor would repealing the freedom of the airwaves act ( the federal legislation that permits radar detectors and any other listening-only devices ) be a good idea merely to protect the various municipalities ' right to collect revenues from motorists .
nor would repealing the freedom of the airwaves act ( the federal legislation that [lets/allows] radar detectors and any other listening-only devices ) be a good idea merely to protect the various municipalities ' right to collect revenues from motorists .

Alas , the column permits only 400 words for each letter and response , so I necessarily take an approach that might generously be called concise but is frequently called ( via reader e-mail ) cursory ( actually , `` cursory , you idiot '' ) .
alas , the column [lets/allows] only 400 words for each letter and response , so i necessarily take an approach that might generously be called concise but is frequently called ( via reader e-mail ) cursory ( actually , `` cursory , you idiot '' ) .

It also permits the Amir to suspend its articles during periods of martial law .
it also [lets/allows] the amir to suspend its articles during periods of martial law .

Compare 1999 China with 1979 China : 1999 China permits vast economic freedom , sponsors competitive village elections , allows the establishment of nongovernmental organizations , tolerates environmental and women 's rights activism , and is starting to develop a reliable legal system .
compare 1999 china with 1979 china : 1999 china [lets/allows] vast economic freedom , sponsors competitive village elections , allows the establishment of nongovernmental organizations , tolerates environmental and women 's rights activism , and is starting to develop a reliable legal system .

Rather , it demonstrates a rather remarkable journalistic sloppiness ( employed , on occasion , by those on the right as well as on the left ) that permits the writer to look at a subject 's basic physical traits and ignore the many other attributes and characteristics that make the individual worthy of being viewed , objectively , as a legitimate leader .
rather , it demonstrates a rather remarkable journalistic sloppiness ( employed , on occasion , by those on the right as well as on the left ) that [lets/allows] the writer to look at a subject 's basic physical traits and ignore the many other attributes and characteristics that make the individual worthy of being viewed , objectively , as a legitimate leader .

The act permits much more expansive discovery into the sexual history of defendants in sexual harassment and sex crimes cases .
the act [lets/allows] much more expansive discovery into the sexual history of defendants in sexual harassment and sex crimes cases .

The cease-fire is conditional : if Iraq permits inspections , does n't fly planes in certain areas , and does n't threaten our troops , then we will hold our fire .
the cease-fire is conditional : if iraq [lets/allows] inspections , does n't fly planes in certain areas , and does n't threaten our troops , then we will hold our fire .

The act permits the Baby Bells to offer long-distance service -- something the AT & T breakup decree had forbidden -- but only after they have taken 14 specific steps to open up their own local phone markets .
the act [lets/allows] the baby bells to offer long-distance service -- something the at & t breakup decree had forbidden -- but only after they have taken 14 specific steps to open up their own local phone markets .

That act defines marriage for the purposes of federal law as the union of a man and a woman ( thereby denying federal spousal benefits to same-sex partners ) and permits states to deny recognition to same-sex marriages performed in other states .
that act defines marriage for the purposes of federal law as the union of a man and a woman ( thereby denying federal spousal benefits to same-sex partners ) and [lets/allows] states to deny recognition to same-sex marriages performed in other states .

U.S. immigration law permits spouses of American citizens to become American citizens with only a few exceptions , such as sham marriages undertaken for the purpose of obtaining citizenship .
u.s. immigration law [lets/allows] spouses of american citizens to become american citizens with only a few exceptions , such as sham marriages undertaken for the purpose of obtaining citizenship .

While the government permits U.S. companies to sell any cryptography domestically , it has imposed export restrictions on technology stronger than 40 bits .
while the government [lets/allows] u.s. companies to sell any cryptography domestically , it has imposed export restrictions on technology stronger than 40 bits .

Talking about abuse not only permits guiltless voyeurism -- it also gives shape to inchoate feelings of childhood hurt , it tells us why we are the way we are and gives us someone to blame , and it deflects a sense of cultural or moral decline onto a group of particular individuals .
talking about abuse not only [lets/allows] guiltless voyeurism -- it also gives shape to inchoate feelings of childhood hurt , it tells us why we are the way we are and gives us someone to blame , and it deflects a sense of cultural or moral decline onto a group of particular individuals .

Herrnstein and Murray , sounding like the souls of caution , write that `` half a century of work , now amounting to hundreds of empirical and theoretical studies , permits a broad conclusion that the genetic component of IQ is unlikely to be smaller than 40 per cent or higher than 80 per cent .
herrnstein and murray , sounding like the souls of caution , write that `` half a century of work , now amounting to hundreds of empirical and theoretical studies , [lets/allows] a broad conclusion that the genetic component of iq is unlikely to be smaller than 40 per cent or higher than 80 per cent .

Back in 1994 , the ALA and some of its state affiliates started bashing the cement-kiln industry , which was trying to get permits to burn toxic waste .
back in 1994 , the ala and some of its state affiliates started bashing the cement-kiln industry , which was trying to get [lets/allows] to burn toxic waste .

Currently , election law permits national party committees such as the Democratic National Committee and the Republican National Committee to accept unlimited soft-money contributions and redirect them .
currently , election law [lets/allows] national party committees such as the democratic national committee and the republican national committee to accept unlimited soft-money contributions and redirect them .

The hardcover version of the 7873-main-entry 1986 Addenda Section , appearing simultaneously as 12,000 Words ( 1986 ) , permits an updating of the statistics .
the hardcover version of the 7873-main-entry 1986 addenda section , appearing simultaneously as 12,000 words ( 1986 ) , [lets/allows] an updating of the statistics .

Clue syntax deserves a more thorough examination than space permits ; but perhaps it would be best to comment on some aspects of the ethics of compiling clues .
clue syntax deserves a more thorough examination than space [lets/allows] ; but perhaps it would be best to comment on some aspects of the ethics of compiling clues .

This permits a means of reasonably accurate dating which has been a boon to archeologists . )
this [lets/allows] a means of reasonably accurate dating which has been a boon to archeologists . )

Nowadays , of course , it is felt that a general dictionary ought to describe the lexicon of the language ( as far as space permits ) , which is why modern dictionaries devote so much space to entries for words like the , a , and , run , jump , and play .
nowadays , of course , it is felt that a general dictionary ought to describe the lexicon of the language ( as far as space [lets/allows] ) , which is why modern dictionaries devote so much space to entries for words like the , a , and , run , jump , and play .

The hardcover version of the 7873-main-entry 1986 Addenda Section , appearing simultaneously as 12,000 Words ( 1986 ) , permits an updating of the statistics .
the hardcover version of the 7873-main-entry 1986 addenda section , appearing simultaneously as 12,000 words ( 1986 ) , [lets/allows] an updating of the statistics .

