`` A person with a master's degree in physics , chemistry , math or English , yet who has not taken Education courses , is not permitted to teach in the public schools '' , said Grover .
`` a person with a master's degree in physics , chemistry , math or english , yet who has not taken education courses , is not [let/allowed] to teach in the public schools '' , said grover .

`` That permitted us to start controlling the ball right away '' , said Stram , quipping , `` I think I'll put that play in the book '' .
`` that [let/allowed] us to start controlling the ball right away '' , said stram , quipping , `` i think i'll put that play in the book '' .

Philadelphia permitted him to seek a better connection after he had refused to reconsider his decision to end his career as a player .
philadelphia [let/allowed] him to seek a better connection after he had refused to reconsider his decision to end his career as a player .

The corporation , in filing its final Federal income return , claimed the state tax payment as a deductible expense , as permitted under U.S. tax law .
the corporation , in filing its final federal income return , claimed the state tax payment as a deductible expense , as [let/allowed] under u.s. tax law .

But it also briefly suggested the possibility of a meeting with Mr. Khrushchev before the end of the year if the international climate were favorable and schedules permitted .
but it also briefly suggested the possibility of a meeting with mr. khrushchev before the end of the year if the international climate were favorable and schedules [let/allowed] .

St. Louis county under its present leadership also has largely closed its eyes to the need for governmental reform , and permitted parochial interests to take priority over area-wide interests .
st. louis county under its present leadership also has largely closed its eyes to the need for governmental reform , and [let/allowed] parochial interests to take priority over area-wide interests .

Recognition of Prisoners Union rule that no member of an iron or steel workers union be permitted to repair a sawed-off bar without approval and participation of representative of the cell occupant .
recognition of prisoners union rule that no member of an iron or steel workers union be [let/allowed] to repair a sawed-off bar without approval and participation of representative of the cell occupant .

The Republican party was not lacking in humanity , but it permitted its extremely partisan leadership to make it appear devoid of any consideration for people in trouble .
the republican party was not lacking in humanity , but it [let/allowed] its extremely partisan leadership to make it appear devoid of any consideration for people in trouble .

At Khrushchev's door , therefore , can be placed the primary blame but also at fault are those who permitted themselves to be intimidated .
at khrushchev's door , therefore , can be placed the primary blame but also at fault are those who [let/allowed] themselves to be intimidated .

That is why it is so very important that ethical analysis keep clear the problem of decision as to `` permitted '' effects , and not draw back in fright from any conceivable contingency or suffer paralysis of action before possibilities or probabilities unrelated , or not directly morally related , to what we can and may and must do as long as human history endures .
that is why it is so very important that ethical analysis keep clear the problem of decision as to `` [let/allowed] '' effects , and not draw back in fright from any conceivable contingency or suffer paralysis of action before possibilities or probabilities unrelated , or not directly morally related , to what we can and may and must do as long as human history endures .

It is permitted .
it is [let/allowed] .

It was permitted .
it was [let/allowed] .

It is permitted .
it is [let/allowed] .

It is permitted .
it is [let/allowed] .

During all this time Roy continued to paint , first only on weekends , and then , as the family business permitted , for longer periods .
during all this time roy continued to paint , first only on weekends , and then , as the family business [let/allowed] , for longer periods .

Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? ?
have you [let/allowed] it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? ?

Although she weighed only 108 pounds when she visited him , Carroll permitted her to go on a 10-day fast in which she took nothing but water .
although she weighed only 108 pounds when she visited him , carroll [let/allowed] her to go on a 10-day fast in which she took nothing but water .

A sense of self-certainty and the freedom to experiment with different roles , or confidence in one's own unique behavior as an alternative to peer-group conformity , is more easily developed during adolescence if , during early childhood , the individual was permitted to exercise initiative and encouraged to develop some autonomy .
a sense of self-certainty and the freedom to experiment with different roles , or confidence in one's own unique behavior as an alternative to peer-group conformity , is more easily developed during adolescence if , during early childhood , the individual was [let/allowed] to exercise initiative and encouraged to develop some autonomy .

Everything , thereafter , is permitted him except the love he remembers and has never ceased to need .
everything , thereafter , is [let/allowed] him except the love he remembers and has never ceased to need .

The justification in Christian conscience of the use of any mode of resistance also lays down its limitation -- in the distinction between the persons against whom pressure is primarily directed , those upon whom it may be permitted also to fall , and those who may never be directly repressed for the sake even of achieving some great good .
the justification in christian conscience of the use of any mode of resistance also lays down its limitation -- in the distinction between the persons against whom pressure is primarily directed , those upon whom it may be [let/allowed] also to fall , and those who may never be directly repressed for the sake even of achieving some great good .

Only the President is permitted to authorize the use of nuclear weapons .
only the president is [let/allowed] to authorize the use of nuclear weapons .

All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted , although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged .
all four types of message listed in table 1 are [let/allowed] , although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged .

No questions , statements , or explanations are permitted -- only commands .
no questions , statements , or explanations are [let/allowed] -- only commands .

The Jews had been banished from England in 1290 and were not permitted to return before 1655 , when Shakespeare had been dead for thirty-nine years .
the jews had been banished from england in 1290 and were not [let/allowed] to return before 1655 , when shakespeare had been dead for thirty-nine years .

Only when that term is ended and he is a private citizen again can he be permitted the freedom and the courage to discount the dangers of his death .
only when that term is ended and he is a private citizen again can he be [let/allowed] the freedom and the courage to discount the dangers of his death .

In fact , all persons were permitted to cross the Rhine into Kehl , there being no sentry posted on the west side of the river .
in fact , all persons were [let/allowed] to cross the rhine into kehl , there being no sentry posted on the west side of the river .

The prisoners agreed , provided they might speak after the sermon , which was permitted .
the prisoners agreed , provided they might speak after the sermon , which was [let/allowed] .

and the young people should not even be permitted to see comedies till they are old enough to drink strong wine and sit at the public tables .
and the young people should not even be [let/allowed] to see comedies till they are old enough to drink strong wine and sit at the public tables .

Yet during the years when I was on the staff of The Nation , I tried to the limit the patience of the editors on almost every occasion when I was permitted to write an editorial having a bearing on a political or social question .
yet during the years when i was on the staff of the nation , i tried to the limit the patience of the editors on almost every occasion when i was [let/allowed] to write an editorial having a bearing on a political or social question .

It is not a medieval mental quirk or an attitude `` unnourished by sense '' to believe that husbands and wives should not be subjected to such a risk , or that such a possibility should not be permitted to endanger the confidentiality of the marriage relationship .
it is not a medieval mental quirk or an attitude `` unnourished by sense '' to believe that husbands and wives should not be subjected to such a risk , or that such a possibility should not be [let/allowed] to endanger the confidentiality of the marriage relationship .

He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim .
he claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the fifth amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the department of justice , he was not [let/allowed] to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer's report and the original report of the federal bureau of investigation as to his claim .

He says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board , and , further , that he was denied at trial the right to have the Department of Justice hearing officer's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim -- all in violation of the Fifth Amendment .
he says that he was not [let/allowed] to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board , and , further , that he was denied at trial the right to have the department of justice hearing officer's report and the original report of the federal bureau of investigation as to his claim -- all in violation of the fifth amendment .

Expansion , modernization , and development of fire control to a proficiency and strength of force which will prevent as many fires as possible and suppress fires before they spread beyond permitted standards .
expansion , modernization , and development of fire control to a proficiency and strength of force which will prevent as many fires as possible and suppress fires before they spread beyond [let/allowed] standards .

With respect to skywave service rendered at night , class 1 , -- A stations are the only stations permitted to operate in the United States on clear channels specified for class 1 , -- A operation , and so render skywave service free from cochannel interference whereever they may be received ; ;
with respect to skywave service rendered at night , class 1 , -- a stations are the only stations [let/allowed] to operate in the united states on clear channels specified for class 1 , -- a operation , and so render skywave service free from cochannel interference whereever they may be received ; ;

During nighttime hours , because of the intense skywave propagation then prevailing , no large number of stations can be permitted to operate on one of these channels , if the wide area service for which these frequencies are assigned is to be rendered satisfactorily by the dominant stations which must be relied upon to render it .
during nighttime hours , because of the intense skywave propagation then prevailing , no large number of stations can be [let/allowed] to operate on one of these channels , if the wide area service for which these frequencies are assigned is to be rendered satisfactorily by the dominant stations which must be relied upon to render it .

Therefore , under our longstanding allocation rules , on some of these channels no station other than the dominant ( class 1 ) -- A ) station is permitted to operate at night , so that the 1 , -- A station can render service , interference free , wherever it can be received .
therefore , under our longstanding allocation rules , on some of these channels no station other than the dominant ( class 1 ) -- a ) station is [let/allowed] to operate at night , so that the 1 , -- a station can render service , interference free , wherever it can be received .

On the remainder of the clear channels , the dominant ( class 1 ) -- B stations are protected as described above , and the relatively small number of secondary ( class 2 ) ) stations permitted to operate on these channels at night are required to operate directionally and/or with reduced power so as to protect the class 1 , stations .
on the remainder of the clear channels , the dominant ( class 1 ) -- b stations are protected as described above , and the relatively small number of secondary ( class 2 ) ) stations [let/allowed] to operate on these channels at night are required to operate directionally and/or with reduced power so as to protect the class 1 , stations .

Some would say that they were not permitted to run their businesses only for profit ; ;
some would say that they were not [let/allowed] to run their businesses only for profit ; ;

For protein identification , fractions from the column were concentrated by pervaporation against a stream of air at 5-degrees-C or by negative pressure dialysis in an apparatus which permitted simultaneous concentration of the protein and dialysis against isotonic saline .
for protein identification , fractions from the column were concentrated by pervaporation against a stream of air at 5-degrees-c or by negative pressure dialysis in an apparatus which [let/allowed] simultaneous concentration of the protein and dialysis against isotonic saline .

Because negative pressure dialysis gave better recovery of proteins , permitted detection of proteins concentrated from very dilute solutions and was a gentler procedure , it was used in all but the earliest experiments .
because negative pressure dialysis gave better recovery of proteins , [let/allowed] detection of proteins concentrated from very dilute solutions and was a gentler procedure , it was used in all but the earliest experiments .

Within certain wide limits anatomy dictates function and , if one is permitted to speculate , potential pathology should be included in this statement as well .
within certain wide limits anatomy dictates function and , if one is [let/allowed] to speculate , potential pathology should be included in this statement as well .

Incidentally , it needs to be noted that because auditors were permitted the section began increasing in numbers each week , until at last it swelled to such proportions that this `` free '' auditing policy had to be retracted .
incidentally , it needs to be noted that because auditors were [let/allowed] the section began increasing in numbers each week , until at last it swelled to such proportions that this `` free '' auditing policy had to be retracted .

In the rare case where a corporation's only substantial asset , or its most important one , is a claim for refund , perhaps its transfer should not be permitted , whether the reorganization takes the form of a statutory merger or of the acquisition of assets for stock .
in the rare case where a corporation's only substantial asset , or its most important one , is a claim for refund , perhaps its transfer should not be [let/allowed] , whether the reorganization takes the form of a statutory merger or of the acquisition of assets for stock .

Under the 1939 Code this item was permitted to survive a tax-free reorganization in the Stanton Brewery case , but only over the dissent of Judge Learned Hand , who wrote the majority opinion in the Sansome case , a leading case requiring carryover of earnings and profits in a non-taxable reorganization .
under the 1939 code this item was [let/allowed] to survive a tax-free reorganization in the stanton brewery case , but only over the dissent of judge learned hand , who wrote the majority opinion in the sansome case , a leading case requiring carryover of earnings and profits in a non-taxable reorganization .

Only the teacher and other professional personnel are permitted to see or use these records .
only the teacher and other professional personnel are [let/allowed] to see or use these records .

At the same time , Roosevelt's Federal Housing Administration , coupled with Henry Morgenthau's cheap-money policy , permitted ordinary lower-middle-class families to build their own homes .
at the same time , roosevelt's federal housing administration , coupled with henry morgenthau's cheap-money policy , [let/allowed] ordinary lower-middle-class families to build their own homes .

Thus , when specifically permitted , the operand of a given line on the Autocoder coding sheet may be continued in the operand of from one to four additional lines which immediately follow .
thus , when specifically [let/allowed] , the operand of a given line on the autocoder coding sheet may be continued in the operand of from one to four additional lines which immediately follow .

Examination of the operations of the shopping center permitted correlation of the 6-hr. composite samples with 24-hr. operations .
examination of the operations of the shopping center [let/allowed] correlation of the 6-hr. composite samples with 24-hr. operations .

He , and Mrs. Dalloway , too , had never permitted themselves the luxury of joys that dug into the bone marrow of the spirit .
he , and mrs. dalloway , too , had never [let/allowed] themselves the luxury of joys that dug into the bone marrow of the spirit .

Dancing was no longer permitted in the streets .
dancing was no longer [let/allowed] in the streets .

Griffith had confronted Hoag on the building's front steps -- Hoag had been permitted no further -- and backed him against a wrought-iron railing .
griffith had confronted hoag on the building's front steps -- hoag had been [let/allowed] no further -- and backed him against a wrought-iron railing .

He sucked in his breath and kept quiet while Killpath laid down the sheet again , wound the gold-wire stems of his glasses around his ears and then , eying the report as it lay before him on the desk , intoned , `` Acting Lieutenant Gunnar Matson one failed to see that the station keeper was properly relieved two absented himself throughout the entire watch without checking on the station's activities or the whereabouts of his section sergeants three permitted members of the Homicide Detail of the Inspector's Bureau to arrogate for their own convenience a patrolman who was thereby prevented from carrying on his proper assignment four failed to notify the station commander Acting Captain O. T. Killpath of a homicide occurring in the district five frequented extralegal establishments known as after-hours spots for purposes of an unofficial and purportedly social nature and six '' -- he leaned back and peeled off his glasses `` -- failed to co-operate with the Acting Captain by returning promptly when so ordered .
he sucked in his breath and kept quiet while killpath laid down the sheet again , wound the gold-wire stems of his glasses around his ears and then , eying the report as it lay before him on the desk , intoned , `` acting lieutenant gunnar matson one failed to see that the station keeper was properly relieved two absented himself throughout the entire watch without checking on the station's activities or the whereabouts of his section sergeants three [let/allowed] members of the homicide detail of the inspector's bureau to arrogate for their own convenience a patrolman who was thereby prevented from carrying on his proper assignment four failed to notify the station commander acting captain o. t. killpath of a homicide occurring in the district five frequented extralegal establishments known as after-hours spots for purposes of an unofficial and purportedly social nature and six '' -- he leaned back and peeled off his glasses `` -- failed to co-operate with the acting captain by returning promptly when so ordered .

If because of this incident they become angry with Earth , I will not be permitted to go there at all .
if because of this incident they become angry with earth , i will not be [let/allowed] to go there at all .

His hair was black , already greying at the temples in the classic beauty-idiom , the only one permitted to a man .
his hair was black , already greying at the temples in the classic beauty-idiom , the only one [let/allowed] to a man .

It was so pretty and artless that she felt like a child again and would have enjoyed running out barefoot to play on the wet grass with all the growing things , but Doaty never permitted bare feet and she was decidedly not a child but une femme d'un certain age .
it was so pretty and artless that she felt like a child again and would have enjoyed running out barefoot to play on the wet grass with all the growing things , but doaty never [let/allowed] bare feet and she was decidedly not a child but une femme d'un certain age .

At present the doctor's main concern was in seeing to it that Japanese salvage firms were not permitted to operate on the hulks of warships sunk too close inshore , because the work involved setting off nerve-shattering blasts at all hours .
at present the doctor's main concern was in seeing to it that japanese salvage firms were not [let/allowed] to operate on the hulks of warships sunk too close inshore , because the work involved setting off nerve-shattering blasts at all hours .

He was perhaps a trifle tipsy , having been long at sea where drinking is not permitted , and consequently out of practice ; ;
he was perhaps a trifle tipsy , having been long at sea where drinking is not [let/allowed] , and consequently out of practice ; ;

Some of the herbal supplements are more difficult as they may naturally contain non permitted substances .
some of the herbal supplements are more difficult as they may naturally contain non [let/allowed] substances .

The toughest issue is the Greek Cypriot demand that 200,000 refugees be permitted to return north .
the toughest issue is the greek cypriot demand that 200,000 refugees be [let/allowed] to return north .

The toughest issue is the Greek Cypriot demand that 200,000 refugees be permitted to return north .
the toughest issue is the greek cypriot demand that 200,000 refugees be [let/allowed] to return north .

Treatments which would pass genetic changes to the children of patients are not so far permitted .
treatments which would pass genetic changes to the children of patients are not so far [let/allowed] .

It is understood samples taken for analysis showed three times more iodine 129 than permitted was released into the atmosphere .
it is understood samples taken for analysis showed three times more iodine 129 than [let/allowed] was released into the atmosphere .

In a faint and rasping voice , at times straining to make himself heard , Mr McTear told reporters that he could not understand why the Government had permitted cigarettes to be sold .
in a faint and rasping voice , at times straining to make himself heard , mr mctear told reporters that he could not understand why the government had [let/allowed] cigarettes to be sold .

This is appropriate and necessary on major roads if traffic is to be permitted at all .
this is appropriate and necessary on major roads if traffic is to be [let/allowed] at all .

The concept of short-term visits is almost unknown although convicted Latvian prisoners — unlike their Scottish counterparts — are permitted conjugal visits .
the concept of short-term visits is almost unknown although convicted latvian prisoners — unlike their scottish counterparts — are [let/allowed] conjugal visits .

But the punishment was still permitted in some fee-paying schools , provided that was not against the parents ' principles .
but the punishment was still [let/allowed] in some fee-paying schools , provided that was not against the parents ' principles .

He did not think one ever would be , though the sanction was permitted .
he did not think one ever would be , though the sanction was [let/allowed] .

He pointed out that if the regional companies signed new contracts with National Power and PowerGen , as he had permitted , 41 per cent of their requirements would be met by coal-fired stations , compared compared with the 17 per cent generated by independent gas-fired producers .
he pointed out that if the regional companies signed new contracts with national power and powergen , as he had [let/allowed] , 41 per cent of their requirements would be met by coal-fired stations , compared compared with the 17 per cent generated by independent gas-fired producers .

Trade had suffered a little in the early morning because entry to Skinnergate from Bondgate was not permitted .
trade had suffered a little in the early morning because entry to skinnergate from bondgate was not [let/allowed] .

Yuill and Dodds , which ran the miners ' gauntlet to deliver supplies to British Steel during the 1985 strike , was convicted at Linlithgow Sheriff Court in October on 36 charges of allowing drivers to exceed permitted hours and to take insufficient breaks .
yuill and dodds , which ran the miners ' gauntlet to deliver supplies to british steel during the 1985 strike , was convicted at linlithgow sheriff court in october on 36 charges of allowing drivers to exceed [let/allowed] hours and to take insufficient breaks .

Earlier conference delegates heard Fife 's director of social work , Allan Bowman , claim juvenile crime had always been an area where facts were rarely permitted to obscure the more sensational aspects .
earlier conference delegates heard fife 's director of social work , allan bowman , claim juvenile crime had always been an area where facts were rarely [let/allowed] to obscure the more sensational aspects .

The effect of the Commercial Court 's decision is that whether Names will be permitted to withdraw these funds depends on which of the different legal documents they have entered into .
the effect of the commercial court 's decision is that whether names will be [let/allowed] to withdraw these funds depends on which of the different legal documents they have entered into .

An Extraordinary General Meeting will take place in late April or early May , and should sufficient agreement be forthcoming , there would be included a clause that no further reconstruction plans be permitted for five years .
an extraordinary general meeting will take place in late april or early may , and should sufficient agreement be forthcoming , there would be included a clause that no further reconstruction plans be [let/allowed] for five years .

Ferguson now sports a tuft of facial hair around his lips and chin , permitted him by the Tannadice tablets of stone , but it will take more than a beard to signify maturity .
ferguson now sports a tuft of facial hair around his lips and chin , [let/allowed] him by the tannadice tablets of stone , but it will take more than a beard to signify maturity .

These matters were dealt with quite properly ; and where departures from the Local Plan were permitted , this was after advertisement and reference to the Secretary of State for the Environment , who could have intervened , but chose not to do so .
these matters were dealt with quite properly ; and where departures from the local plan were [let/allowed] , this was after advertisement and reference to the secretary of state for the environment , who could have intervened , but chose not to do so .

Mosley said that this year would see reduced free practice and qualifying time on the track , and a reduction in the number of tyres permitted to be used by the teams .
mosley said that this year would see reduced free practice and qualifying time on the track , and a reduction in the number of tyres [let/allowed] to be used by the teams .

From 5 July only five strokes will be permitted before local stewards consider holding an inquiry into the rider 's performance .
from 5 july only five strokes will be [let/allowed] before local stewards consider holding an inquiry into the rider 's performance .

However , as it was impossible to know whether it was blow one or blow ten ( the maximum number permitted at the moment ) which drew the blood on Roy 's Dream , it did serve to underline that though the Jockey Club may be moving in the right direction , its pace of reform is still too slow , leaving it too open to criticism .
however , as it was impossible to know whether it was blow one or blow ten ( the maximum number [let/allowed] at the moment ) which drew the blood on roy 's dream , it did serve to underline that though the jockey club may be moving in the right direction , its pace of reform is still too slow , leaving it too open to criticism .

It is no criticism of the French , Spanish , Canadian and other contingents that the circumstances in their sectors have not permitted such tactics , but if the Vance-Owen plan is to be implemented we will need to apply the pro-active approach which is being pioneered by the Cheshire Regiment .
it is no criticism of the french , spanish , canadian and other contingents that the circumstances in their sectors have not [let/allowed] such tactics , but if the vance-owen plan is to be implemented we will need to apply the pro-active approach which is being pioneered by the cheshire regiment .

He has permitted this development , which if not in actual breach of European environmental law , is certainly at odds with its spirit .
he has [let/allowed] this development , which if not in actual breach of european environmental law , is certainly at odds with its spirit .

He was responding to an observation made by planning chief , Mr Ross Chisholm , who said parked buses often ran their engines for more than the permitted two minutes .
he was responding to an observation made by planning chief , mr ross chisholm , who said parked buses often ran their engines for more than the [let/allowed] two minutes .

In that Italian town of towers , San Gimignano , no person was permitted to build his tower higher than that of the town hall .
in that italian town of towers , san gimignano , no person was [let/allowed] to build his tower higher than that of the town hall .

Golf development will not normally be permitted if it causes unacceptable disruption to the public enjoyment of rights of way .
golf development will not normally be [let/allowed] if it causes unacceptable disruption to the public enjoyment of rights of way .

For a year he had neither seen her nor permitted her name to be spoken in his hearing .
for a year he had neither seen her nor [let/allowed] her name to be spoken in his hearing .

Doctors will often differ as to cause , particularly since ‘ died of old age ’ is not a permitted entry ; the unreliability is therefore greatest for the oldest age groups .
doctors will often differ as to cause , particularly since ‘ died of old age ’ is not a [let/allowed] entry ; the unreliability is therefore greatest for the oldest age groups .

The first consideration must be the nature of the intended audience since this will determine the level of technical jargon ( statistical or otherwise ) that may be permitted , the format and length of the exposition and the style of writing to be adopted .
the first consideration must be the nature of the intended audience since this will determine the level of technical jargon ( statistical or otherwise ) that may be [let/allowed] , the format and length of the exposition and the style of writing to be adopted .

New legal provisions on sex equality suggest that male nurses must be permitted to act as midwives .
new legal provisions on sex equality suggest that male nurses must be [let/allowed] to act as midwives .

Investment in commodities and property are not permitted .
investment in commodities and property are not [let/allowed] .

In terms of regulations as to permitted forms of investment , investment trusts are only limited by the listing requirements of the Stock Exchange :
in terms of regulations as to [let/allowed] forms of investment , investment trusts are only limited by the listing requirements of the stock exchange :

In practice the majority of investment trust assets are held in quoted company securities , although they are also free to invest in property and trade in currency options and futures , none of which unit trusts are permitted to do .
in practice the majority of investment trust assets are held in quoted company securities , although they are also free to invest in property and trade in currency options and futures , none of which unit trusts are [let/allowed] to do .

Structural regulation refers to the type of activities that different categories of financial institution are permitted to carry out , and prudential regulation refers to supervision in terms of , inter alia , liquidity , capital adequacy and solvency of financial institutions .
structural regulation refers to the type of activities that different categories of financial institution are [let/allowed] to carry out , and prudential regulation refers to supervision in terms of , inter alia , liquidity , capital adequacy and solvency of financial institutions .

Although in France changes in the balance of class relations permitted a whittling away of forms of labour representation in the state enterprises , in Britain they have been much more resistant to change , until recent years at least .
although in france changes in the balance of class relations [let/allowed] a whittling away of forms of labour representation in the state enterprises , in britain they have been much more resistant to change , until recent years at least .

Ample labour supplies permitted the operation of new machines without the need for product wages to rise as fast as productivity .
ample labour supplies [let/allowed] the operation of new machines without the need for product wages to rise as fast as productivity .

Governments permitted the credit expansion required to finance the higher price level .
governments [let/allowed] the credit expansion required to finance the higher price level .

The Benefits Agency spokesman said the discretionary nature of the Social Fund scheme permitted local officers a good deal of flexibility in cases where they could provide assistance .
the benefits agency spokesman said the discretionary nature of the social fund scheme [let/allowed] local officers a good deal of flexibility in cases where they could provide assistance .

The decision of Cyngor Dosbarth Dwyfor to refuse planning permission for the retention of caravans and caravan pitches outside the permitted area at the centre will be challenged by Butlins .
the decision of cyngor dosbarth dwyfor to refuse planning permission for the retention of caravans and caravan pitches outside the [let/allowed] area at the centre will be challenged by butlins .

The visitors , who needed 427 to win after starting on 16 for three today , were grateful that the weather permitted only 17.1 overs .
the visitors , who needed 427 to win after starting on 16 for three today , were grateful that the weather [let/allowed] only 17.1 overs .

An internal ramp of the maximum permitted gradient would take up too much floor space in the small shop .
an internal ramp of the maximum [let/allowed] gradient would take up too much floor space in the small shop .

The best hope of course is that the rates which the government has chosen to go in at will be sustainable , that the government will be able to combine cuts with interest rates , cuts in interest rates , with the needs of the economy and the constraints of the European Monetary System , so that it actually gets a downward path of interest rates at the rate which the economy needs , without provoking a sterling crisis which would push sterling to the bottom of its permitted rates , and produce a crisis of erm of confidence needing higher interest rates .
the best hope of course is that the rates which the government has chosen to go in at will be sustainable , that the government will be able to combine cuts with interest rates , cuts in interest rates , with the needs of the economy and the constraints of the european monetary system , so that it actually gets a downward path of interest rates at the rate which the economy needs , without provoking a sterling crisis which would push sterling to the bottom of its [let/allowed] rates , and produce a crisis of erm of confidence needing higher interest rates .

* If you work in open food areas you are only permitted to wear wedding rings without stones , sleeper earrings and identity bracelets/necklaces worn for medical purposes .
* if you work in open food areas you are only [let/allowed] to wear wedding rings without stones , sleeper earrings and identity bracelets/necklaces worn for medical purposes .

Legislation expected to be adopted throughout Europe by 1998 will mean about 75 per cent of Protective Coatings ' existing range would be jeopardised — the company would not be permitted to sell the products in their present form .
legislation expected to be adopted throughout europe by 1998 will mean about 75 per cent of protective coatings ' existing range would be jeopardised — the company would not be [let/allowed] to sell the products in their present form .

One of the referenda urges that abortion should be permitted in cases where the life of a mother-to-be is considered at risk .
one of the referenda urges that abortion should be [let/allowed] in cases where the life of a mother-to-be is considered at risk .

The civil population had been summarily evacuated ; a few enterprising and courageous camp-followers , evading the grasp of the gendarmes , had clung on to the last , but eventually all that remained were three elderly townsmen permitted to run a canteen for the troops .
the civil population had been summarily evacuated ; a few enterprising and courageous camp-followers , evading the grasp of the gendarmes , had clung on to the last , but eventually all that remained were three elderly townsmen [let/allowed] to run a canteen for the troops .

For all the agricultural losses , food rationing had never become a serious matter ; in 1914 , the fabrication of croissants was banned , but permitted again after only five months .
for all the agricultural losses , food rationing had never become a serious matter ; in 1914 , the fabrication of croissants was banned , but [let/allowed] again after only five months .

( Had he been permitted to use these qualities , who can tell how different the fate of Germany , and all Europe , might have been ? )
( had he been [let/allowed] to use these qualities , who can tell how different the fate of germany , and all europe , might have been ? )

The objectives of the promoter may conflict with those of the retailer or distributor ; consequently some sales employees are not permitted to accept incentives or participate in trade contests because their management wish to maintain strict control over their selling activities .
the objectives of the promoter may conflict with those of the retailer or distributor ; consequently some sales employees are not [let/allowed] to accept incentives or participate in trade contests because their management wish to maintain strict control over their selling activities .

This is because the conditions needed for the Big Bang had to be so finely tuned — to an amazing one part in 10 & sup60 ; ( a big number even on a cosmic scale ) — that the most minute variations would not have permitted any life at all to develop .
this is because the conditions needed for the big bang had to be so finely tuned — to an amazing one part in 10 & sup60 ; ( a big number even on a cosmic scale ) — that the most minute variations would not have [let/allowed] any life at all to develop .

It retained water and yet had subtle membranes which permitted air to penetrate and facilitated waste disposal of the embryo .
it retained water and yet had subtle membranes which [let/allowed] air to penetrate and facilitated waste disposal of the embryo .

No violence to animals and no insensitive , deliberate exploitation of nature can be permitted or tolerated .
no violence to animals and no insensitive , deliberate exploitation of nature can be [let/allowed] or tolerated .

These can only give extra benefits to those legal rights just discussed and are not permitted to affect them .
these can only give extra benefits to those legal rights just discussed and are not [let/allowed] to affect them .

The emir was not permitted to legislate , to appropriate land for public or commercial purposes , to exercise any control over aliens in his territory , or to appoint or depose his subordinate chiefs .
the emir was not [let/allowed] to legislate , to appropriate land for public or commercial purposes , to exercise any control over aliens in his territory , or to appoint or depose his subordinate chiefs .

Sexual relationships can be liberating and affirming , they can offer intimacy and support , an outlet for emotional intensity not permitted in most other close relationships .
sexual relationships can be liberating and affirming , they can offer intimacy and support , an outlet for emotional intensity not [let/allowed] in most other close relationships .

The public understands more easily what it means for an old lady to have five pounds snatched from her purse than to grasp the financial significance of 25 million customers paying one penny more for orange juice diluted beyond the level permitted by law .
the public understands more easily what it means for an old lady to have five pounds snatched from her purse than to grasp the financial significance of 25 million customers paying one penny more for orange juice diluted beyond the level [let/allowed] by law .

‘ The most blameworthy acts are so often absolved by success that the boundary between what is permitted and what is prohibited , what is just and what is unjust , has nothing fixed about it , but seems susceptible to almost arbitrary change by individuals . ’ ( Émile Durkheim )
‘ the most blameworthy acts are so often absolved by success that the boundary between what is [let/allowed] and what is prohibited , what is just and what is unjust , has nothing fixed about it , but seems susceptible to almost arbitrary change by individuals . ’ ( émile durkheim )

When Grunenthal finally decided to make civil compensation to the satisfaction of suffering parents and children , the federal government 's prosecution lost the bit between its teeth and permitted the hearing to be suspended indefinitely .
when grunenthal finally decided to make civil compensation to the satisfaction of suffering parents and children , the federal government 's prosecution lost the bit between its teeth and [let/allowed] the hearing to be suspended indefinitely .

Platt has had to wait in the wings because he is one of four foreign players fighting for the permitted three places .
platt has had to wait in the wings because he is one of four foreign players fighting for the [let/allowed] three places .

Dogs on leads permitted .
dogs on leads [let/allowed] .

The Irish punt was driven down to its permitted ‘ floor ’ yesterday even though the economy is in good shape .
the irish punt was driven down to its [let/allowed] ‘ floor ’ yesterday even though the economy is in good shape .

The Italian lira floated down to below its previous permitted floor yesterday .
the italian lira floated down to below its previous [let/allowed] floor yesterday .

At one point , the franc dropped below its permitted floor in the European Monetary System .
at one point , the franc dropped below its [let/allowed] floor in the european monetary system .

Apollo , who thought copyright law permitted short extracts from musicals and face ‘ advance ’ costs of £50,000 , said :
apollo , who thought copyright law [let/allowed] short extracts from musicals and face ‘ advance ’ costs of £50,000 , said :

She is not permitted to talk to anyone about the marriage now .
she is not [let/allowed] to talk to anyone about the marriage now .

But they could n't stop it flopping to 3.79 German marks — just a fraction above the lowest permitted level .
but they could n't stop it flopping to 3.79 german marks — just a fraction above the lowest [let/allowed] level .

This does not mean that nuclear use is permitted under the laws of war , for the fundamental principles regarding such matters as protection of non-combatants remain .
this does not mean that nuclear use is [let/allowed] under the laws of war , for the fundamental principles regarding such matters as protection of non-combatants remain .

The legitimate waging of armed conflict is now confined to self-defence — an exception which is generally permitted in municipal law .
the legitimate waging of armed conflict is now confined to self-defence — an exception which is generally [let/allowed] in municipal law .

One other possible implication of the magic formula is that the Crown is alienable by the monarch , within the limits permitted by the common law rules of limitation .
one other possible implication of the magic formula is that the crown is alienable by the monarch , within the limits [let/allowed] by the common law rules of limitation .

When , in a similar situation in 1947 , the House of Lords threatened to block the steel nationalisation programme of the Labour administration , to the maximum extent permitted by the 1911 Act , that government responded by curbing its powers still further , by forcing through the Parliament Act 1949 .
when , in a similar situation in 1947 , the house of lords threatened to block the steel nationalisation programme of the labour administration , to the maximum extent [let/allowed] by the 1911 act , that government responded by curbing its powers still further , by forcing through the parliament act 1949 .

It is , however , a measure of the extent to which ideas have changed that the most important and influential officers of all , Ministers of the Crown , are permitted , indeed almost required , to have seats in Parliament .
it is , however , a measure of the extent to which ideas have changed that the most important and influential officers of all , ministers of the crown , are [let/allowed] , indeed almost required , to have seats in parliament .

Only one main branch is permitted , along which shoots above branch level are spaced at a minimum of 15 centimetre intervals .
only one main branch is [let/allowed] , along which shoots above branch level are spaced at a minimum of 15 centimetre intervals .

In Guyot simple a single , annually renewable branch is allowed with ten productive buds , whereas for Guyot double two annually renewable branches are permitted with eight buds each .
in guyot simple a single , annually renewable branch is allowed with ten productive buds , whereas for guyot double two annually renewable branches are [let/allowed] with eight buds each .

It was pointed out that this ensured the highest quality from such a large harvest and that the overall permitted yield of 95 hectolitres per hectare was in fact lower than the 95.3 hectolitres per hectare granted in 1982 .
it was pointed out that this ensured the highest quality from such a large harvest and that the overall [let/allowed] yield of 95 hectolitres per hectare was in fact lower than the 95.3 hectolitres per hectare granted in 1982 .

There is n't even a choice of formations , never mind the sort of position/marking tactics permitted in Tracksuit Manager .
there is n't even a choice of formations , never mind the sort of position/marking tactics [let/allowed] in tracksuit manager .

Because of ever-tightening security arrangements , Linda Kitson of the Falklands , and John Keane of the Gulf , were only permitted to record preparations and the aftermath of their respective wars , rather than fullblooded action .
because of ever-tightening security arrangements , linda kitson of the falklands , and john keane of the gulf , were only [let/allowed] to record preparations and the aftermath of their respective wars , rather than fullblooded action .

Indeed in the case of Bijlmermeer , there is concern over the residents ' increased fear of assault by assailants concealed in shrubbery close to walkways between the flat blocks , so that in future some vehicular access to some of the blocks is to be permitted , even though it undermines the integrity of the segregation principle .
indeed in the case of bijlmermeer , there is concern over the residents ' increased fear of assault by assailants concealed in shrubbery close to walkways between the flat blocks , so that in future some vehicular access to some of the blocks is to be [let/allowed] , even though it undermines the integrity of the segregation principle .

Rows of parked cars must not be permitted , so that children can not dash out unseen .
rows of parked cars must not be [let/allowed] , so that children can not dash out unseen .

Obtrusive yellow lines restricting parking are avoided by the simple expedient of allowing parking only in places indicated , the reverse of the more usual situation where it is permitted except where banned ( Figure 4.5 ) .
obtrusive yellow lines restricting parking are avoided by the simple expedient of allowing parking only in places indicated , the reverse of the more usual situation where it is [let/allowed] except where banned ( figure 4.5 ) .

Crossings took the traditional form ( Figure 6.11 ) : there is no doubt here as to whom the road is for , or that walkers may only cross when permitted to do so by car drivers .
crossings took the traditional form ( figure 6.11 ) : there is no doubt here as to whom the road is for , or that walkers may only cross when [let/allowed] to do so by car drivers .

In both cases however , they have reduced speeds sharply and have permitted a degree of multifunctional use of the space ( Figures 6.31 and 6 .
in both cases however , they have reduced speeds sharply and have [let/allowed] a degree of multifunctional use of the space ( figures 6.31 and 6 .

This permitted parallel parking on one side of the road , in addition to the pre-existing right-angle parking on the other , thereby raising parking provision by 50 per cent ( Figure 6.49 ) .
this [let/allowed] parallel parking on one side of the road , in addition to the pre-existing right-angle parking on the other , thereby raising parking provision by 50 per cent ( figure 6.49 ) .

Britain has had an unrivalled opportunity to do this in the post-war new towns , where the circumstances permitted experimentation with all manner of innovative layouts .
britain has had an unrivalled opportunity to do this in the post-war new towns , where the circumstances [let/allowed] experimentation with all manner of innovative layouts .

To ensure shortest-path routes for cyclists and to increase their safety and comfort , cycle traffic can be permitted to deviate from existing traffic regulations .
to ensure shortest-path routes for cyclists and to increase their safety and comfort , cycle traffic can be [let/allowed] to deviate from existing traffic regulations .

The match itself ? Yes , there were 300 or so other overs bowled on the four days of play permitted by the weather , with nine innings passing 50 , and even the extras in England 's innings passing the half-century .
the match itself ? yes , there were 300 or so other overs bowled on the four days of play [let/allowed] by the weather , with nine innings passing 50 , and even the extras in england 's innings passing the half-century .

But he made it clear when he arrived in Perth the next day that he disagreed with Marsh 's sacking , an interesting observation given that the players ' code of behaviour specifically states that they are not permitted to comment on selection decisions .
but he made it clear when he arrived in perth the next day that he disagreed with marsh 's sacking , an interesting observation given that the players ' code of behaviour specifically states that they are not [let/allowed] to comment on selection decisions .

Access to these tunnels is limited to the town guard and to certain licensed adventurers who are permitted to search for ancient treasures amongst the ancient tombs and catacombs .
access to these tunnels is limited to the town guard and to certain licensed adventurers who are [let/allowed] to search for ancient treasures amongst the ancient tombs and catacombs .

The model equipped with a ball and chain adds +1 strength bonus on all hits , and no saving throw is permitted for damage inflicted .
the model equipped with a ball and chain adds +1 strength bonus on all hits , and no saving throw is [let/allowed] for damage inflicted .

No saving throws are permitted .
no saving throws are [let/allowed] .

The points allowance which you are permitted to spend on characters includes the value of their armour and weapons , any magic items they have , and a steed if they are mounted .
the points allowance which you are [let/allowed] to spend on characters includes the value of their armour and weapons , any magic items they have , and a steed if they are mounted .

If a character rides a monster its points value is included in the points you are allowed to spend on characters and not the points you are permitted for monsters .
if a character rides a monster its points value is included in the points you are allowed to spend on characters and not the points you are [let/allowed] for monsters .

The proportion of points permitted for monsters is for monsters without riders .
the proportion of points [let/allowed] for monsters is for monsters without riders .

The points value which you are permitted to spend on characters includes the points paid for champions of regiments .
the points value which you are [let/allowed] to spend on characters includes the points paid for champions of regiments .

Some regiments are permitted magic standards .
some regiments are [let/allowed] magic standards .

Units are permitted champions .
units are [let/allowed] champions .

Champions are always equipped exactly like the rest of the unit , except that they are permitted one magic item in addition .
champions are always equipped exactly like the rest of the unit , except that they are [let/allowed] one magic item in addition .

In addition , no mortal armour can withstand a blow from the Sword of Justice — no saving throws are therefore permitted .
in addition , no mortal armour can withstand a blow from the sword of justice — no saving throws are therefore [let/allowed] .

The right of the inspector to be present at a review board had been legally challenged on one occasion and it was obviously necessary that he should be permitted to attend .
the right of the inspector to be present at a review board had been legally challenged on one occasion and it was obviously necessary that he should be [let/allowed] to attend .

Guide Dogs and wheelchairs are welcome but we regret that pushchairs and dogs are not permitted in the exhibition hall .
guide dogs and wheelchairs are welcome but we regret that pushchairs and dogs are not [let/allowed] in the exhibition hall .

The 164 Cloverleaf has been uprated to 200bhp , delivering 0 to 60 mph in 7.5 seconds and a top speed of 147 mph ( where permitted ) .
the 164 cloverleaf has been uprated to 200bhp , delivering 0 to 60 mph in 7.5 seconds and a top speed of 147 mph ( where [let/allowed] ) .

Because of ever-tightening security arrangements , Linda Kitson of the Falklands , and John Keane of the Gulf , were only permitted to record preparations and the aftermath of their respective wars , rather than fullblooded action .
because of ever-tightening security arrangements , linda kitson of the falklands , and john keane of the gulf , were only [let/allowed] to record preparations and the aftermath of their respective wars , rather than fullblooded action .

Completion of the mapping on the Trevose Head ( 335 ) sheet in Cornwall permitted an appreciation of the sedimentary features of the predominant Trevose Slate Formation ( Eifelian-Frasnian ) and its significance in the evolution of the Trevone Basin .
completion of the mapping on the trevose head ( 335 ) sheet in cornwall [let/allowed] an appreciation of the sedimentary features of the predominant trevose slate formation ( eifelian-frasnian ) and its significance in the evolution of the trevone basin .

Firstly , there is the troubled keeper position to review after loanee Carl Emberson has made his final permitted appearance against Cardiff City before returning to Millwall .
firstly , there is the troubled keeper position to review after loanee carl emberson has made his final [let/allowed] appearance against cardiff city before returning to millwall .

The Tribune Group voted against John Prescott 's challenge to Hattersley for the deputy leadership in 1988 after ruling that he should not be permitted to speak .
the tribune group voted against john prescott 's challenge to hattersley for the deputy leadership in 1988 after ruling that he should not be [let/allowed] to speak .

Were one permitted one confident prediction , it would be of the likelihood of an increasingly oppressive authority in areas of urban desolation .
were one [let/allowed] one confident prediction , it would be of the likelihood of an increasingly oppressive authority in areas of urban desolation .

Western diplomats said army chief General Melvin Khanga permitted his chaplain to read the letter in barracks .
western diplomats said army chief general melvin khanga [let/allowed] his chaplain to read the letter in barracks .

Please note that smoking is not permitted whilst on the coach ( except by the drivers ! )
please note that smoking is not [let/allowed] whilst on the coach ( except by the drivers ! )

These pictures are an extreme form of Orientalism , and permitted an expression of voluptuousness and cruelty otherwise unacceptable to Victorian sensibilities .
these pictures are an extreme form of orientalism , and [let/allowed] an expression of voluptuousness and cruelty otherwise unacceptable to victorian sensibilities .

If , in that final act of patronage permitted to departing opposition party leaders , Neil Kinnock could be persuaded to put forward for peerage the names of the Labour Party general secretary , Larry Whitty , and its director of organisation , Joyce Gould , he might mark the end of his leadership by making some minor compensation for the mess he has left behind him .
if , in that final act of patronage [let/allowed] to departing opposition party leaders , neil kinnock could be persuaded to put forward for peerage the names of the labour party general secretary , larry whitty , and its director of organisation , joyce gould , he might mark the end of his leadership by making some minor compensation for the mess he has left behind him .

Unlike the electorate , apparently , Labour members ca n't be permitted to decide to reject a candidate by voting for someone else : instead , candidates have to be carefully sanitised .
unlike the electorate , apparently , labour members ca n't be [let/allowed] to decide to reject a candidate by voting for someone else : instead , candidates have to be carefully sanitised .

These children were permitted to wash and dress , and even to take with them pendants their father gave them .
these children were [let/allowed] to wash and dress , and even to take with them pendants their father gave them .

The children were allowed no breakfast , the younger two were not permitted to go to the bathroom , and none of them was allowed to take a single personal possession , not even a teddy bear or something to be a link with home .
the children were allowed no breakfast , the younger two were not [let/allowed] to go to the bathroom , and none of them was allowed to take a single personal possession , not even a teddy bear or something to be a link with home .

Older siblings living in mainland Scotland were not permitted to see or communicate with their younger brothers and sisters , even though they were in no way involved or implicated in the allegations that had been made against the parents .
older siblings living in mainland scotland were not [let/allowed] to see or communicate with their younger brothers and sisters , even though they were in no way involved or implicated in the allegations that had been made against the parents .

At no time could the department justify why they had not allowed a rabbi to visit the two Jewish children in the mainland foster homes , or permitted Quakers to visit the two Quaker children , Can all these refusals really have been in the best interests of the children ?
at no time could the department justify why they had not allowed a rabbi to visit the two jewish children in the mainland foster homes , or [let/allowed] quakers to visit the two quaker children , can all these refusals really have been in the best interests of the children ?

‘ Anyway , we are not permitted to use the names of living members of the Royal Family in this way .
‘ anyway , we are not [let/allowed] to use the names of living members of the royal family in this way .

This may have been a late flowering of the ‘ badinage ’ that he used to partake in as a Young Conservative with Brixton locals , but so sensitive is Major about his background , that the public is permitted to hear only the Authorised Version .
this may have been a late flowering of the ‘ badinage ’ that he used to partake in as a young conservative with brixton locals , but so sensitive is major about his background , that the public is [let/allowed] to hear only the authorised version .

Precisely who first devised the conical form of the sail on the special stunters that followed out of California and Hawaii is not recorded.The camber of the sail was natural anyway , the Radcliffe bridle had established the bridle points , but the new designers ( Tony Cyphert and Don Tabor are often credited ) added the rear cross-spar and this permitted the trihedron bridle which also absorbed the strain on glass fibre spars .
precisely who first devised the conical form of the sail on the special stunters that followed out of california and hawaii is not recorded.the camber of the sail was natural anyway , the radcliffe bridle had established the bridle points , but the new designers ( tony cyphert and don tabor are often credited ) added the rear cross-spar and this [let/allowed] the trihedron bridle which also absorbed the strain on glass fibre spars .

No wonder it tows the Peter Lynn Buggy ( with himself steering on board ) all over wherever land surfing and similar buggy racing is permitted .
no wonder it tows the peter lynn buggy ( with himself steering on board ) all over wherever land surfing and similar buggy racing is [let/allowed] .

An emissary would be permitted to leave Berwick to apprise the so-called Regent of this arrangement .
an emissary would be [let/allowed] to leave berwick to apprise the so-called regent of this arrangement .

Should these state governments be permitted to use their radio services to promote the interests and policies of the ruling parties ?
should these state governments be [let/allowed] to use their radio services to promote the interests and policies of the ruling parties ?

To alter the premises only as permitted by the Landlord
to alter the premises only as [let/allowed] by the landlord

It was not the kindness that had first struck Dinah Asshe , but a young man 's interest in herself ; she had not been permitted to meet many young men .
it was not the kindness that had first struck dinah asshe , but a young man 's interest in herself ; she had not been [let/allowed] to meet many young men .

Recently Asshe 's young daughter — Dinah was seventeen — had been permitted to play Cordelia to her father 's Lear .
recently asshe 's young daughter — dinah was seventeen — had been [let/allowed] to play cordelia to her father 's lear .

She permitted him to kiss her cheek .
she [let/allowed] him to kiss her cheek .

Old Asshe had liked him , he had been certain , and should have welcomed him as a son-in-law ; but evidently no man in the world was to be permitted to fill that position .
old asshe had liked him , he had been certain , and should have welcomed him as a son-in-law ; but evidently no man in the world was to be [let/allowed] to fill that position .

He had an idea that Dinah might not be permitted to open her own letters , or perhaps would throw them aside if there were too many admirers ; but surely she would take notice of the sketch .
he had an idea that dinah might not be [let/allowed] to open her own letters , or perhaps would throw them aside if there were too many admirers ; but surely she would take notice of the sketch .

Managers are expected to keep their house open for all the hours permitted by law .
managers are expected to keep their house open for all the hours [let/allowed] by law .

Manville permitted himself a smile .
manville [let/allowed] himself a smile .

The extent of the practice is , however , obscured by the widespread custom that permitted tenants to make demises for up to a year — in some places as much as three — without licence from the lord of the manor .
the extent of the practice is , however , obscured by the widespread custom that [let/allowed] tenants to make demises for up to a year — in some places as much as three — without licence from the lord of the manor .

The Committee was warned , however , that while under the terms of the Public Health Act of 1925 reasonable subscriptions by a local authority to a voluntary hospital or institution were permitted ; their expenditure was not to exceed the equivalent of the penny-in-the-pound ( 0.4° ) rate on the property liable to be rated for such expenditure .
the committee was warned , however , that while under the terms of the public health act of 1925 reasonable subscriptions by a local authority to a voluntary hospital or institution were [let/allowed] ; their expenditure was not to exceed the equivalent of the penny-in-the-pound ( 0.4° ) rate on the property liable to be rated for such expenditure .

The rules of the infirmary permitted the honorary medical staff ( and later the house-surgeon ) to take on such pupils , but how many there were at any one time and whether they were resident or not was seldom recorded .
the rules of the infirmary [let/allowed] the honorary medical staff ( and later the house-surgeon ) to take on such pupils , but how many there were at any one time and whether they were resident or not was seldom recorded .

It is well worth putting aside a portion of your points to buy magic standards , for those units that are permitted them , and magic items for your leaders .
it is well worth putting aside a portion of your points to buy magic standards , for those units that are [let/allowed] them , and magic items for your leaders .

No saving throws are permitted for armour from Fanatic attacks .
no saving throws are [let/allowed] for armour from fanatic attacks .

You are permitted to spend only a certain maximum proportion of your points on each each of these categories .
you are [let/allowed] to spend only a certain maximum proportion of your points on each each of these categories .

The portion of the army 's points value which you are permitted to spend on characters includes the value of characters ' armour and weapons , any magic items they have , a steed if they are mounted , a monster if they ride a monster , and a chariot and its crew if they ride a chariot .
the portion of the army 's points value which you are [let/allowed] to spend on characters includes the value of characters ' armour and weapons , any magic items they have , a steed if they are mounted , a monster if they ride a monster , and a chariot and its crew if they ride a chariot .

The proportion of your army 's points permitted for monsters is for monsters without riders , and this is quite separate .
the proportion of your army 's points [let/allowed] for monsters is for monsters without riders , and this is quite separate .

Some units are permitted magic standards .
some units are [let/allowed] magic standards .

Units are permitted champions which in the case of Orcs and Goblins are called Bosses .
units are [let/allowed] champions which in the case of orcs and goblins are called bosses .

Bosses are always equipped exactly as the rest of the unit , except that they are permitted one magic item in addition .
bosses are always equipped exactly as the rest of the unit , except that they are [let/allowed] one magic item in addition .

It delineated permitted forms of sexuality , such as those directed towards economically necessary levels of reproduction , and it regulated sexualities which exceeded these limits .
it delineated [let/allowed] forms of sexuality , such as those directed towards economically necessary levels of reproduction , and it regulated sexualities which exceeded these limits .

No save is permitted .
no save is [let/allowed] .

The proportion of points permitted to your army for monsters is for monsters without riders .
the proportion of points [let/allowed] to your army for monsters is for monsters without riders .

Some regiments are permitted magic standards .
some regiments are [let/allowed] magic standards .

Units are permitted champions .
units are [let/allowed] champions .

Champions are always equipped in exactly the same way as the rest of the unit , except that they are permitted one magic item in addition .
champions are always equipped in exactly the same way as the rest of the unit , except that they are [let/allowed] one magic item in addition .

Other regulations deal with such things as questions of public taste and decency , the proportion of foreign programmes permitted on air and the extent of permissible foreign ownership in British commercial television ( and radio ) companies .
other regulations deal with such things as questions of public taste and decency , the proportion of foreign programmes [let/allowed] on air and the extent of permissible foreign ownership in british commercial television ( and radio ) companies .

Secondly , individuals who were controlling directors were no longer permitted to resign just before retirement to boost their salary but instead had to use the three year average method of calculation .
secondly , individuals who were controlling directors were no longer [let/allowed] to resign just before retirement to boost their salary but instead had to use the three year average method of calculation .

The greatest amount normally permitted is one-and-a-half times your average final salary up to a ceiling of £1 12,500 ( or higher if your pension plan pre-dates the 1989 Budget ) .
the greatest amount normally [let/allowed] is one-and-a-half times your average final salary up to a ceiling of £1 12,500 ( or higher if your pension plan pre-dates the 1989 budget ) .

Since the goddess herself was not permitted to die , the annual death and rebirth were acted out by a young male Year-spirit , a small and inferior deity who took the roles of son and consort , and represented the important principle of discontinuity in nature .
since the goddess herself was not [let/allowed] to die , the annual death and rebirth were acted out by a young male year-spirit , a small and inferior deity who took the roles of son and consort , and represented the important principle of discontinuity in nature .

Along with this has often gone a general rejection of the idea of a First Philosophy , more secure than , or prior to , the sciences , and an acceptance of the naturalistic doctrine that a philosophical account of knowledge should be permitted to use empirical information drawn from the sciences .
along with this has often gone a general rejection of the idea of a first philosophy , more secure than , or prior to , the sciences , and an acceptance of the naturalistic doctrine that a philosophical account of knowledge should be [let/allowed] to use empirical information drawn from the sciences .

Physicalism is adopted as a regulative principle because physical objects provide the most familiar examples of ‘ things ’ ; physics is permitted to provide our standards of reality or thinghood .
physicalism is adopted as a regulative principle because physical objects provide the most familiar examples of ‘ things ’ ; physics is [let/allowed] to provide our standards of reality or thinghood .

Three out of four of these accidents fix on the properties of individual men as decisive variables directing the course of events : had Churchill been a less charismatic politician Britain might have given up her fight against Germany ; had Franco permitted an assault on Gibraltar it would probably have fallen ; and if Mussolini had not ‘ taken it into his head ’ to invade Greece , Hitler would have moved into Russia .
three out of four of these accidents fix on the properties of individual men as decisive variables directing the course of events : had churchill been a less charismatic politician britain might have given up her fight against germany ; had franco [let/allowed] an assault on gibraltar it would probably have fallen ; and if mussolini had not ‘ taken it into his head ’ to invade greece , hitler would have moved into russia .

At a Symposium organized to pay tribute to Darwin a hundred years after his death , it is perhaps permitted to expand on one tiny fragment of ecological research that may truly be said to have been directly stimulated by Darwin 's own writings , in particular by the paragraph quoted as heading to this paper .
at a symposium organized to pay tribute to darwin a hundred years after his death , it is perhaps [let/allowed] to expand on one tiny fragment of ecological research that may truly be said to have been directly stimulated by darwin 's own writings , in particular by the paragraph quoted as heading to this paper .

Visits are not encouraged and , if permitted , are best not preceded by a heavy lunch .
visits are not encouraged and , if [let/allowed] , are best not preceded by a heavy lunch .

However , even if the development of vital drugs like antibiotics was a permitted exception , the implementation of such a policy would have lunatic implications .
however , even if the development of vital drugs like antibiotics was a [let/allowed] exception , the implementation of such a policy would have lunatic implications .

Litter problems and a high fire risk have led to a crackdown on wild camping along the route , though camping and bivvying near huts is permitted .
litter problems and a high fire risk have led to a crackdown on wild camping along the route , though camping and bivvying near huts is [let/allowed] .

‘ Jesus replied , ‘ Moses permitted you to divorce your wives because your hearts were hard .
‘ jesus replied , ‘ moses [let/allowed] you to divorce your wives because your hearts were hard .

Jesus 's reply displays great concern for what Moses actually said : ‘ Moses permitted you … .
jesus 's reply displays great concern for what moses actually said : ‘ moses [let/allowed] you … .

From now on , the aerodrome is open to visitors , but by prior permission only and only aerial carriages of some distinction and age will be permitted to alight .
from now on , the aerodrome is open to visitors , but by prior permission only and only aerial carriages of some distinction and age will be [let/allowed] to alight .

Patterson found that only the problem child was permitted to be out of control in interaction with the parents , while all of the children were permitted to be out of control when interacting with each other .
patterson found that only the problem child was [let/allowed] to be out of control in interaction with the parents , while all of the children were [let/allowed] to be out of control when interacting with each other .

Usually parents are permitted to stop using the alarm if the child has had fourteen to twenty-one dry nights , but need to be warned that the child may relapse for a short time .
usually parents are [let/allowed] to stop using the alarm if the child has had fourteen to twenty-one dry nights , but need to be warned that the child may relapse for a short time .

The task of the sociology of science was to study the social context that permitted science to proceed according to the norms of this ethos .
the task of the sociology of science was to study the social context that [let/allowed] science to proceed according to the norms of this ethos .

If Mannheim 's programme for the sociology of knowledge is not to have the nihilistic effect of reducing consciousness to the material content of history , then some degree of agency must be permitted to the human individual to affect both the production of knowledge and the process of history .
if mannheim 's programme for the sociology of knowledge is not to have the nihilistic effect of reducing consciousness to the material content of history , then some degree of agency must be [let/allowed] to the human individual to affect both the production of knowledge and the process of history .

The values for the attributes of node are constrained by the variables such as ssmin and ssmax which specify the minimum and maximum values permitted for subsection numbers .
the values for the attributes of node are constrained by the variables such as ssmin and ssmax which specify the minimum and maximum values [let/allowed] for subsection numbers .

There is therefore a need for restrictions on the actions that are permitted on objects that participate in trails .
there is therefore a need for restrictions on the actions that are [let/allowed] on objects that participate in trails .

The humans and their needs had to be squeezed in when time and space permitted .
the humans and their needs had to be squeezed in when time and space [let/allowed] .

You were permitted to enter .
you were [let/allowed] to enter .

‘ You were permitted to enter the country , ’ Cowley repeated , ‘ as a visitor .
‘ you were [let/allowed] to enter the country , ’ cowley repeated , ‘ as a visitor .

Any bar or disco which exceeds its permitted decibel limit can be shut down on the spot for the night by police .
any bar or disco which exceeds its [let/allowed] decibel limit can be shut down on the spot for the night by police .

used ( or caused or permitted to be used )
used ( or caused or [let/allowed] to be used )

‘ used ( or caused or permitted to be used ) ’
‘ used ( or caused or [let/allowed] to be used ) ’

‘ in a public place called … ‘ 'Public place ’ includes any highway and any other premises or place to which at the material time the public have or are permitted to have access whether on payment or otherwise ( section 1 ( 4 ) Prevention of Crime Act 1953 ) .
‘ in a public place called … ‘ 'public place ’ includes any highway and any other premises or place to which at the material time the public have or are [let/allowed] to have access whether on payment or otherwise ( section 1 ( 4 ) prevention of crime act 1953 ) .

Is it permitted to do good or to do evil on the Sabbath , to save life or to destroy it ( Mark 3:4 ; Luke 14:3 ) .
is it [let/allowed] to do good or to do evil on the sabbath , to save life or to destroy it ( mark 3:4 ; luke 14:3 ) .

Is it permitted to do good or to do evil on the Sabbath ; to save life or to kill ? ( Mark 3:4 ) .
is it [let/allowed] to do good or to do evil on the sabbath ; to save life or to kill ? ( mark 3:4 ) .

Are we or are we not permitted to pay taxes to the Roman Emperor ? ( Mark 12:14 ) .
are we or are we not [let/allowed] to pay taxes to the roman emperor ? ( mark 12:14 ) .

‘ As the permitted sound level limits fall , tyre noise is becoming increasingly significant , ’ says Rosemary Bailey , project engineer in the noise and vibration department at the Motor Industry Research Association at Nuneaton .
‘ as the [let/allowed] sound level limits fall , tyre noise is becoming increasingly significant , ’ says rosemary bailey , project engineer in the noise and vibration department at the motor industry research association at nuneaton .

Aldridge , however , signalled a no-ball , ruling that the ball flew above the permitted height under the series rules .
aldridge , however , signalled a no-ball , ruling that the ball flew above the [let/allowed] height under the series rules .

Mr Evans-Lombe concluded by saying that , if he were wrong in holding that s 20 ( 1 ) ( a ) permitted words to be added to a will , he would have held that the 1989 will should be struck down as failing to give true effect to Mrs Wordingham 's intentions .
mr evans-lombe concluded by saying that , if he were wrong in holding that s 20 ( 1 ) ( a ) [let/allowed] words to be added to a will , he would have held that the 1989 will should be struck down as failing to give true effect to mrs wordingham 's intentions .

Sub-letting a part may be prohibited , and if sub-letting of part is permitted there will typically be a requirement to let the premises outside the security of tenure and compensation regulations in the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 .
sub-letting a part may be prohibited , and if sub-letting of part is [let/allowed] there will typically be a requirement to let the premises outside the security of tenure and compensation regulations in the landlord and tenant act 1954 .

Some scholars define crime as deviance from a social consensus of permitted behaviour .
some scholars define crime as deviance from a social consensus of [let/allowed] behaviour .

But given these conditions , egoism is not only possible , it may be permitted by ‘ Be aware ’ .
but given these conditions , egoism is not only possible , it may be [let/allowed] by ‘ be aware ’ .

If so , ‘ Be aware ’ is no securer than any other proposed foundation of morals ; better settle for the Assassins ' ‘ Nothing is true , everything is permitted ’ .
if so , ‘ be aware ’ is no securer than any other proposed foundation of morals ; better settle for the assassins ' ‘ nothing is true , everything is [let/allowed] ’ .

The Company were permitted to construct Tramways Nos .
the company were [let/allowed] to construct tramways nos .

The Company were not permitted to construct Tramway No .
the company were not [let/allowed] to construct tramway no .

It would then be regarded as the property of the Company who were then permitted to run cars over it , only between the hours of 9.00 p.m. and 9.00 a.m .
it would then be regarded as the property of the company who were then [let/allowed] to run cars over it , only between the hours of 9.00 p.m. and 9.00 a.m .

They had spacious vestibules at both ends to give a large standing capacity , which regulations never permitted to be used to the full .
they had spacious vestibules at both ends to give a large standing capacity , which regulations never [let/allowed] to be used to the full .

Likewise , our Institute must lobby to ensure that , if change has to come , then only registered auditors or at least members of the Institute are permitted to sign the compilation report .
likewise , our institute must lobby to ensure that , if change has to come , then only registered auditors or at least members of the institute are [let/allowed] to sign the compilation report .

Where committed facilities are in existence at the balance sheet date which permit the refinancing of debt for a period beyond its maturity , the earliest date at which the lender has the right to demand repayment should be taken to be the maturity date of the longest refinancing permitted by a facility in respect of which all the following conditions are met :
where committed facilities are in existence at the balance sheet date which permit the refinancing of debt for a period beyond its maturity , the earliest date at which the lender has the right to demand repayment should be taken to be the maturity date of the longest refinancing [let/allowed] by a facility in respect of which all the following conditions are met :

Where the maturity of debt is assessed by reference to that of refinancing permitted by facilities in accordance with paragraph 31 , the amounts of the debt so treated , analysed by the earliest date on which the lender could demand repayment in the absence of the facilities , should be disclosed .
where the maturity of debt is assessed by reference to that of refinancing [let/allowed] by facilities in accordance with paragraph 31 , the amounts of the debt so treated , analysed by the earliest date on which the lender could demand repayment in the absence of the facilities , should be disclosed .

We are not allowed to play the 15-aside game on soccer pitches because of the scrummaging , but sevens is permitted ’ .
we are not allowed to play the 15-aside game on soccer pitches because of the scrummaging , but sevens is [let/allowed] ’ .

The Directive permitted a right to apply to the courts against decisions by the relevant national authorities without restricting the exercise of discretion by those authorities .
the directive [let/allowed] a right to apply to the courts against decisions by the relevant national authorities without restricting the exercise of discretion by those authorities .

absence of exchange controls on permitted activities ;
absence of exchange controls on [let/allowed] activities ;

The Institute believes that sole practice should continue to be permitted , but with extra safeguards .
the institute believes that sole practice should continue to be [let/allowed] , but with extra safeguards .

From 1 January 1994 underwriting agents will only be permitted to act as combined agents with Council consent if the agent has not more than 100 members , or it appears that the members ' agency function is sufficiently autonomous , or in the case of a combined agent whose members ' agency function is limited to run-off , it appears to be in members ' interests .
from 1 january 1994 underwriting agents will only be [let/allowed] to act as combined agents with council consent if the agent has not more than 100 members , or it appears that the members ' agency function is sufficiently autonomous , or in the case of a combined agent whose members ' agency function is limited to run-off , it appears to be in members ' interests .

The granting of the security was not permitted by Jarrad 's memorandum or articles .
the granting of the security was not [let/allowed] by jarrad 's memorandum or articles .

Chairman Michael Morris said a debate was out of order , but hinted it may be permitted later .
chairman michael morris said a debate was out of order , but hinted it may be [let/allowed] later .

At the same time , it has permitted the formation of a more precise theory of relationships from which we may deduce evolutionary pathways .
at the same time , it has [let/allowed] the formation of a more precise theory of relationships from which we may deduce evolutionary pathways .

Even as early as the second stage of imprisonment conjugal visits are permitted every fifteen days .
even as early as the second stage of imprisonment conjugal visits are [let/allowed] every fifteen days .

It was certainly a comfortable start ; his allowance permitted him an apartment , a body servant and two horses .
it was certainly a comfortable start ; his allowance [let/allowed] him an apartment , a body servant and two horses .

Refused admission to French prisons , he discovered an ancient regulation which permitted entry to those giving alms to the prisoners , so promptly made use of it .
refused admission to french prisons , he discovered an ancient regulation which [let/allowed] entry to those giving alms to the prisoners , so promptly made use of it .

The division might more accurately be described as one between ‘ reactionary conservatives ’ and ‘ liberal conservatives ’ with hardly half-a-dozen genuine radicals in the Council chamber ( Archbishop Roberts was never once permitted to speak ! )
the division might more accurately be described as one between ‘ reactionary conservatives ’ and ‘ liberal conservatives ’ with hardly half-a-dozen genuine radicals in the council chamber ( archbishop roberts was never once [let/allowed] to speak ! )

The Council permitted the laity to communicate with the cup on a very few occasions .
the council [let/allowed] the laity to communicate with the cup on a very few occasions .

Evening Mass was permitted .
evening mass was [let/allowed] .

It is becoming difficult to imagine that for centuries even a nun receiving daily Communion was never once in her life permitted to receive the cup .
it is becoming difficult to imagine that for centuries even a nun receiving daily communion was never once in her life [let/allowed] to receive the cup .

Catholics are permitted to receive valid sacraments in other churches in similar circumstances of pastoral need .
catholics are [let/allowed] to receive valid sacraments in other churches in similar circumstances of pastoral need .

To protect themselves , they were to be permitted to say that this differential was being implemented ‘ at the Minister 's request ’ .
to protect themselves , they were to be [let/allowed] to say that this differential was being implemented ‘ at the minister 's request ’ .

The governments of secular Syria and of free-wheeling Lebanon permitted the printing of the book but it has been banned in Saudi Arabia and , under Saudi pressure , in Qatar , the United Arab Emirates and Egypt .
the governments of secular syria and of free-wheeling lebanon [let/allowed] the printing of the book but it has been banned in saudi arabia and , under saudi pressure , in qatar , the united arab emirates and egypt .

Political connections were often the principal criterion suggested to justify the promotion of an officer of excise , and some of them were quite ready to employ their own votes to advance their careers so long as this was permitted by Parliament .
political connections were often the principal criterion suggested to justify the promotion of an officer of excise , and some of them were quite ready to employ their own votes to advance their careers so long as this was [let/allowed] by parliament .

The problem , however , was that although efficiency demanded that an inspector be experienced and the commissioners , Fullerton believed , would appoint his son if they were permitted , ‘ they are actuated in all these matters by the influence of the Earle of Isla , who often fills up these employments at London without any presentments ’ .
the problem , however , was that although efficiency demanded that an inspector be experienced and the commissioners , fullerton believed , would appoint his son if they were [let/allowed] , ‘ they are actuated in all these matters by the influence of the earle of isla , who often fills up these employments at london without any presentments ’ .

Commissions in an expanding army might be made available without purchase , either to support the interest of Administration politicians or to stimulate recruiting and sometimes both , but rarely could they serve an opposition politician directly , although the fact that military commissions were not immediately under the control of the Government manager for Scotland permitted some indirect approaches by opposition members and their friends .
commissions in an expanding army might be made available without purchase , either to support the interest of administration politicians or to stimulate recruiting and sometimes both , but rarely could they serve an opposition politician directly , although the fact that military commissions were not immediately under the control of the government manager for scotland [let/allowed] some indirect approaches by opposition members and their friends .

In 1753 , for example , Provost William Christie of Stirling sought Lord Milton 's intervention with Lord Loudoun on behalf of his son-in-law , Ensign Gunning , who wished to purchase from Charles Elphinstone his commission as Lieutenant of Stirling Castle , or if that was not permitted , the commission of the Ensign of the Castle .
in 1753 , for example , provost william christie of stirling sought lord milton 's intervention with lord loudoun on behalf of his son-in-law , ensign gunning , who wished to purchase from charles elphinstone his commission as lieutenant of stirling castle , or if that was not [let/allowed] , the commission of the ensign of the castle .

They can not be permitted to isolate their child and view him or her as different from other blacks ; rather they must perceive their child to be an extension of other black people .
they can not be [let/allowed] to isolate their child and view him or her as different from other blacks ; rather they must perceive their child to be an extension of other black people .

Activities , which society had previously disapproved of and banned , are now permitted and can be freely indulged in .
activities , which society had previously disapproved of and banned , are now [let/allowed] and can be freely indulged in .

It would seem that she and her uncle are less than soul-mates and , of course , she will be feeling suitably grateful to you for having permitted her to speak to her folks .
it would seem that she and her uncle are less than soul-mates and , of course , she will be feeling suitably grateful to you for having [let/allowed] her to speak to her folks .

Unlike Lanfranc who aimed at creating a model community in accordance with the latest monastic thought without regard to local traditions , Anselm not only permitted , but welcomed , local habits of worship and models of sanctity , which Lanfranc had driven out with a strong arm .
unlike lanfranc who aimed at creating a model community in accordance with the latest monastic thought without regard to local traditions , anselm not only [let/allowed] , but welcomed , local habits of worship and models of sanctity , which lanfranc had driven out with a strong arm .

These seem to have had their fears that the flood gates holding back university collections are now opening confirmed , as Edinburgh University announced last month that it was proposing to sell a sculpture by Adrian de Vries or a Ruisdael landscape , bequeathed by Sir James Torrie , to help put right a deficit permitted over the last few years by a Treasurer who has since resigned .
these seem to have had their fears that the flood gates holding back university collections are now opening confirmed , as edinburgh university announced last month that it was proposing to sell a sculpture by adrian de vries or a ruisdael landscape , bequeathed by sir james torrie , to help put right a deficit [let/allowed] over the last few years by a treasurer who has since resigned .

All forms of ownership of cultural treasures , buildings , equipment and other cultural items are permitted .
all forms of ownership of cultural treasures , buildings , equipment and other cultural items are [let/allowed] .

It was permitted to offer only recommendations to the Committee of Ministers , without bring able to bind the latter in any way : quite often , the Committee simply chose to ignore or reject Assembly recommendations .
it was [let/allowed] to offer only recommendations to the committee of ministers , without bring able to bind the latter in any way : quite often , the committee simply chose to ignore or reject assembly recommendations .

During Flypast 's visit in early March , preparations were at a frantic pace for a limited opening in April , with progressive expansion as and when time and money permitted .
during flypast 's visit in early march , preparations were at a frantic pace for a limited opening in april , with progressive expansion as and when time and money [let/allowed] .

They would probably not work as a team again , and certainly it would be many months before the girl , on any pretext , work or vacation , was permitted to leave the country .
they would probably not work as a team again , and certainly it would be many months before the girl , on any pretext , work or vacation , was [let/allowed] to leave the country .

If that dwarf , Tariq , is permitted to build them a bomb … ’
if that dwarf , tariq , is [let/allowed] to build them a bomb … ’

They were attitudes which permitted no doubt about free-labour sugar driving out the produce of slaves or the consequent steady march towards emancipation through the rigours of the market combined with amelioration .
they were attitudes which [let/allowed] no doubt about free-labour sugar driving out the produce of slaves or the consequent steady march towards emancipation through the rigours of the market combined with amelioration .

News from missionaries , investigative visits and subsequent writing on the West Indies by Charles Stuart , Joseph Sturge and others provided the kind of detail which permitted attacks on the operation of the system as too little different from slavery to be supported as substantial progress .
news from missionaries , investigative visits and subsequent writing on the west indies by charles stuart , joseph sturge and others provided the kind of detail which [let/allowed] attacks on the operation of the system as too little different from slavery to be supported as substantial progress .

It did however reflect a sense of Britain 's central role in a world-wide economy and permitted individuals to believe they could contribute to a good cause without relying upon government or becoming enmeshed in politics .
it did however reflect a sense of britain 's central role in a world-wide economy and [let/allowed] individuals to believe they could contribute to a good cause without relying upon government or becoming enmeshed in politics .

Such heroic examples , concluded Brougham , looking both backwards and forwards in 1822 , permitted reformers to have confidence for the future .
such heroic examples , concluded brougham , looking both backwards and forwards in 1822 , [let/allowed] reformers to have confidence for the future .

It followed that no individual should boast of his role ‘ but be thankful that he has been permitted to be useful ’ .
it followed that no individual should boast of his role ‘ but be thankful that he has been [let/allowed] to be useful ’ .

He too insisted on drawing a clear line between theology and philosophy ; he accepted Kant 's demolition of any philosophical natural theology , and insisted that theology must be permitted to proceed with its own work without dictation from speculative metaphysics or the imposition upon it of alien concepts and patterns of thought and investigation .
he too insisted on drawing a clear line between theology and philosophy ; he accepted kant 's demolition of any philosophical natural theology , and insisted that theology must be [let/allowed] to proceed with its own work without dictation from speculative metaphysics or the imposition upon it of alien concepts and patterns of thought and investigation .

’ This paragraph speaks of the ‘ many distinctive gifts and talents that women offer to the Church ; ’ in it the bishops state : ‘ We believe the time if overdue for more positive attitudes about your participation in the life of the Church and we recognise with regret that you have often been permitted to play mainly a limited and often inferior part in the Church .
’ this paragraph speaks of the ‘ many distinctive gifts and talents that women offer to the church ; ’ in it the bishops state : ‘ we believe the time if overdue for more positive attitudes about your participation in the life of the church and we recognise with regret that you have often been [let/allowed] to play mainly a limited and often inferior part in the church .

It was a dynamic age , an age of opportunity , and the pattern of population migration , income distribution , and increased leisure and freedom that allowed movie audiences to accumulate had also permitted a largely anonymous host of small businessmen to create a new industry and a new entertainment .
it was a dynamic age , an age of opportunity , and the pattern of population migration , income distribution , and increased leisure and freedom that allowed movie audiences to accumulate had also [let/allowed] a largely anonymous host of small businessmen to create a new industry and a new entertainment .

Whenever possible , Ministerial intervention is achieved through negotiation ( rather than through detailed legislative powers ) and by the use of fiat , circulars and regulations permitted within the legislative framework .
whenever possible , ministerial intervention is achieved through negotiation ( rather than through detailed legislative powers ) and by the use of fiat , circulars and regulations [let/allowed] within the legislative framework .

In the latter , social circumstances permitted them to compete only against other blacks ( from 1898 to 1964 ) , thus prompting what Robert Peterson called ‘ a uniquely American spectacle called Negro baseball ’ ( 1970 , p.3 ) .
in the latter , social circumstances [let/allowed] them to compete only against other blacks ( from 1898 to 1964 ) , thus prompting what robert peterson called ‘ a uniquely american spectacle called negro baseball ’ ( 1970 , p.3 ) .

In contrast , trade unions in France had too little organisational strength in the workplace to be able to inflict major economic losses on the firm and they were considered to be too ideologically radical to be permitted a higher degree of participation .
in contrast , trade unions in france had too little organisational strength in the workplace to be able to inflict major economic losses on the firm and they were considered to be too ideologically radical to be [let/allowed] a higher degree of participation .

The sign of the cross in baptism , the ring in marriage , crucifixes , candles , and other ‘ popish ’ remnants were also permitted .
the sign of the cross in baptism , the ring in marriage , crucifixes , candles , and other ‘ popish ’ remnants were also [let/allowed] .

While the superstitious veneration of the saints had been swept away by the reformers , the worldly vanity of elaborate family memorials was permitted and grew ever more popular .
while the superstitious veneration of the saints had been swept away by the reformers , the worldly vanity of elaborate family memorials was [let/allowed] and grew ever more popular .

The hero must be challenged and tormented , he must be bamboozled and tried up to breaking point before he is permitted to claim the prize , before , in fact , he is able properly to call himself a hero .
the hero must be challenged and tormented , he must be bamboozled and tried up to breaking point before he is [let/allowed] to claim the prize , before , in fact , he is able properly to call himself a hero .

Child-safe paint : We have n't found any paints that are claimed to be totally lead-free , but the safe ‘ nursery paints ’ are within the strict British and European limits for the amount of lead permitted in child-safe paints .
child-safe paint : we have n't found any paints that are claimed to be totally lead-free , but the safe ‘ nursery paints ’ are within the strict british and european limits for the amount of lead [let/allowed] in child-safe paints .

As a general rule , small extensions to dwelling houses do not need planning permission if they can be classified as ‘ permitted development ’ .
as a general rule , small extensions to dwelling houses do not need planning permission if they can be classified as ‘ [let/allowed] development ’ .

It is only permitted as a private belief , so any kind of witnessing is dangerous .
it is only [let/allowed] as a private belief , so any kind of witnessing is dangerous .

They were permitted into it only when giving evidence and not more than one at a time .
they were [let/allowed] into it only when giving evidence and not more than one at a time .

The indictment of this book is not only that the authorities have permitted certain specific excesses of which examples are described , but that they have deliberately promoted and condoned violence , crime and racketeering in order to alienate both their terrorist and political opponents from their natural sympathisers .
the indictment of this book is not only that the authorities have [let/allowed] certain specific excesses of which examples are described , but that they have deliberately promoted and condoned violence , crime and racketeering in order to alienate both their terrorist and political opponents from their natural sympathisers .

10.3 may request training and assistance in addition to that provided for in Clauses 10.1 and 10.2 above , in which case shall be permitted to charge for this service .
10.3 may request training and assistance in addition to that provided for in clauses 10.1 and 10.2 above , in which case shall be [let/allowed] to charge for this service .

18.1 Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement or required by statute , law or regulation shall , unless otherwise provided for , be in writing , and shall be delivered in person , sent by registered mail or air mail as appropriate , properly posted and fully pre-paid in an envelope properly addressed , or sent by telefax or by telex to the respective Parties as specified above or to such other address , telefax or telex number as may from time to time be designated by notice hereunder .
18.1 any notice required or [let/allowed] under the terms of this agreement or required by statute , law or regulation shall , unless otherwise provided for , be in writing , and shall be delivered in person , sent by registered mail or air mail as appropriate , properly posted and fully pre-paid in an envelope properly addressed , or sent by telefax or by telex to the respective parties as specified above or to such other address , telefax or telex number as may from time to time be designated by notice hereunder .

21.1 In the event that any or any part of the terms , conditions or provisions contained in this Agreement shall be determined invalid , unlawful or unenforceable to any extent such term , condition or provision shall be severed from the remaining terms , conditions and provisions which shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law .
21.1 in the event that any or any part of the terms , conditions or provisions contained in this agreement shall be determined invalid , unlawful or unenforceable to any extent such term , condition or provision shall be severed from the remaining terms , conditions and provisions which shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent [let/allowed] by law .

Any notices permitted or required under this Agreement shall be made in writing and shall be deemed given when mailed by first-class post ( airmail in the case of overseas programmers ) to the addresses listed in the heading to this Agreement or to such other addresses as either party may elect after notice similarly given .
any notices [let/allowed] or required under this agreement shall be made in writing and shall be deemed given when mailed by first-class post ( airmail in the case of overseas programmers ) to the addresses listed in the heading to this agreement or to such other addresses as either party may elect after notice similarly given .

Any notices permitted or required under this Agreement shall be made in writing and shall be deemed given when mailed by first-class post ( airmail in the case of overseas programmers ) to the addresses listed in the heading to this Agreement or to such other addresses as either party may elect after notice similarly given .
any notices [let/allowed] or required under this agreement shall be made in writing and shall be deemed given when mailed by first-class post ( airmail in the case of overseas programmers ) to the addresses listed in the heading to this agreement or to such other addresses as either party may elect after notice similarly given .

He then sent a deputation to the queen-dowager , requiring that Prince Richard be permitted to attend his brother and assist at his coronation .
he then sent a deputation to the queen-dowager , requiring that prince richard be [let/allowed] to attend his brother and assist at his coronation .

‘ What of yourself , lady Anne ? ’ she enquired . ‘ Were your young lord permitted to join the king his brother — he being now at the royal palace within the Tower — would you wish to accompany him ? ’
‘ what of yourself , lady anne ? ’ she enquired . ‘ were your young lord [let/allowed] to join the king his brother — he being now at the royal palace within the tower — would you wish to accompany him ? ’

But on an afternoon following one of the City excursions , Joan was at last permitted to see Prince Richard .
but on an afternoon following one of the city excursions , joan was at last [let/allowed] to see prince richard .

Of course Marxists can point to Allende 's subsequent overthrow by the Chilean military to help demonstrate that peaceful socialist transformation will not be permitted .
of course marxists can point to allende 's subsequent overthrow by the chilean military to help demonstrate that peaceful socialist transformation will not be [let/allowed] .

This fantasy world of natural lust , ironically , can scarcely ever have been more closely realized than in the appalling conditions of the urban poor in the sordid back streets and alleys of prosperous Victorian cities ; but it could not , of course , be permitted to endure for long in the theoretical world .
this fantasy world of natural lust , ironically , can scarcely ever have been more closely realized than in the appalling conditions of the urban poor in the sordid back streets and alleys of prosperous victorian cities ; but it could not , of course , be [let/allowed] to endure for long in the theoretical world .

Despite the kindness on the uncle 's part , however , the nephew was permitted many liberties at his expense .
despite the kindness on the uncle 's part , however , the nephew was [let/allowed] many liberties at his expense .

So the forest has a sacred character too ; men may go regularly into it , but women are not permitted the same ease of access .
so the forest has a sacred character too ; men may go regularly into it , but women are not [let/allowed] the same ease of access .

It was perfectly clear to everyone that the company could carry on enough trade to flourish only if it supplemented its income by bringing in more goods than its treaty permitted , and the smuggling trade became large enough to disturb the Spanish authorities .
it was perfectly clear to everyone that the company could carry on enough trade to flourish only if it supplemented its income by bringing in more goods than its treaty [let/allowed] , and the smuggling trade became large enough to disturb the spanish authorities .

Pentium is the name Intel Corp has chosen for what would otherwise have been the 80586 microprocessor , the company announced last week : reason is that it did not think it would be permitted to claim 586 as a trade mark .
pentium is the name intel corp has chosen for what would otherwise have been the 80586 microprocessor , the company announced last week : reason is that it did not think it would be [let/allowed] to claim 586 as a trade mark .

He is permitted absolutely no contact with other inmates .
he is [let/allowed] absolutely no contact with other inmates .

The maximum length permitted for two cuffs and a linking chain will now be 240mm .
the maximum length [let/allowed] for two cuffs and a linking chain will now be 240mm .

Under Ugandan law , those charged with treason are not permitted to be granted bail for at least 480 days .
under ugandan law , those charged with treason are not [let/allowed] to be granted bail for at least 480 days .

Was this an offer Earth was permitted to pursue ?
was this an offer earth was [let/allowed] to pursue ?

Special collars which give a small yet painful electric shock to deter barking are permitted to be sold in some countries , but really have no part in training a dog properly .
special collars which give a small yet painful electric shock to deter barking are [let/allowed] to be sold in some countries , but really have no part in training a dog properly .

Before exercising your dog on the beach , you should check that this is permitted .
before exercising your dog on the beach , you should check that this is [let/allowed] .

The ubiquitous expression of dependence and nurturance through the essentially mandatory giving and receiving of food does not , contrary to what might be expected , significantly constrain individual autonomy , at least in part because ‘ balanced ’ reciprocity ( Sahlins 1972 ) , involving the accounting of gifts and the expectation of equivalent return , is neither expected nor , in fact , permitted within the community .
the ubiquitous expression of dependence and nurturance through the essentially mandatory giving and receiving of food does not , contrary to what might be expected , significantly constrain individual autonomy , at least in part because ‘ balanced ’ reciprocity ( sahlins 1972 ) , involving the accounting of gifts and the expectation of equivalent return , is neither expected nor , in fact , [let/allowed] within the community .

Access to the island is permitted and usually made by hired boat from Tarbet across the Sound of Handa ; to avoid disappointment , visits should be pre-arranged .
access to the island is [let/allowed] and usually made by hired boat from tarbet across the sound of handa ; to avoid disappointment , visits should be pre-arranged .

The keeper of the lighthouse is permitted to admit visitors .
the keeper of the lighthouse is [let/allowed] to admit visitors .

The nearest neighbours of Ben Nevis , Carn Mor Dearg and Aonach Beag , both have summits above the 4000 mark ; to another of the group , Aonach Mor , the Ordnance Survey rather churlishly ascribes a height of 3999 only , a tribute to their meticulous accuracy but a pity they could not have permitted themselves a slight error of twelve inches .
the nearest neighbours of ben nevis , carn mor dearg and aonach beag , both have summits above the 4000 mark ; to another of the group , aonach mor , the ordnance survey rather churlishly ascribes a height of 3999 only , a tribute to their meticulous accuracy but a pity they could not have [let/allowed] themselves a slight error of twelve inches .

Spain 's dominant classes were therefore permitted the time and opportunity for marshalling their powerful opposition to the very measures that were intended to weaken them .
spain 's dominant classes were therefore [let/allowed] the time and opportunity for marshalling their powerful opposition to the very measures that were intended to weaken them .

It is held there and is permitted ( or forced ) to move only very slightly to and fro — though in very complicated ways — by the influences , sometimes combined , sometimes separate , of that variety of proximate gravities exerted by the sun , the moon and the nearer planets .
it is held there and is [let/allowed] ( or forced ) to move only very slightly to and fro — though in very complicated ways — by the influences , sometimes combined , sometimes separate , of that variety of proximate gravities exerted by the sun , the moon and the nearer planets .

And this was true — for only mature Battle Brothers were permitted to duel .
and this was true — for only mature battle brothers were [let/allowed] to duel .

Permitted ?
[let/allowed] ?

The raw materials which the Marines used for their scrimshandering were none other than the mighty , ceramically strengthened finger bones — the metacarpals and phalanges — of Imperial Fists who had died in battle or , surviving to old age , been permitted honourable euthanasia .
the raw materials which the marines used for their scrimshandering were none other than the mighty , ceramically strengthened finger bones — the metacarpals and phalanges — of imperial fists who had died in battle or , surviving to old age , been [let/allowed] honourable euthanasia .

Hence , the type of teasing that the older youths had been permitted to inflict on their juniors in the Tunnel of Terror .
hence , the type of teasing that the older youths had been [let/allowed] to inflict on their juniors in the tunnel of terror .

Of course , you 'd read of these places and screwed up your nose in disgust and said such things should n't be permitted , and why did n't someone else do something about it .
of course , you 'd read of these places and screwed up your nose in disgust and said such things should n't be [let/allowed] , and why did n't someone else do something about it .

They have all slept in their clothes under the one permitted blanket .
they have all slept in their clothes under the one [let/allowed] blanket .

The old can not run , and they want the latrine , but only after Exercise are the men permitted to queue for the privilege of the latrines .
the old can not run , and they want the latrine , but only after exercise are the men [let/allowed] to queue for the privilege of the latrines .

And yet the matter had so nearly been blessed in a strange and unforeseen way , the Service had almost wriggled off the hook through no credit to itself … Incredible , bloody incredible , that the Service should have found itself within a whisker of escape , within a few heartbeats … Extraordinary that the Soviets had not already grilled and broken this man , unbelievable that they had permitted a trial for espionage to go ahead without the evidence of a confession .
and yet the matter had so nearly been blessed in a strange and unforeseen way , the service had almost wriggled off the hook through no credit to itself … incredible , bloody incredible , that the service should have found itself within a whisker of escape , within a few heartbeats … extraordinary that the soviets had not already grilled and broken this man , unbelievable that they had [let/allowed] a trial for espionage to go ahead without the evidence of a confession .

The sub-contractor should not be permitted to sub-let the work as a whole , or any part of it , without the written consent of the builder .
the sub-contractor should not be [let/allowed] to sub-let the work as a whole , or any part of it , without the written consent of the builder .

Long-term investment over 20 to 30 years is likely to prove advantageous to those companies with surplus cash who anticipate that development may be permitted in the long-term future .
long-term investment over 20 to 30 years is likely to prove advantageous to those companies with surplus cash who anticipate that development may be [let/allowed] in the long-term future .

Within the zone of space contained within the sight line , no construction or vegetable growth will be permitted over 500 mm high .
within the zone of space contained within the sight line , no construction or vegetable growth will be [let/allowed] over 500 mm high .

There is usually a maximum number of dwellings permitted off a private drive on new estates .
there is usually a maximum number of dwellings [let/allowed] off a private drive on new estates .

Where a vendor wishes to protect his own interests , those of his ’ successor in title ’ or of an adjoining owner , a restriction may be imposed that no development will be permitted within a defined distance of a certain boundary or existing dwelling .
where a vendor wishes to protect his own interests , those of his ’ successor in title ’ or of an adjoining owner , a restriction may be imposed that no development will be [let/allowed] within a defined distance of a certain boundary or existing dwelling .

Proposed dwellings on the land will not be permitted to incorporate windows at either first floor level or both ground and first floor levels , facing in a certain direction or overlooking adjoining property .
proposed dwellings on the land will not be [let/allowed] to incorporate windows at either first floor level or both ground and first floor levels , facing in a certain direction or overlooking adjoining property .

The author has encountered a covenant on a site bounding the River Test in Hampshire , where from the back of the house to the boundary no construction of any sort was permitted above ground level and trees and vegetation could not exceed 6 feet in height .
the author has encountered a covenant on a site bounding the river test in hampshire , where from the back of the house to the boundary no construction of any sort was [let/allowed] above ground level and trees and vegetation could not exceed 6 feet in height .

We needed magic , to resolve significance from what surrounded us , which scarcely permitted contemplation : we needed someone godlike — someone who could turn this world around .
we needed magic , to resolve significance from what surrounded us , which scarcely [let/allowed] contemplation : we needed someone godlike — someone who could turn this world around .

Jews permitted to buy meat , cheese and eggs .
jews [let/allowed] to buy meat , cheese and eggs .

She was worried because she did not know if the rules of the house permitted her to go out walking with Finn and , besides , they were going to be late for dinner .
she was worried because she did not know if the rules of the house [let/allowed] her to go out walking with finn and , besides , they were going to be late for dinner .

If overt collusion is not permitted , then firms may be able to replicate its effect via tacit collusion ( Tirole , 1989 , ch .
if overt collusion is not [let/allowed] , then firms may be able to replicate its effect via tacit collusion ( tirole , 1989 , ch .

The competition authorities should concern themselves with firms ' conduct only when there is reason to believe that competition is absent ( or would be absent were the conduct permitted ) .
the competition authorities should concern themselves with firms ' conduct only when there is reason to believe that competition is absent ( or would be absent were the conduct [let/allowed] ) .

a group of United States firms forming an export cartel as permitted by the Webb-Pomerene Act of 1918 ) .
a group of united states firms forming an export cartel as [let/allowed] by the webb-pomerene act of 1918 ) .

Perhaps his former master will allow him to continue to read his papers ; or he may be permitted to read the papers of another in his own chambers with whom he is on friendly terms .
perhaps his former master will allow him to continue to read his papers ; or he may be [let/allowed] to read the papers of another in his own chambers with whom he is on friendly terms .

Particularly where the subject is a plural personal pronoun no variation seems to be permitted ; but in our initial search for invariance ( cf .
particularly where the subject is a plural personal pronoun no variation seems to be [let/allowed] ; but in our initial search for invariance ( cf .

Were it not for the single inconvenient occurrence in the data ( example 22 ) of they as the subject of a singular verb , we could set up an initial list of ‘ invariant ’ environments , which themselves are characteristic of this vernacular system , prior to an investigation of patterns underlying the variability in the many environments which permitted it .
were it not for the single inconvenient occurrence in the data ( example 22 ) of they as the subject of a singular verb , we could set up an initial list of ‘ invariant ’ environments , which themselves are characteristic of this vernacular system , prior to an investigation of patterns underlying the variability in the many environments which [let/allowed] it .

Before 1953 the Commons was permitted unlimited opportunity to discuss these orders but since then severe restrictions have been imposed .
before 1953 the commons was [let/allowed] unlimited opportunity to discuss these orders but since then severe restrictions have been imposed .

Here the problem was not so much party loyalty as the fact that parliamentary procedures no longer fitted into the timescale or permitted an understanding of current administration .
here the problem was not so much party loyalty as the fact that parliamentary procedures no longer fitted into the timescale or [let/allowed] an understanding of current administration .

Some disclosure is formally permitted .
some disclosure is formally [let/allowed] .

Some of the proposals , including those which threatened the monopoly of barristers in superior courts , required all advocates to have certificates of competence , and permitted multi-disciplinary partnerships , aroused considerable opposition from within the profession .
some of the proposals , including those which threatened the monopoly of barristers in superior courts , required all advocates to have certificates of competence , and [let/allowed] multi-disciplinary partnerships , aroused considerable opposition from within the profession .

Clearly , one of the invincible conventions of the ‘ Romance ’ label is that desire should not be consummated before at the very least a proposal of marriage has been secured by the heroine — ‘ the only pain permitted is the sweet pain of unfulfilled desire ’ …
clearly , one of the invincible conventions of the ‘ romance ’ label is that desire should not be consummated before at the very least a proposal of marriage has been secured by the heroine — ‘ the only pain [let/allowed] is the sweet pain of unfulfilled desire ’ …

Eb permitted himself a half-smile .
eb [let/allowed] himself a half-smile .

Pressure on LEAs to reduce provision was increased after the change of government in 1979 and the 1980 Education Act permitted LEAs to open close or substantially alter schools without central government approval .
pressure on leas to reduce provision was increased after the change of government in 1979 and the 1980 education act [let/allowed] leas to open close or substantially alter schools without central government approval .

‘ What do you think — perhaps you are not thinking as you should — you see — it 's permitted to be frank ?
‘ what do you think — perhaps you are not thinking as you should — you see — it 's [let/allowed] to be frank ?

Thus , Chapters 2–8 will , among other things , describe and evaluate the controls on goal selection , the controls relating to the efficiency with which permitted goals are pursued , and the controls designed to prevent the diversion of corporate assets to management .
thus , chapters 2–8 will , among other things , describe and evaluate the controls on goal selection , the controls relating to the efficiency with which [let/allowed] goals are pursued , and the controls designed to prevent the diversion of corporate assets to management .

One of the leading practitioner 's texts on company law , Gore-Browne , argues that while the directors are now required to take employee interests into account , they are never permitted to subordinate the shareholders ' interests to them .
one of the leading practitioner 's texts on company law , gore-browne , argues that while the directors are now required to take employee interests into account , they are never [let/allowed] to subordinate the shareholders ' interests to them .

Only that which has been officially authorised is permitted for use in services .
only that which has been officially authorised is [let/allowed] for use in services .

The Music Publishers ' Association has produced a Code of Fair Practice which offers helpful advice as to when church musicians may be permitted to copy without application to the publisher .
the music publishers ' association has produced a code of fair practice which offers helpful advice as to when church musicians may be [let/allowed] to copy without application to the publisher .

He was permitted to take his family with him , but the only intellectual companionship he found was among the Catholic missionaries : the local inhabitants remained strangers to him .
he was [let/allowed] to take his family with him , but the only intellectual companionship he found was among the catholic missionaries : the local inhabitants remained strangers to him .

No demonstrations were permitted ; looters and saboteurs would be shot .
no demonstrations were [let/allowed] ; looters and saboteurs would be shot .

Later , a second change permitted these tax benefits to be offset against income that would otherwise have attracted higher rates of tax .
later , a second change [let/allowed] these tax benefits to be offset against income that would otherwise have attracted higher rates of tax .

The employers permitted all their employees to have certain travel concessions for themselves and their families .
the employers [let/allowed] all their employees to have certain travel concessions for themselves and their families .

The Articles also permitted the Board to delegate any of the powers vested in it to a committee and defined ‘ the Board ’ so as to include any committee authorised by the Board to act on its behalf .
the articles also [let/allowed] the board to delegate any of the powers vested in it to a committee and defined ‘ the board ’ so as to include any committee authorised by the board to act on its behalf .

In their Lordship 's judgment , the Guinness Articles permitted only the Board and not a committee of the Board to make the award of a fee to Mr Ward .
in their lordship 's judgment , the guinness articles [let/allowed] only the board and not a committee of the board to make the award of a fee to mr ward .

The common duty of care is a duty to take such care as in all the circumstances of the case is reasonable to see that the visitor will be reasonably safe in using the premises for the purposes for which he is invited or permitted by the occupier to be there .
the common duty of care is a duty to take such care as in all the circumstances of the case is reasonable to see that the visitor will be reasonably safe in using the premises for the purposes for which he is invited or [let/allowed] by the occupier to be there .

In Stenner v. Taff-Ely Borough Council ( The Independent , 25 May 1987 ) , the Court of Appeal held that a local authority which employed a gymnastics coach at its leisure centre was not liable to the plaintiff ( a friend of the coach ) , whom the coach had permitted to use the gym at a time when the leisure centre was closed to the public .
in stenner v. taff-ely borough council ( the independent , 25 may 1987 ) , the court of appeal held that a local authority which employed a gymnastics coach at its leisure centre was not liable to the plaintiff ( a friend of the coach ) , whom the coach had [let/allowed] to use the gym at a time when the leisure centre was closed to the public .

In Australia legislative changes in 1979 permitted the Auditor-General to carry out efficiency audits .
in australia legislative changes in 1979 [let/allowed] the auditor-general to carry out efficiency audits .

Dischargers are thus permitted to pollute by the water authorities — but only ( in theory ) up to those levels set out in the discharger 's consent document .
dischargers are thus [let/allowed] to pollute by the water authorities — but only ( in theory ) up to those levels set out in the discharger 's consent document .

Water pumped out of building excavations or road works , for example , may be permitted to flow directly into a neighbouring watercourse without a requirement that any solids settle out in the lagoons which are the typical method of purifying similar discharges more permanent in character .
water pumped out of building excavations or road works , for example , may be [let/allowed] to flow directly into a neighbouring watercourse without a requirement that any solids settle out in the lagoons which are the typical method of purifying similar discharges more permanent in character .

Questions are being asked by prominent citizens as to the extent of police laxity which permitted the perpetration of this vicious crime .
questions are being asked by prominent citizens as to the extent of police laxity which [let/allowed] the perpetration of this vicious crime .

It should , in my opinion , only be in the rare cases where the very issue of interpretation which the courts are called on to resolve has been addressed in Parliamentary debate and where the promoter of the legislation has made a clear statement directed to that very issue , that reference to Hansard should be permitted .
it should , in my opinion , only be in the rare cases where the very issue of interpretation which the courts are called on to resolve has been addressed in parliamentary debate and where the promoter of the legislation has made a clear statement directed to that very issue , that reference to hansard should be [let/allowed] .

If so , does this case fall within the category of cases where reference to Parliamentary proceedings should be permitted ?
if so , does this case fall within the category of cases where reference to parliamentary proceedings should be [let/allowed] ?

Special recruitment drives have been organised , `` model agreements `` governing when and under what conditions temporary workers might be used , and `` casual workers `` charters ' have been drawn up Some unions , notably the electricians , have gone further , establishing local registers of ( otherwise ) unemployed members from which employers have to draw when filling the temporary positions enterprise level agreements have permitted them to create .
special recruitment drives have been organised , `` model agreements `` governing when and under what conditions temporary workers might be used , and `` casual workers `` charters ' have been drawn up some unions , notably the electricians , have gone further , establishing local registers of ( otherwise ) unemployed members from which employers have to draw when filling the temporary positions enterprise level agreements have [let/allowed] them to create .

Here all infringements of that space from external sources are not permitted .
here all infringements of that space from external sources are not [let/allowed] .

Interfaces into that space are permitted but the functionality remains unchecked as geometric entities exist in only one intersecting sub-space .
interfaces into that space are [let/allowed] but the functionality remains unchecked as geometric entities exist in only one intersecting sub-space .

He had brilliantly and successfully argued that the Toraja religion was one and the same with whatever `` Hindu-Balinese animism `` might be — and thus Toraja religion was permitted to survive .
he had brilliantly and successfully argued that the toraja religion was one and the same with whatever `` hindu-balinese animism `` might be — and thus toraja religion was [let/allowed] to survive .

No private abbreviations or squiggles should be permitted .
no private abbreviations or squiggles should be [let/allowed] .

Find out what is permitted , for you must simulate the final conditions as closely as possible .
find out what is [let/allowed] , for you must simulate the final conditions as closely as possible .

Make a list of the permitted aids and make sure that they are all in working order .
make a list of the [let/allowed] aids and make sure that they are all in working order .

These tools and any others that you may need and are permitted for specialist work should also be on the desk at the time of your practice `` examination `` .
these tools and any others that you may need and are [let/allowed] for specialist work should also be on the desk at the time of your practice `` examination `` .

At first pay little attention to timing , but , as you become familiar with various aspects of your subject , set yourself questions to be answered in a continuous and timed session without reference to any but the permitted aids .
at first pay little attention to timing , but , as you become familiar with various aspects of your subject , set yourself questions to be answered in a continuous and timed session without reference to any but the [let/allowed] aids .

( 3 ) Further discussion of items from the minutes of the previous meeting is now permitted , provided that the items are not on the Agenda for the current meeting .
( 3 ) further discussion of items from the minutes of the previous meeting is now [let/allowed] , provided that the items are not on the agenda for the current meeting .

Viscount Dilhorne , whose speech was concurred in by Lord Donovan , Lord Pearce , Lord Diplock and Lord Cross of Chelsea , after stating the facts , and expressing some doubts as to what Mr. Occhi had meant when he said that he ‘ permitted ’ the taxi driver to take £6 , continued , at pp. 631–633 :
viscount dilhorne , whose speech was concurred in by lord donovan , lord pearce , lord diplock and lord cross of chelsea , after stating the facts , and expressing some doubts as to what mr. occhi had meant when he said that he ‘ [let/allowed] ’ the taxi driver to take £6 , continued , at pp. 631–633 :

It will be seen that Viscount Dilhorne 's speech contains two clear pronouncements , first that it is no longer an ingredient of the offence of theft that the taking should be without the owner 's consent and second , that an appropriation may occur even though the owner has permitted or consented to the property being taken .
it will be seen that viscount dilhorne 's speech contains two clear pronouncements , first that it is no longer an ingredient of the offence of theft that the taking should be without the owner 's consent and second , that an appropriation may occur even though the owner has [let/allowed] or consented to the property being taken .

‘ Reference was not made to Viscount Dilhorne 's ruling that appropriation may occur even though the owner has permitted or consented to the property being taken .
‘ reference was not made to viscount dilhorne 's ruling that appropriation may occur even though the owner has [let/allowed] or consented to the property being taken .

Our researches have confirmed Shandruk 's indication that the reason for this was that the Ukrainian Division was simply permitted to make its own way to Italy .
our researches have confirmed shandruk 's indication that the reason for this was that the ukrainian division was simply [let/allowed] to make its own way to italy .

Points to remember If you experience a reaction , immediately cut out the offending food or beverage You will not be eating any grains or dairy produce this week apart from the permitted 2 slices of slimmer 's bread and 3floz ( 85ml ) skimmed milk or low-fat yogurt .
points to remember if you experience a reaction , immediately cut out the offending food or beverage you will not be eating any grains or dairy produce this week apart from the [let/allowed] 2 slices of slimmer 's bread and 3floz ( 85ml ) skimmed milk or low-fat yogurt .

So the mole was permitted to go home with them and share their food and fire .
so the mole was [let/allowed] to go home with them and share their food and fire .

No doubt the material culture of the Russians was more highly developed than that of most Siberian peoples , in so far as they built log houses with wooden floors , windows and stoves ; wore clothing made of textiles woven from linen , hemp or wool ; used steam-baths ; were able to shoot game ( and people ) more efficiently with bullets than with arrows ; used vessels made of ceramics or metal ; provided themselves with grain and vegetables where natural conditions permitted , and so on .
no doubt the material culture of the russians was more highly developed than that of most siberian peoples , in so far as they built log houses with wooden floors , windows and stoves ; wore clothing made of textiles woven from linen , hemp or wool ; used steam-baths ; were able to shoot game ( and people ) more efficiently with bullets than with arrows ; used vessels made of ceramics or metal ; provided themselves with grain and vegetables where natural conditions [let/allowed] , and so on .

All the enterprising , healthy people have left for other planets on which the replicants are slaves and soldiers ( they are not wanted or permitted on Earth , with the doubtful exception of Rachael ) .
all the enterprising , healthy people have left for other planets on which the replicants are slaves and soldiers ( they are not wanted or [let/allowed] on earth , with the doubtful exception of rachael ) .

’ called Sally from the doorway , and Liz , looking around the confusion she had summoned into being , the scattered earth , the scattered people , the murmuring , the singing , the clustering , thought yes , this was a party , yes , this was living rather than not living , this was permitted , this was planned disorder , this was cathartic , this was therapeutic , this was admired misrule .
’ called sally from the doorway , and liz , looking around the confusion she had summoned into being , the scattered earth , the scattered people , the murmuring , the singing , the clustering , thought yes , this was a party , yes , this was living rather than not living , this was [let/allowed] , this was planned disorder , this was cathartic , this was therapeutic , this was admired misrule .

These liberties were permitted .
these liberties were [let/allowed] .

She would not visit her own family , except as a formality , and then as briefly as decency permitted .
she would not visit her own family , except as a formality , and then as briefly as decency [let/allowed] .

where the school is not over-subscribed ) but have permitted such criteria to be applied in choosing which applicants are to succeed when the school is over-subscribed .
where the school is not over-subscribed ) but have [let/allowed] such criteria to be applied in choosing which applicants are to succeed when the school is over-subscribed .

No personal , subjective elements should be permitted to intrude .
no personal , subjective elements should be [let/allowed] to intrude .

What kinds of additions and modifications are to be permitted by a good scientific methodology and what kinds are to be ruled out as non-scientific ?
what kinds of additions and modifications are to be [let/allowed] by a good scientific methodology and what kinds are to be ruled out as non-scientific ?

Unexplained action at a distance was permitted by Newtonians but dismissed by Cartesians as metaphysical and even occult .
unexplained action at a distance was [let/allowed] by newtonians but dismissed by cartesians as metaphysical and even occult .

In the past , ‘ yardstick-plus ’ costs have been permitted , mainly in expensive urban locations but also in some rural locations in recognition of their higher building costs .
in the past , ‘ yardstick-plus ’ costs have been [let/allowed] , mainly in expensive urban locations but also in some rural locations in recognition of their higher building costs .

In these areas development is not normally permitted and will be approved only if there are exceptional circumstances , although in practice these guidelines are not always adhered to ( Davidson and Wibberley 1977 ) .
in these areas development is not normally [let/allowed] and will be approved only if there are exceptional circumstances , although in practice these guidelines are not always adhered to ( davidson and wibberley 1977 ) .

This absolute privilege is founded on the principle that it is advantageous for the public interest that the citizen should not be in any way fettered in his statements , and where the public service or due administration of justice is involved he shall have the right to speak his mind freely … Municipal corporations , however , exist primarily for governmental purposes , and they are permitted to enter the commercial field solely for the purpose of subserving the interests of the public which they represent .
this absolute privilege is founded on the principle that it is advantageous for the public interest that the citizen should not be in any way fettered in his statements , and where the public service or due administration of justice is involved he shall have the right to speak his mind freely … municipal corporations , however , exist primarily for governmental purposes , and they are [let/allowed] to enter the commercial field solely for the purpose of subserving the interests of the public which they represent .

The question which should be posed is not whether offenders should be permitted to profit from their crimes but whether crime should be profited from by any person .
the question which should be posed is not whether offenders should be [let/allowed] to profit from their crimes but whether crime should be profited from by any person .

The court will be permitted to have regard to any matters it thinks fit including :
the court will be [let/allowed] to have regard to any matters it thinks fit including :

This is presumably because the situation was not foreseen : the Code takes a very strict line on questioning after charge , a course of action only permitted in very narrowly defined circumstance under caution ( para .
this is presumably because the situation was not foreseen : the code takes a very strict line on questioning after charge , a course of action only [let/allowed] in very narrowly defined circumstance under caution ( para .

This space , intended both to obtain the invention of new products , leading to enhanced consumption and profit , and to maintain ideological support , in response to apparent liberalism , allows at least the possibility that permitted pluralism can grow into radical dissent .
this space , intended both to obtain the invention of new products , leading to enhanced consumption and profit , and to maintain ideological support , in response to apparent liberalism , allows at least the possibility that [let/allowed] pluralism can grow into radical dissent .

All they are interested in — all they are generally permitted to be interested in — is whether they get a reasonable pension at the end of the day .
all they are interested in — all they are generally [let/allowed] to be interested in — is whether they get a reasonable pension at the end of the day .

process production of chemicals ) , while in others technical changes such as the development of small cheap electric motors , and the partial displacement of metal casting by plastic moulding , have favoured or at least permitted smaller-scale production .
process production of chemicals ) , while in others technical changes such as the development of small cheap electric motors , and the partial displacement of metal casting by plastic moulding , have favoured or at least [let/allowed] smaller-scale production .

The marked improvement in the terms of trade for Britain over the early '50s permitted a rise in real wages despite a decline in Britain 's exports , while a substantial inflow of American direct private investment helped to boost capital accumulation .
the marked improvement in the terms of trade for britain over the early '50s [let/allowed] a rise in real wages despite a decline in britain 's exports , while a substantial inflow of american direct private investment helped to boost capital accumulation .

Outside the pastoral regions lay the classic cultures of the central tableland — cereals , olives , and vines ; its agrarian history is the history of shifts from one of these crops to another where local needs for food permitted a response to market conditions .
outside the pastoral regions lay the classic cultures of the central tableland — cereals , olives , and vines ; its agrarian history is the history of shifts from one of these crops to another where local needs for food [let/allowed] a response to market conditions .

Whatever their private opinions , the liberals were willing to establish catholicism as the sole religion of Spain , to make heresy a crime , to allow episcopal censorship of religious works ; as Larra was to observe , it was a one-legged freedom that permitted only ‘ political ’ discussion and it shows the limitations imposed on liberalism by fear of the Church .
whatever their private opinions , the liberals were willing to establish catholicism as the sole religion of spain , to make heresy a crime , to allow episcopal censorship of religious works ; as larra was to observe , it was a one-legged freedom that [let/allowed] only ‘ political ’ discussion and it shows the limitations imposed on liberalism by fear of the church .

Peasants were permitted , indeed encouraged , to withdraw from the commune .
peasants were [let/allowed] , indeed encouraged , to withdraw from the commune .

Where personnel and funds permitted , worker cadres became full-time officials supported by membership dues , gifts to the party , income from newspaper sales , legal fund-raising activities — and robberies .
where personnel and funds [let/allowed] , worker cadres became full-time officials supported by membership dues , gifts to the party , income from newspaper sales , legal fund-raising activities — and robberies .

Its use in the liturgy was at first opposed by the papacy , but , following the Council of Split in 1079 , both the Old Church Slavonic language and the glagolitic script were permitted to exist in central Dalmatia .
its use in the liturgy was at first opposed by the papacy , but , following the council of split in 1079 , both the old church slavonic language and the glagolitic script were [let/allowed] to exist in central dalmatia .

The Croatian nobles were forced to supply troops and funds for the defence of the frontier , although the Sabor was permitted to appoint the supreme army commander .
the croatian nobles were forced to supply troops and funds for the defence of the frontier , although the sabor was [let/allowed] to appoint the supreme army commander .

Selim did not have the power to punish the rebels , and in 1798 he made peace with Pazvant-oglu and a year later permitted the janissaries to return to Belgrade .
selim did not have the power to punish the rebels , and in 1798 he made peace with pazvant-oglu and a year later [let/allowed] the janissaries to return to belgrade .

‘ Because it is permitted only to charge a profit of sixty pfennigs if soda is served with whisky .
‘ because it is [let/allowed] only to charge a profit of sixty pfennigs if soda is served with whisky .

The passage of the black ovoid through the ion screen which permitted the docking crew to work in breathable atmosphere , even though the main bay doors were open to vacuum , caused an electrical imbalance which crackled across the curved surface .
the passage of the black ovoid through the ion screen which [let/allowed] the docking crew to work in breathable atmosphere , even though the main bay doors were open to vacuum , caused an electrical imbalance which crackled across the curved surface .

He was pleased to discover that the Simonova was equipped with the type of pod which permitted the moment of release to be selected independently .
he was pleased to discover that the simonova was equipped with the type of pod which [let/allowed] the moment of release to be selected independently .

Rostov had hoped to be permitted to seal the hatch , and thus to preserve the interior of the ship from incursion by animal and insect life — as well as from the potentially damaging effects of atmosphere and temperature — but Arghatun had rejected the request out of hand .
rostov had hoped to be [let/allowed] to seal the hatch , and thus to preserve the interior of the ship from incursion by animal and insect life — as well as from the potentially damaging effects of atmosphere and temperature — but arghatun had rejected the request out of hand .

He might have forgotten about needing a visa because he 'd developed the prisoner mentality , so common among people who were never permitted to travel .
he might have forgotten about needing a visa because he 'd developed the prisoner mentality , so common among people who were never [let/allowed] to travel .

He 'd all but forgotten his own early childhood at The Grange , when he had been the gardener 's scruffy little lad , graciously permitted by Lady Debrace to play with her son .
he 'd all but forgotten his own early childhood at the grange , when he had been the gardener 's scruffy little lad , graciously [let/allowed] by lady debrace to play with her son .

Aubrey 's warnings had unsettled him far more than he had permitted his friend to see .
aubrey 's warnings had unsettled him far more than he had [let/allowed] his friend to see .

We stood at opposite sides of the room and scored points when one of us failed to keep the ball moving after the permitted single bounce .
we stood at opposite sides of the room and scored points when one of us failed to keep the ball moving after the [let/allowed] single bounce .

The Control of Pollution Act 1974 provides that where any damage is caused by poisonous , noxious or polluting waste which has been deposited on land , any person who deposited it or caused or knowingly permitted it to be deposited is civilly liable for the damage , provided that his act constituted an offence under section 3 ( 3 ) or section 18 ( 2 ) of the Act .
the control of pollution act 1974 provides that where any damage is caused by poisonous , noxious or polluting waste which has been deposited on land , any person who deposited it or caused or knowingly [let/allowed] it to be deposited is civilly liable for the damage , provided that his act constituted an offence under section 3 ( 3 ) or section 18 ( 2 ) of the act .

The defendants were members of the Musicians ' Union , a union with many coloured members , and they gave notice to the plaintiffs that members of the union would not be permitted to play at the ballroom so long as the colour bar was in operation .
the defendants were members of the musicians ' union , a union with many coloured members , and they gave notice to the plaintiffs that members of the union would not be [let/allowed] to play at the ballroom so long as the colour bar was in operation .

Various colonies exist under voluntary foundation where the mentally handicapped can live useful and happy lives , to some extent sheltered from the outside world but permitted a considerable degree of independence and self-determination .
various colonies exist under voluntary foundation where the mentally handicapped can live useful and happy lives , to some extent sheltered from the outside world but [let/allowed] a considerable degree of independence and self-determination .

Introduced in the Rates Bill 1983 , this measure allows the Secretary of State to control permitted expenditure levels in authorities that are seen as having overspent in the past .
introduced in the rates bill 1983 , this measure allows the secretary of state to control [let/allowed] expenditure levels in authorities that are seen as having overspent in the past .

In fact it became clear that a considerable part of the defence was going to be that of justification , that the laws and usages of war permitted reprisals to be taken against hostages .
in fact it became clear that a considerable part of the defence was going to be that of justification , that the laws and usages of war [let/allowed] reprisals to be taken against hostages .

The reaction has in fact permitted dramatic advances in the use of genetic polymorphism in linkage analysis .
the reaction has in fact [let/allowed] dramatic advances in the use of genetic polymorphism in linkage analysis .

It was n't permitted to take incoming calls on the pay phone in the hallway of the hotel .
it was n't [let/allowed] to take incoming calls on the pay phone in the hallway of the hotel .

After a maximum ‘ permitted period ’ of thirteen weeks , claimants can neither impose restrictions on the nature , hours , rate of pay or location of work for which they are available , nor refuse a job handled by the Employment Service for those reasons .
after a maximum ‘ [let/allowed] period ’ of thirteen weeks , claimants can neither impose restrictions on the nature , hours , rate of pay or location of work for which they are available , nor refuse a job handled by the employment service for those reasons .

Most employers have required women to retire from their jobs at a ‘ normal ’ pensionable age of 60 , whereas a much greater number of men are permitted to remain until 65 , despite trends towards earlier retirement .
most employers have required women to retire from their jobs at a ‘ normal ’ pensionable age of 60 , whereas a much greater number of men are [let/allowed] to remain until 65 , despite trends towards earlier retirement .

Sheila will not be permitted to see Mark alone or outside these times .
sheila will not be [let/allowed] to see mark alone or outside these times .

The leave of absence arrangements allowed under section 18 of the Mental Health ( Scotland ) Act 1984 enables the psychiatrist and mental health officer to ensure a higher level of supervision of vulnerable patients in the community than is permitted under the Mental Health Act 1983 .
the leave of absence arrangements allowed under section 18 of the mental health ( scotland ) act 1984 enables the psychiatrist and mental health officer to ensure a higher level of supervision of vulnerable patients in the community than is [let/allowed] under the mental health act 1983 .

‘ Training ’ or ‘ course ’ implies a predicted outcome with little opportunity to explore , take risks or experience ‘ error permitted learning ’ .
‘ training ’ or ‘ course ’ implies a predicted outcome with little opportunity to explore , take risks or experience ‘ error [let/allowed] learning ’ .

The development of major shopping facilities outside established shopping centres … or in a location or on a scale which would be likely to have an excessive impact on another established shopping centre should not be permitted .
the development of major shopping facilities outside established shopping centres … or in a location or on a scale which would be likely to have an excessive impact on another established shopping centre should not be [let/allowed] .

Women are still not permitted the same sexual freedom as men .
women are still not [let/allowed] the same sexual freedom as men .

The self-regulation of the profession and the high standards demanded of its members are said to be the justification for the monopolies enjoyed by those engaging in the activity and by the restrictive practices permitted .
the self-regulation of the profession and the high standards demanded of its members are said to be the justification for the monopolies enjoyed by those engaging in the activity and by the restrictive practices [let/allowed] .

The third event was the liberalization of the restrictions on advertising , which had previously permitted only institutional advertising such as the ‘ See a Solicitor ’ series of leaflets .
the third event was the liberalization of the restrictions on advertising , which had previously [let/allowed] only institutional advertising such as the ‘ see a solicitor ’ series of leaflets .

Extended rights of audience are to be permitted , both for present advocates in more courts and for new classes of advocates .
extended rights of audience are to be [let/allowed] , both for present advocates in more courts and for new classes of advocates .

Anyone suitably qualified will be permitted to undertake this work .
anyone suitably qualified will be [let/allowed] to undertake this work .

Both categories could keep any number of sinecures with their permitted number of cures .
both categories could keep any number of sinecures with their [let/allowed] number of cures .

We all believe , moreover , that it is the acquisition of written language which has permitted the development within some of these cultures of philosophy , science and literature ( see Goody , 1977 ) .
we all believe , moreover , that it is the acquisition of written language which has [let/allowed] the development within some of these cultures of philosophy , science and literature ( see goody , 1977 ) .

Goody goes on to make even larger claims about the ways in which the acquisition of writing , which permits man to reflect upon what he has thought , has permitted the development of cognitive structures which are not available to the non-literate ( cf .
goody goes on to make even larger claims about the ways in which the acquisition of writing , which permits man to reflect upon what he has thought , has [let/allowed] the development of cognitive structures which are not available to the non-literate ( cf .

While Doctor Who 's master minds shied away from narrative innovations — possibly fearful of losing standardised character identification tags , useful in cementing an audience 's interest — appearance-wise Susan was permitted to have a somewhat startling appearance .
while doctor who 's master minds shied away from narrative innovations — possibly fearful of losing standardised character identification tags , useful in cementing an audience 's interest — appearance-wise susan was [let/allowed] to have a somewhat startling appearance .

‘ Your request is not permitted , ’ he said at last .
‘ your request is not [let/allowed] , ’ he said at last .

Villagers were permitted to graze their pigs under its trees , but the grazing of sheep and goats was forbidden .
villagers were [let/allowed] to graze their pigs under its trees , but the grazing of sheep and goats was forbidden .

Everyone else was allowed a lot of latitude , particularly in sexual matters , and then just before they died they took the consolamentum which permitted them to enter the life of the spirit .
everyone else was allowed a lot of latitude , particularly in sexual matters , and then just before they died they took the consolamentum which [let/allowed] them to enter the life of the spirit .

The odd bit of woodland , neatly railed and labelled and no wolves allowed , and Dogs Must Be Kept on a Lead and Not Be Permitted to Foul the Footpath Penalty £50 and Quite Right Too .
the odd bit of woodland , neatly railed and labelled and no wolves allowed , and dogs must be kept on a lead and not be [let/allowed] to foul the footpath penalty £50 and quite right too .

Every third week , the girls were permitted to have visitors or to leave the premises for the weekend .
every third week , the girls were [let/allowed] to have visitors or to leave the premises for the weekend .

She was only sorry that the brief formal note which had arrived from the Palazzo granting her an interview of no more than ninety minutes ' duration had stipulated that photographs would not be permitted .
she was only sorry that the brief formal note which had arrived from the palazzo granting her an interview of no more than ninety minutes ' duration had stipulated that photographs would not be [let/allowed] .

When it comes to learning , there is a more significant difference because a general monotonic learner may be permitted to invent new basic operators , and these may be ill understood and unreliable .
when it comes to learning , there is a more significant difference because a general monotonic learner may be [let/allowed] to invent new basic operators , and these may be ill understood and unreliable .

This gave rise to the situation contemplated by section 7 ( 3 ) ( b ) where ‘ a reliable device of the type mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) ( a ) above is not available at the police station ’ and accordingly permitted the officer to require a specimen of blood or urine pursuant to section 7 ( 4 ) .
this gave rise to the situation contemplated by section 7 ( 3 ) ( b ) where ‘ a reliable device of the type mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) ( a ) above is not available at the police station ’ and accordingly [let/allowed] the officer to require a specimen of blood or urine pursuant to section 7 ( 4 ) .

Not only may the defendant be permitted , in the discretion of the court , to change that plea at any time before sentence , but , when a plea of guilty to a lesser offence than that charged has initially been accepted by the prosecutor with the approval of the court , there can , it appears to their Lordships , be no finality in that ‘ acceptance ’ until sentence is passed .
not only may the defendant be [let/allowed] , in the discretion of the court , to change that plea at any time before sentence , but , when a plea of guilty to a lesser offence than that charged has initially been accepted by the prosecutor with the approval of the court , there can , it appears to their lordships , be no finality in that ‘ acceptance ’ until sentence is passed .

By leave of the Divisional Court , the applicant was permitted to argue two further issues : first , whether Winchester was a member of Lautro , and secondly whether Winchester , either as a member or as a non-member of Lautro , had any right of appeal against the intervention notice of 30 October 1990 .
by leave of the divisional court , the applicant was [let/allowed] to argue two further issues : first , whether winchester was a member of lautro , and secondly whether winchester , either as a member or as a non-member of lautro , had any right of appeal against the intervention notice of 30 october 1990 .

‘ that , although , by the indulgence of the court , a statutory tenant might be permitted to continue to occupy premises after the making of an order for possession , he was not , during such a period of occupation , a statutory tenant with all the rights to protection conferred by the Rent Restriction Acts which he had enjoyed before the order for possession was made ; and , consequently , the daughter could not claim protection as a ‘ tenant ’ under section 12 , subsection ( 1 ) … ’
‘ that , although , by the indulgence of the court , a statutory tenant might be [let/allowed] to continue to occupy premises after the making of an order for possession , he was not , during such a period of occupation , a statutory tenant with all the rights to protection conferred by the rent restriction acts which he had enjoyed before the order for possession was made ; and , consequently , the daughter could not claim protection as a ‘ tenant ’ under section 12 , subsection ( 1 ) … ’

On 28 July 1989 Detective Constable Woodley and another officer named Clifford visited Warwick Crown Court and were permitted unsupervised inspection of the court file concerning the appellant 's case .
on 28 july 1989 detective constable woodley and another officer named clifford visited warwick crown court and were [let/allowed] unsupervised inspection of the court file concerning the appellant 's case .

’ Perhaps unwisely , as judged by subsequent events , the bank permitted overdrafts on both these accounts without apparently taking any form of guarantee or security from Dempsey .
’ perhaps unwisely , as judged by subsequent events , the bank [let/allowed] overdrafts on both these accounts without apparently taking any form of guarantee or security from dempsey .

In any event , the applicants in the main proceedings took the view that the limits of the permitted purpose and extent of such a restriction should be clearly delineated for the avoidance of doubt or evasion .
in any event , the applicants in the main proceedings took the view that the limits of the [let/allowed] purpose and extent of such a restriction should be clearly delineated for the avoidance of doubt or evasion .

‘ Not later than 31 December 1985 or prior to the determination of a planning application for the development of land south of the other two dockyard basins with access via Pembroke Gate , whichever is the sooner , vehicular access to the site hereby permitted shall be reviewed .
‘ not later than 31 december 1985 or prior to the determination of a planning application for the development of land south of the other two dockyard basins with access via pembroke gate , whichever is the sooner , vehicular access to the site hereby [let/allowed] shall be reviewed .

‘ So it emerges from these authorities that the retention of moneys known to have been paid under a mistake at law , although it is a course permitted to an ordinary litigant , is not regarded by the courts as a ‘ high-minded thing ’ to do , but rather as a ‘ shabby thing ’ or a ‘ dirty trick ’ and hence is a course which the court will not allow one of its own officers , such as a trustee in bankruptcy , to take .
‘ so it emerges from these authorities that the retention of moneys known to have been paid under a mistake at law , although it is a course [let/allowed] to an ordinary litigant , is not regarded by the courts as a ‘ high-minded thing ’ to do , but rather as a ‘ shabby thing ’ or a ‘ dirty trick ’ and hence is a course which the court will not allow one of its own officers , such as a trustee in bankruptcy , to take .

In principle the appellants should not be permitted to retain payments for which they have no warrant to charge .
in principle the appellants should not be [let/allowed] to retain payments for which they have no warrant to charge .

As in so many other fields of English law , the occasions on which recovery is permitted have been built up on a case by case basis .
as in so many other fields of english law , the occasions on which recovery is [let/allowed] have been built up on a case by case basis .

‘ ( 1 ) Where a member state prohibits retail premises from being open on Sunday for the sale of goods to customers , save in respect of certain specified items sales of which are permitted , and where the effect of the prohibition is to reduce in absolute terms the sales of goods in those premises including goods manufactured in other member states , and correspondingly to reduce the volume of imports of goods from other member states , is such a prohibition a measure having equivalent effect to a quantitative restriction on imports within the meaning of article 30 of the Treaty ?
‘ ( 1 ) where a member state prohibits retail premises from being open on sunday for the sale of goods to customers , save in respect of certain specified items sales of which are [let/allowed] , and where the effect of the prohibition is to reduce in absolute terms the sales of goods in those premises including goods manufactured in other member states , and correspondingly to reduce the volume of imports of goods from other member states , is such a prohibition a measure having equivalent effect to a quantitative restriction on imports within the meaning of article 30 of the treaty ?

It is in yachtsmen 's best interests that some flexibility is permitted now , otherwise all the wide and diverse skills that prevail on the Hamble at the present time will gradually disappear .
it is in yachtsmen 's best interests that some flexibility is [let/allowed] now , otherwise all the wide and diverse skills that prevail on the hamble at the present time will gradually disappear .

As most of the pontoons are rented to local yacht owners or associations one should not dock at a slip unless permitted to do so by the port police .
as most of the pontoons are rented to local yacht owners or associations one should not dock at a slip unless [let/allowed] to do so by the port police .

Now there are restrictions , but among the permitted food items are ‘ meat bones , blood , offal , or other parts of the carcase of any livestock or of any poultry or product derived therefrom or hatchery waste [ eg , faeces , feathers , dead chicks ] or eggs or egg shells .
now there are restrictions , but among the [let/allowed] food items are ‘ meat bones , blood , offal , or other parts of the carcase of any livestock or of any poultry or product derived therefrom or hatchery waste [ eg , faeces , feathers , dead chicks ] or eggs or egg shells .

Where an application under the Act for a grant or renewal of a licence or extension of permitted hours , etc .
where an application under the act for a grant or renewal of a licence or extension of [let/allowed] hours , etc .

( e ) , ( f ) and ( g ) For the meaning of `` permitted hours , `` see s.139 ( 1 ) .
( e ) , ( f ) and ( g ) for the meaning of `` [let/allowed] hours , `` see s.139 ( 1 ) .

For the provisions relating to the extension and restriction of permitted hours , see 55.64 and 65 .
for the provisions relating to the extension and restriction of [let/allowed] hours , see 55.64 and 65 .

( 6 ) The applications referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above are as follows : a ) an application for the grant or renewal of a licence ; b ) an application for the provisional grant of a new licence ; c ) an application for a permanent transfer of a licence ; d ) an application for a regular extension of permitted hours .
( 6 ) the applications referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above are as follows : a ) an application for the grant or renewal of a licence ; b ) an application for the provisional grant of a new licence ; c ) an application for a permanent transfer of a licence ; d ) an application for a regular extension of [let/allowed] hours .

The section applies to applications for the grant or renewal of a licence ( including the provisional grant of a new licence ) , for the permanent transfer of a licence , and for the regular extension of permitted hours ( subs .
the section applies to applications for the grant or renewal of a licence ( including the provisional grant of a new licence ) , for the permanent transfer of a licence , and for the regular extension of [let/allowed] hours ( subs .

( 6 ) For the provisions relating to the renewal of a licence , the provisional grant of a licence , the permanent transfer of a licence , and the regular extension of permitted hours , see ss.24 , 25,26 and 64 respectively .
( 6 ) for the provisions relating to the renewal of a licence , the provisional grant of a licence , the permanent transfer of a licence , and the regular extension of [let/allowed] hours , see ss.24 , 25,26 and 64 respectively .

( 1 ) The clerk of a licensing board shall , in accordance with the provisions of this section , not later than three weeks before the first day of the meeting of the board at which the applications are to be considered , cause to be published in one or more newspapers circulating in the area of the board a list of all competent applications made to the board for the grant , including the provisional grant , of a new licence ; the regular extension of permitted hours .
( 1 ) the clerk of a licensing board shall , in accordance with the provisions of this section , not later than three weeks before the first day of the meeting of the board at which the applications are to be considered , cause to be published in one or more newspapers circulating in the area of the board a list of all competent applications made to the board for the grant , including the provisional grant , of a new licence ; the regular extension of [let/allowed] hours .

( 3 ) In relation to each application for the regular extension of permitted hours , the list mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above shall specify ( a ) the name , designation and address of the applicant ; ( b ) the address of the premises in respect of which the application is made and the type of licence held in respect of those premises ; the nature of the extension of hours for which application is made ; the first day of the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered .
( 3 ) in relation to each application for the regular extension of [let/allowed] hours , the list mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above shall specify ( a ) the name , designation and address of the applicant ; ( b ) the address of the premises in respect of which the application is made and the type of licence held in respect of those premises ; the nature of the extension of hours for which application is made ; the first day of the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered .

For the provisions relating to provisional grant and the regular extension of the permitted hours , see ss.26 and 64 respectively .
for the provisions relating to provisional grant and the regular extension of the [let/allowed] hours , see ss.26 and 64 respectively .

( 1 ) If any applicant for the grant , renewal , or permanent transfer of a licence or for a regular extension of permitted hours , either by himself or by another person at the instigation of the applicant , attempts to influence a member of a licensing board to support his application at any time before its consideration by the board , he shall be guilty of an offence .
( 1 ) if any applicant for the grant , renewal , or permanent transfer of a licence or for a regular extension of [let/allowed] hours , either by himself or by another person at the instigation of the applicant , attempts to influence a member of a licensing board to support his application at any time before its consideration by the board , he shall be guilty of an offence .

The section prohibits canvassing in the sense of the attempt of an applicant or of another person at his instigation to influence a member of a licensing board to support his application for a grant , renewal or permanent transfer of a licence , or for a regular extension of permitted hours before the application is considered by the board ( subs .
the section prohibits canvassing in the sense of the attempt of an applicant or of another person at his instigation to influence a member of a licensing board to support his application for a grant , renewal or permanent transfer of a licence , or for a regular extension of [let/allowed] hours before the application is considered by the board ( subs .

For meanings of " permanent transfer " and " regular extension of permitted hours , " see ss.25(7) and 64 respectively .
for meanings of " permanent transfer " and " regular extension of [let/allowed] hours , " see ss.25(7) and 64 respectively .

Provided that the licensing board may , when granting a licence or an application for an extension of the permitted hours , restrict the alcoholic liquor which may be sold thereunder to wine , made-wine , porter , ale , beer , cider and perry .
provided that the licensing board may , when granting a licence or an application for an extension of the [let/allowed] hours , restrict the alcoholic liquor which may be sold thereunder to wine , made-wine , porter , ale , beer , cider and perry .

( 6 ) The provisions of this Act and of any byelaws or regulations made thereunder , other than provisions relating to permitted hours , shall apply to the sale of alcoholic liquor under subsection ( 1 ) above as if the sale took place on licensed premises and to the sale of alcoholic liquor under subsection ( 2 ) above as if the sale took place in the registered club .
( 6 ) the provisions of this act and of any byelaws or regulations made thereunder , other than provisions relating to [let/allowed] hours , shall apply to the sale of alcoholic liquor under subsection ( 1 ) above as if the sale took place on licensed premises and to the sale of alcoholic liquor under subsection ( 2 ) above as if the sale took place in the registered club .

Permitted hours in licensed premises and registered clubs
[let/allowed] hours in licensed premises and registered clubs

( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act , the permitted hours in licensed premises , licensed canteens and registered clubs shall be those set out in the following provisions of this section .
( 1 ) subject to the provisions of this act , the [let/allowed] hours in licensed premises , licensed canteens and registered clubs shall be those set out in the following provisions of this section .

( 2 ) The permitted hours for premises in respect of which a public house licence or a refreshment licence is in force shall be the period between eleven in the morning and half-past two in the afternoon and the period between five and eleven in the evening , except for Sundays when the permitted hours shall be the period between half-past twelve and half-past two in the afternoon and the period between half-past six and eleven in the evening but only in the case of premises in respect of which an application for Sunday opening has been made to and granted by a licensing board in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Act , which shall have effect .
( 2 ) the [let/allowed] hours for premises in respect of which a public house licence or a refreshment licence is in force shall be the period between eleven in the morning and half-past two in the afternoon and the period between five and eleven in the evening , except for sundays when the [let/allowed] hours shall be the period between half-past twelve and half-past two in the afternoon and the period between half-past six and eleven in the evening but only in the case of premises in respect of which an application for sunday opening has been made to and granted by a licensing board in accordance with the provisions of schedule 4 to this act , which shall have effect .

Prohibition of sale and consumption of alcoholic liquor except during permitted hours
prohibition of sale and consumption of alcoholic liquor except during [let/allowed] hours

( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act , no person shall , except during the permitted hours : ( a ) sell or supply to any person in any licensed premises , or licensed canteen , or in the premises of a registered club any alcoholic liquor to be consumed either on or off the premises , or consume in , or take from , any such premises any alcoholic liquor .
( 1 ) subject to the provisions of this act , no person shall , except during the [let/allowed] hours : ( a ) sell or supply to any person in any licensed premises , or licensed canteen , or in the premises of a registered club any alcoholic liquor to be consumed either on or off the premises , or consume in , or take from , any such premises any alcoholic liquor .

( 2 ) Nothing in subsection ( 1 ) above shall prohibit or restrict : ( a ) the consumption of alcoholic liquor in any premises at any time within fifteen minutes after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if such liquor was supplied in those premises during the permitted hours ; ( b ) the taking of alcoholic liquor from any premises within fifteen minutes after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if such liquor was supplied in those premises during the permitted hours and was not supplied or taken away in an open vessel ; ( c ) the sale or supply to , or consumption by , any person of alcoholic liquor in any premises where he is residing ; ( d ) the taking of alcoholic liquor from any premises by a person residing there ; ( e ) the supply of alcoholic liquor , in any premises , for consumption on those premises , to any private friends of a person residing there who are bona fide entertained by , and at the expense of , that person , or the consumption by such friends of alcoholic liquor so supplied to them ; the ordering of alcoholic liquor to be consumed off the premises or the despatch by the vendor of liquor so ordered ; ( g ) the supply of alcoholic liquor for consumption on licensed premises to any private friends of the holder of the licence bona fide entertained by him at his own expense , or the consumption of alcoholic liquor by persons so supplied ; ( h ) the consumption of alcoholic liquor at a meal by any person at any time within half an hour after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if the liquor was supplied during the permitted hours and served at the same time as the meal and for consumption at the meal ; ( i ) the sale of alcoholic liquor to a trader for the purposes of his trade , or to a registered club for the purposes of the club ; or ( j ) the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor to any canteen in which the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor is carried on under the authority of the Secretary of State or to any authorised mess of members of Her Majesty 's naval , military or air forces .
( 2 ) nothing in subsection ( 1 ) above shall prohibit or restrict : ( a ) the consumption of alcoholic liquor in any premises at any time within fifteen minutes after the conclusion of the [let/allowed] hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if such liquor was supplied in those premises during the [let/allowed] hours ; ( b ) the taking of alcoholic liquor from any premises within fifteen minutes after the conclusion of the [let/allowed] hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if such liquor was supplied in those premises during the [let/allowed] hours and was not supplied or taken away in an open vessel ; ( c ) the sale or supply to , or consumption by , any person of alcoholic liquor in any premises where he is residing ; ( d ) the taking of alcoholic liquor from any premises by a person residing there ; ( e ) the supply of alcoholic liquor , in any premises , for consumption on those premises , to any private friends of a person residing there who are bona fide entertained by , and at the expense of , that person , or the consumption by such friends of alcoholic liquor so supplied to them ; the ordering of alcoholic liquor to be consumed off the premises or the despatch by the vendor of liquor so ordered ; ( g ) the supply of alcoholic liquor for consumption on licensed premises to any private friends of the holder of the licence bona fide entertained by him at his own expense , or the consumption of alcoholic liquor by persons so supplied ; ( h ) the consumption of alcoholic liquor at a meal by any person at any time within half an hour after the conclusion of the [let/allowed] hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if the liquor was supplied during the [let/allowed] hours and served at the same time as the meal and for consumption at the meal ; ( i ) the sale of alcoholic liquor to a trader for the purposes of his trade , or to a registered club for the purposes of the club ; or ( j ) the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor to any canteen in which the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor is carried on under the authority of the secretary of state or to any authorised mess of members of her majesty 's naval , military or air forces .

( 4 ) Nothing in this Act shall be taken to require any premises to be open for the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor during the permitted hours .
( 4 ) nothing in this act shall be taken to require any premises to be open for the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor during the [let/allowed] hours .

To these premises , the permitted hours and the prohibition against the sale , supply and consumption outwith these hours do not apply with the exception of the restrictions on the sale of liquor on passenger vessels on Sundays imposed by 5.93 .
to these premises , the [let/allowed] hours and the prohibition against the sale , supply and consumption outwith these hours do not apply with the exception of the restrictions on the sale of liquor on passenger vessels on sundays imposed by 5.93 .

For the meaning of " permitted hours , " see s.139(1) .
for the meaning of " [let/allowed] hours , " see s.139(1) .

5.1 to also lays down the permitted hours for off-sale premises .
5.1 to also lays down the [let/allowed] hours for off-sale premises .

( a ) and ( h ) preserve the additional period for consuming alcoholic liquor or taking away alcoholic liquor supplied in a closed vessel purchased during the permitted hours introduced by 5.3 of the 1962 Act .
( a ) and ( h ) preserve the additional period for consuming alcoholic liquor or taking away alcoholic liquor supplied in a closed vessel purchased during the [let/allowed] hours introduced by 5.3 of the 1962 act .

( f ) Ordering or despatching outwith permitted hours .
( f ) ordering or despatching outwith [let/allowed] hours .

Although sale or supply outwith permitted hours is prohibited .
although sale or supply outwith [let/allowed] hours is prohibited .

liquor may be ordered outwith permitted hours for consumption off the premises .
liquor may be ordered outwith [let/allowed] hours for consumption off the premises .

or , having been ordered for consumption off the premises , it may be despatched by the vendor outwith permitted hours .
or , having been ordered for consumption off the premises , it may be despatched by the vendor outwith [let/allowed] hours .

But while the certificate-holder may take the order outwith permitted hours , he must not complete the sale outwith permitted hours , by accepting payment , or handing the liquor to the customer , or delivering the liquor to the customer 's house .
but while the certificate-holder may take the order outwith [let/allowed] hours , he must not complete the sale outwith [let/allowed] hours , by accepting payment , or handing the liquor to the customer , or delivering the liquor to the customer 's house .

In the same way he may only despatch the liquor to the customer outwith permitted hours .
in the same way he may only despatch the liquor to the customer outwith [let/allowed] hours .

However , the High Court of Justiciary considered the supply of excisable liquor outwith the permitted hours where an extension of the permitted hours had been granted for the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor to persons taking a table meal , and the liquor had been supplied to persons who had not requested or been provided with a meal .
however , the high court of justiciary considered the supply of excisable liquor outwith the [let/allowed] hours where an extension of the [let/allowed] hours had been granted for the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor to persons taking a table meal , and the liquor had been supplied to persons who had not requested or been provided with a meal .

It should be noted that it is only the sale , and not the supply , of alcoholic liquor outside permitted hours which is authorised by this provision .
it should be noted that it is only the sale , and not the supply , of alcoholic liquor outside [let/allowed] hours which is authorised by this provision .

( 3 ) The maximum penalty for the sale or supply of liquor outside the permitted hours ( subs .
( 3 ) the maximum penalty for the sale or supply of liquor outside the [let/allowed] hours ( subs .

The maximum penalty for the consumption of liquor outwith the permitted hours is a fine of level 3 ( Sched .
the maximum penalty for the consumption of liquor outwith the [let/allowed] hours is a fine of level 3 ( sched .

On granting or transferring a restricted hotel licence or a restaurant licence in respect of any premises , a licensing board shall , if as regards the use of the premises for the provision of the customary main meals it appears to the board that it is only for the customary main meal at midday or only for the customary main meal in the evening that the premises fall within paragraph ( a ) ( ii ) of the restricted hotel licence or paragraph ( a ) ( ii ) of the restaurant licence as set out in Schedule 1 to this Act , insert in the licence a condition that there shall be no permitted hours in the evening , or that there shall be permitted hours in the premises only in the evening , as the case requires .
on granting or transferring a restricted hotel licence or a restaurant licence in respect of any premises , a licensing board shall , if as regards the use of the premises for the provision of the customary main meals it appears to the board that it is only for the customary main meal at midday or only for the customary main meal in the evening that the premises fall within paragraph ( a ) ( ii ) of the restricted hotel licence or paragraph ( a ) ( ii ) of the restaurant licence as set out in schedule 1 to this act , insert in the licence a condition that there shall be no [let/allowed] hours in the evening , or that there shall be [let/allowed] hours in the premises only in the evening , as the case requires .

Alternative permitted hours in certain athletic clubs during winter
alternative [let/allowed] hours in certain athletic clubs during winter

( 2 ) The conditions referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above are : ( a ) that the premises of the club are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , wholly or mainly for the purpose of providing facilities in connection with the carrying on by members of the club and their guests of athletic sports or athletic games ; ( b ) that one or more of such sports or games is or are usually carried on out of doors and , when so carried on , can ( unless artificial lighting is used ) only be carried on during hours of daylight ; ( c ) that the said premises are regularly used , or are intended regularly to be used , during the winter period , for providing facilities in connection with the carrying on by members of the club and their guests , during the hours of daylight , of such a sport or game as is mentioned in paragraph ( ii ) above ; ( d ) that having regard to the time at which the said sport or game is usually carried on by members of the club and their guests , the permitted hours set out in section 53(3) of this Act are not suitable for the supply of alcoholic liquor in the said premises to persons who participate in that sport or game .
( 2 ) the conditions referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above are : ( a ) that the premises of the club are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , wholly or mainly for the purpose of providing facilities in connection with the carrying on by members of the club and their guests of athletic sports or athletic games ; ( b ) that one or more of such sports or games is or are usually carried on out of doors and , when so carried on , can ( unless artificial lighting is used ) only be carried on during hours of daylight ; ( c ) that the said premises are regularly used , or are intended regularly to be used , during the winter period , for providing facilities in connection with the carrying on by members of the club and their guests , during the hours of daylight , of such a sport or game as is mentioned in paragraph ( ii ) above ; ( d ) that having regard to the time at which the said sport or game is usually carried on by members of the club and their guests , the [let/allowed] hours set out in section 53(3) of this act are not suitable for the supply of alcoholic liquor in the said premises to persons who participate in that sport or game .

Alternative permitted hours for athletic clubs .
alternative [let/allowed] hours for athletic clubs .

This section permits sports clubs to have alternative permitted hours in the winter where the sport is played out of doors .
this section permits sports clubs to have alternative [let/allowed] hours in the winter where the sport is played out of doors .

The alternative permitted hours are , on weekdays 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. and 4 p.m. to 10.30 p.m. , on Saturdays the same hours as for weekdays or alternatively , 1 p.m. to 10.30 p.m. , and on Sundays 12.30 pm .
the alternative [let/allowed] hours are , on weekdays 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. and 4 p.m. to 10.30 p.m. , on saturdays the same hours as for weekdays or alternatively , 1 p.m. to 10.30 p.m. , and on sundays 12.30 pm .

In order to qualify for alternative permitted hours , the club must fulfil the following conditions ( subss .
in order to qualify for alternative [let/allowed] hours , the club must fulfil the following conditions ( subss .

: ( a ) that the club premises are adapted and used by members and their guests for carrying on athletic sports or games ; ( b ) that at least one of the sports or games is carried on out of doors , and in daylight ( unless artificial light is used ) ; ( c ) that the premises are regularly used during winter and the hours of daylight for a sport specified in ( b ) ; ( a ) that the usual permitted hours are not suitable for the time at which the game or sport is usually played by members and their guests for the supply of liquor to those participating in the game .
: ( a ) that the club premises are adapted and used by members and their guests for carrying on athletic sports or games ; ( b ) that at least one of the sports or games is carried on out of doors , and in daylight ( unless artificial light is used ) ; ( c ) that the premises are regularly used during winter and the hours of daylight for a sport specified in ( b ) ; ( a ) that the usual [let/allowed] hours are not suitable for the time at which the game or sport is usually played by members and their guests for the supply of liquor to those participating in the game .

The procedure is by application to the sheriff for an order granting the alternative permitted hours on weekdays or Sundays or both .
the procedure is by application to the sheriff for an order granting the alternative [let/allowed] hours on weekdays or sundays or both .

Extension of permitted hours in the afternoon in certain licensed premises and clubs
extension of [let/allowed] hours in the afternoon in certain licensed premises and clubs

( 2 ) While this section applies to any premises , the effect shall be that , for the purposes mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) below , the permitted hours in those premises in the afternoon shall be increased by the addition of one and a half hours at the end thereof .
( 2 ) while this section applies to any premises , the effect shall be that , for the purposes mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) below , the [let/allowed] hours in those premises in the afternoon shall be increased by the addition of one and a half hours at the end thereof .

( 4 ) While this section applies to any premises , then for purposes other than those mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) above , or in parts of the premises other than the part so mentioned , the permitted hours shall be the same as if this section did not apply to the premises .
( 4 ) while this section applies to any premises , then for purposes other than those mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) above , or in parts of the premises other than the part so mentioned , the [let/allowed] hours shall be the same as if this section did not apply to the premises .

Once the section has been applied to premises the afternoon permitted hours are extended by one and a half hours for the sale and supply of liquor for the purposes specified in subs .
once the section has been applied to premises the afternoon [let/allowed] hours are extended by one and a half hours for the sale and supply of liquor for the purposes specified in subs .

( 2 ) `` Permitted tours `` are defined in s.139 ( 1 ) .
( 2 ) `` [let/allowed] tours `` are defined in s.139 ( 1 ) .

The effect of the application of the section to premises is to extend the permitted hours in the afternoon to 4 pm .
the effect of the application of the section to premises is to extend the [let/allowed] hours in the afternoon to 4 pm .

( 4 ) The purpose of the subsection is to make it clear that the extension of the permitted hours only applies to the part of the premises set apart for the consumption of main meals by a person having a table meal there .
( 4 ) the purpose of the subsection is to make it clear that the extension of the [let/allowed] hours only applies to the part of the premises set apart for the consumption of main meals by a person having a table meal there .

Extension of permitted hours in the evening in certain licensed premises and clubs
extension of [let/allowed] hours in the evening in certain licensed premises and clubs

( 2 ) While this section applies to any premises , the effect shall be that for the purposes mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) below the permitted hours in those premises in the evening shall be increased by the addition of two hours at the end thereof .
( 2 ) while this section applies to any premises , the effect shall be that for the purposes mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) below the [let/allowed] hours in those premises in the evening shall be increased by the addition of two hours at the end thereof .

( 4 ) While this section applies to any premises , then for purposes other than those mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) above , or in parts of the premises other than the part so mentioned , the permitted hours shall be the same as if this section did not apply to the premises .
( 4 ) while this section applies to any premises , then for purposes other than those mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) above , or in parts of the premises other than the part so mentioned , the [let/allowed] hours shall be the same as if this section did not apply to the premises .

Extension of permitted hours in the evening .
extension of [let/allowed] hours in the evening .

The section enacts similar provisions to the previous section for the purpose of enabling the extension of the permitted hours by two hours in the evening .
the section enacts similar provisions to the previous section for the purpose of enabling the extension of the [let/allowed] hours by two hours in the evening .

Restaurants in public houses may have permitted hours on Sundays in certain cases
restaurants in public houses may have [let/allowed] hours on sundays in certain cases

( ii ) [ repealed 1981 c. 23 , Sched. 4. ] ( 2 ) While this section applies to any premises , the effect shall be that for the purposes mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) below there shall be permitted hours in those premises on Sundays , such permitted hours being the period between half-past twelve and half-past two in the afternoon and the period between half-past six and eleven in the evening ( 3 ) The purposes referred to in subsection ( 2 ) above are : ( a ) the sale or supply to persons taking table meals in the premises of alcoholic liquor supplied in a part of the premises usually set apart for the service of such persons , and supplied for consumption by such a person in that part of the premises as an ancillary to his meal ; and ( b ) the consumption of alcoholic liquor so supplied .
( ii ) [ repealed 1981 c. 23 , sched. 4. ] ( 2 ) while this section applies to any premises , the effect shall be that for the purposes mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) below there shall be [let/allowed] hours in those premises on sundays , such [let/allowed] hours being the period between half-past twelve and half-past two in the afternoon and the period between half-past six and eleven in the evening ( 3 ) the purposes referred to in subsection ( 2 ) above are : ( a ) the sale or supply to persons taking table meals in the premises of alcoholic liquor supplied in a part of the premises usually set apart for the service of such persons , and supplied for consumption by such a person in that part of the premises as an ancillary to his meal ; and ( b ) the consumption of alcoholic liquor so supplied .

( 4 ) While this section applies to any premises , then for purposes other than those mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) above , or in parts of the premises other than the part so mentioned , or except as otherwise provided by this Act , there shall be no permitted hours on Sundays .
( 4 ) while this section applies to any premises , then for purposes other than those mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) above , or in parts of the premises other than the part so mentioned , or except as otherwise provided by this act , there shall be no [let/allowed] hours on sundays .

Permitted hours for restaurants in public houses on Sundays .
[let/allowed] hours for restaurants in public houses on sundays .

Other provisions as respects extension of permitted hours on Sundays
other provisions as respects extension of [let/allowed] hours on sundays

( 1 ) This section shall apply to any premises for which a hotel licence , restricted hotel licence , or restaurant licence is held and to any premises for which a public house licence or refreshment licence is held and in respect of which an application for Sunday opening has been granted under Schedule 4 to this Act if the licence-holder gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with the provisions of section 58(1) of this Act , and the effect of the application of this section to those premises shall be that , for the purposes mentioned in section 58(3) of this Act , the permitted hours on Sundays shall be extended by , the addition to them of the hours between five and half-past six in the evening , and subsections ( 4 ) , ( 5 ) , ( 6 ) and ( 8 ) of that section shall apply accordingly .
( 1 ) this section shall apply to any premises for which a hotel licence , restricted hotel licence , or restaurant licence is held and to any premises for which a public house licence or refreshment licence is held and in respect of which an application for sunday opening has been granted under schedule 4 to this act if the licence-holder gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with the provisions of section 58(1) of this act , and the effect of the application of this section to those premises shall be that , for the purposes mentioned in section 58(3) of this act , the [let/allowed] hours on sundays shall be extended by , the addition to them of the hours between five and half-past six in the evening , and subsections ( 4 ) , ( 5 ) , ( 6 ) and ( 8 ) of that section shall apply accordingly .

( 2 ) This section shall apply to any premises for which a public house licence is held and to which section 59 of this Act applies if the licence holder gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with the provisions of subsection ( 1 ) of section 59 of this Act , and the effect of the application of this section to those premises shall be that , for the purposes mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) of section 59 of this Act , the permitted hours on Sundays shall be extended by the addition to them of the hours between five and half-past six in the evening , and subsections ( 5 ) to ( 7 ) of that section shall apply accordingly .
( 2 ) this section shall apply to any premises for which a public house licence is held and to which section 59 of this act applies if the licence holder gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with the provisions of subsection ( 1 ) of section 59 of this act , and the effect of the application of this section to those premises shall be that , for the purposes mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) of section 59 of this act , the [let/allowed] hours on sundays shall be extended by the addition to them of the hours between five and half-past six in the evening , and subsections ( 5 ) to ( 7 ) of that section shall apply accordingly .

Extension of permitted hours on Sundays .
extension of [let/allowed] hours on sundays .

4 ) may have permitted hours on a Sunday which commence at 5 p.m. ( subs .
4 ) may have [let/allowed] hours on a sunday which commence at 5 p.m. ( subs .

( 1 ) On granting or transferring a hotel licence , a restricted hotel licence , a restaurant licence or an entertainment licence in respect of any premises , a licensing board shall , if the applicant so requests , insert in the licence a condition that there shall be no permitted hours in those premises on Sundays .
( 1 ) on granting or transferring a hotel licence , a restricted hotel licence , a restaurant licence or an entertainment licence in respect of any premises , a licensing board shall , if the applicant so requests , insert in the licence a condition that there shall be no [let/allowed] hours in those premises on sundays .

On Sundays , premises in respect of which a six-day licence is in force are only entitled to supply alcoholic liquor to such persons as they are entitled to outwith the permitted hours .
on sundays , premises in respect of which a six-day licence is in force are only entitled to supply alcoholic liquor to such persons as they are entitled to outwith the [let/allowed] hours .

For instance , the value of the total toy market is a function of the number of children of the relevant ages , the access of these children ( as permitted by their parents ) to retail outlets , and industry or market research figures for per capita expenditure per child on toys , suitably adjusted for inflation , increased in personal disposable income ( etc ) .
for instance , the value of the total toy market is a function of the number of children of the relevant ages , the access of these children ( as [let/allowed] by their parents ) to retail outlets , and industry or market research figures for per capita expenditure per child on toys , suitably adjusted for inflation , increased in personal disposable income ( etc ) .

Technological developments have permitted product differentiation , and made possible more flexible production and supply arrangements .
technological developments have [let/allowed] product differentiation , and made possible more flexible production and supply arrangements .

Various linguistic alternatives were permitted but the Greek Kyrie and Latin Gloria were generally retained .
various linguistic alternatives were [let/allowed] but the greek kyrie and latin gloria were generally retained .

Both sides are permitted considerable licence to achieve their aims and in the ensuing melee , where there is little prospect of administering rules , many old scores are settled .
both sides are [let/allowed] considerable licence to achieve their aims and in the ensuing melee , where there is little prospect of administering rules , many old scores are settled .

Women were permitted corsets only if they used no force to preserve the shape .
women were [let/allowed] corsets only if they used no force to preserve the shape .

There was a riffle of suppressed laughter at this permitted intimacy , but Caterina pressed on , for Rosa must not cry any more , not like that , must not cast her off , not like that .
there was a riffle of suppressed laughter at this [let/allowed] intimacy , but caterina pressed on , for rosa must not cry any more , not like that , must not cast her off , not like that .

He promised himself that this would be the last time he strayed beyond the legally permitted limits in life-he could n't risk the loss of Celia .
he promised himself that this would be the last time he strayed beyond the legally [let/allowed] limits in life-he could n't risk the loss of celia .

In older working class communities , where neither housing conditions nor wages permitted such total devotion to housewifery , it nevertheless appeared that on the whole standards of housekeeping were high .
in older working class communities , where neither housing conditions nor wages [let/allowed] such total devotion to housewifery , it nevertheless appeared that on the whole standards of housekeeping were high .

The Workers ' Birth Control Group was anxious to show that women were not going to renege on motherhood if they were permitted easier access to birth control information : ‘ the committee of this organisation consists of married women who have children , and they are not in any way out to say it is a good thing not to have children ’ .
the workers ' birth control group was anxious to show that women were not going to renege on motherhood if they were [let/allowed] easier access to birth control information : ‘ the committee of this organisation consists of married women who have children , and they are not in any way out to say it is a good thing not to have children ’ .

In 1909 , in Faversham , the old were permitted to live with their children in the summer , doing fieldwork and babysitting chores , but had to return to the workhouse in winter .
in 1909 , in faversham , the old were [let/allowed] to live with their children in the summer , doing fieldwork and babysitting chores , but had to return to the workhouse in winter .

The Married Women 's Property Acts of the 1870s and 1880s permitted women to control their own property , although married women were not given the same capacity as single women to acquire , hold and dispose of property until 1935 .
the married women 's property acts of the 1870s and 1880s [let/allowed] women to control their own property , although married women were not given the same capacity as single women to acquire , hold and dispose of property until 1935 .

Women ratepayers , married or unmarried , had long been permitted to sit on urban and rural district councils and parish councils , so that during the late 1890s the number of women holding elected office in local government ( including Poor Law and school board work ) may well have exceeded the number holding office today .
women ratepayers , married or unmarried , had long been [let/allowed] to sit on urban and rural district councils and parish councils , so that during the late 1890s the number of women holding elected office in local government ( including poor law and school board work ) may well have exceeded the number holding office today .

She had never permitted herself to conjure it up .
she had never [let/allowed] herself to conjure it up .

Thus Quality Control is basically a system for setting quality standards , measuring performance against those standards and taking appropriate action to deal with deviations outside permitted tolerances .
thus quality control is basically a system for setting quality standards , measuring performance against those standards and taking appropriate action to deal with deviations outside [let/allowed] tolerances .

Conversely , if the product is in decline little or no expenditure on advertising will be permitted .
conversely , if the product is in decline little or no expenditure on advertising will be [let/allowed] .

He saw it as filled with lines of force , whose arrangements permitted or prohibited the passage of an electric current ; this was itself force rather than any material ‘ juice ’ .
he saw it as filled with lines of force , whose arrangements [let/allowed] or prohibited the passage of an electric current ; this was itself force rather than any material ‘ juice ’ .

The door that Fenella had indicated was the one with ill-fitting seams that permitted the red glow to seep through .
the door that fenella had indicated was the one with ill-fitting seams that [let/allowed] the red glow to seep through .

Should any local authority provide a service not specifically permitted by Parliament it would be acting illegally , or ultra vires ( see Chapter 15 ) .
should any local authority provide a service not specifically [let/allowed] by parliament it would be acting illegally , or ultra vires ( see chapter 15 ) .

Ultra vires is obviously a restrictive doctrine ( although local authorities are permitted to raise a 2p rate to finance functions not specifically authorized by statute ) .
ultra vires is obviously a restrictive doctrine ( although local authorities are [let/allowed] to raise a 2p rate to finance functions not specifically authorized by statute ) .

Authorities can also switch expenditure between services to a greater extent than hitherto , as virement ( transfer ) between blocks is permitted .
authorities can also switch expenditure between services to a greater extent than hitherto , as virement ( transfer ) between blocks is [let/allowed] .

Dierdriu said gently , ‘ Had you been half siblings , something might have been permitted .
dierdriu said gently , ‘ had you been half siblings , something might have been [let/allowed] .

Where conflicts of interest arise ( should minerals exploration be permitted in a caribou reserve ?
where conflicts of interest arise ( should minerals exploration be [let/allowed] in a caribou reserve ?

Chris was now an auxiliary fireman and he and Maureen could meet only when their duties permitted .
chris was now an auxiliary fireman and he and maureen could meet only when their duties [let/allowed] .

It made much of ‘ flexibility ’ but in a way which implied that only certain versions of flexibility were permitted , and it failed to treat the notion of ‘ good practice ’ as the problematic issue it manifestly is .
it made much of ‘ flexibility ’ but in a way which implied that only certain versions of flexibility were [let/allowed] , and it failed to treat the notion of ‘ good practice ’ as the problematic issue it manifestly is .

In a miniature echo of Tsarist Russia , those of the Ascendancy who were dwindling , Goldsmith 's children , and Swift 's , were permitted to carry on fading ; those more vigorous were not made to feel welcome in the new Ireland of ‘ the Risen People ’ .
in a miniature echo of tsarist russia , those of the ascendancy who were dwindling , goldsmith 's children , and swift 's , were [let/allowed] to carry on fading ; those more vigorous were not made to feel welcome in the new ireland of ‘ the risen people ’ .

’ Johnson disliked the riding he had experienced on Skye , complaining of its ‘ unsocial ’ nature , owing to the usual narrowness of the way which never permitted two abreast ; and , he said , ‘ you can not indulge in meditation by yourself , because you must be always attending to the steps which your horse takes ’ .
’ johnson disliked the riding he had experienced on skye , complaining of its ‘ unsocial ’ nature , owing to the usual narrowness of the way which never [let/allowed] two abreast ; and , he said , ‘ you can not indulge in meditation by yourself , because you must be always attending to the steps which your horse takes ’ .

Dunvegan had a well ; the water , Johnson found upon enquiry , was not brackish but hard ; Rorie More 's drinking-horn held two quarts of liquor , ‘ which the heir of Macleod was expected to swallow at a draught … before he was permitted to bear arms , or could claim a seat among the men ’ .
dunvegan had a well ; the water , johnson found upon enquiry , was not brackish but hard ; rorie more 's drinking-horn held two quarts of liquor , ‘ which the heir of macleod was expected to swallow at a draught … before he was [let/allowed] to bear arms , or could claim a seat among the men ’ .

( Debate about Cuba , however , was not permitted to surface in print until very recently . )
( debate about cuba , however , was not [let/allowed] to surface in print until very recently . )

Zimmerman points out that ‘ it was at this stage that Soviet authorities permitted , tolerated or encouraged Marshal Sokolovskii and his colleagues to publish an awesome picture of American military might ’ ( Voennaia Strategiia , 1962 ) and that ‘ wide dissemination was given to statements declaring that never before had imperialism been so strong ’ ( Zimmerman : 1969 , p. 192 ) .
zimmerman points out that ‘ it was at this stage that soviet authorities [let/allowed] , tolerated or encouraged marshal sokolovskii and his colleagues to publish an awesome picture of american military might ’ ( voennaia strategiia , 1962 ) and that ‘ wide dissemination was given to statements declaring that never before had imperialism been so strong ’ ( zimmerman : 1969 , p. 192 ) .

He opened his mouth to make an acid retort , and then remembered that the sura which permitted captives to be enslaved also went to considerable lengths to provide laws for their welfare .
he opened his mouth to make an acid retort , and then remembered that the sura which [let/allowed] captives to be enslaved also went to considerable lengths to provide laws for their welfare .

Because his ennoblement could not be ratified until the Dragon Throne was formally occupied , Alexei was not permitted to vote .
because his ennoblement could not be ratified until the dragon throne was formally occupied , alexei was not [let/allowed] to vote .

‘ If the Yasa permitted the application of our knowledge — ’ Alexei started .
‘ if the yasa [let/allowed] the application of our knowledge — ’ alexei started .

The same medical technology which improved life expectancy and permitted the surgical replacement of defective organs also obstructed the process of natural selection , so that heightened abilities and levels of perception were still uncommon among ordinary men .
the same medical technology which improved life expectancy and [let/allowed] the surgical replacement of defective organs also obstructed the process of natural selection , so that heightened abilities and levels of perception were still uncommon among ordinary men .

The licence which was permitted under Nogai is a thing of the past now , and while you have not broken the Yasa , there is the matter of custom .
the licence which was [let/allowed] under nogai is a thing of the past now , and while you have not broken the yasa , there is the matter of custom .

No shaman was present to preside or to ask for God 's blessing upon Artai 's reign , Alexei saw , for it was a fact that there was no such thing as organised religion on this world , and even casual superstition was not permitted to interfere for long in the affairs of men .
no shaman was present to preside or to ask for god 's blessing upon artai 's reign , alexei saw , for it was a fact that there was no such thing as organised religion on this world , and even casual superstition was not [let/allowed] to interfere for long in the affairs of men .

No one was permitted to build outside the city wall — indeed it would have been more or less impossible given the sheer drop to the plain — and as a result the ever-industrious Kinsani merchants had expanded in directions which were not forbidden by the law .
no one was [let/allowed] to build outside the city wall — indeed it would have been more or less impossible given the sheer drop to the plain — and as a result the ever-industrious kinsani merchants had expanded in directions which were not forbidden by the law .

‘ Such lawlessness can not be permitted to continue , ’ Artai said .
‘ such lawlessness can not be [let/allowed] to continue , ’ artai said .

That which was sufficient for the needs of the people was permitted , but innovation for its own sake , or for the purposes of profit , was contrary to the law .
that which was sufficient for the needs of the people was [let/allowed] , but innovation for its own sake , or for the purposes of profit , was contrary to the law .

‘ The cost of a vessel such as the Khan has described will be beyond a trader 's reach , Noyon , given that men are permitted to make only a profit from an enterprise which may be considered just .
‘ the cost of a vessel such as the khan has described will be beyond a trader 's reach , noyon , given that men are [let/allowed] to make only a profit from an enterprise which may be considered just .

The Sechem were seldom if ever wrong when they agreed thai a method was to be permitted , for very little of what men considered new science was in fact a matter of recent discovery .
the sechem were seldom if ever wrong when they agreed thai a method was to be [let/allowed] , for very little of what men considered new science was in fact a matter of recent discovery .

‘ Khan , you argue that unless you are permitted to build the kind of ship you require , the embassy will fail — ’ He broke off , shaking his head as if he was at a loss to know how to deal with the notion .
‘ khan , you argue that unless you are [let/allowed] to build the kind of ship you require , the embassy will fail — ’ he broke off , shaking his head as if he was at a loss to know how to deal with the notion .

This situation was due to an imbalance in the law which permitted employers to reject union recognition and employ strikebreakers ( Taft and Ross , 1969:230 ) .
this situation was due to an imbalance in the law which [let/allowed] employers to reject union recognition and employ strikebreakers ( taft and ross , 1969:230 ) .

‘ The monks of Arghuri are permitted to eat the grapes , but not to ferment them . ’
‘ the monks of arghuri are [let/allowed] to eat the grapes , but not to ferment them . ’

When Miss Logan had permitted herself to become engaged for the voyage to Asiatic Turkey , she had under-estimated Miss Fergusson 's pertinacity .
when miss logan had [let/allowed] herself to become engaged for the voyage to asiatic turkey , she had under-estimated miss fergusson 's pertinacity .

God is permitted only as a verifiable divinity who gets extremely cross at man 's transgressions .
god is [let/allowed] only as a verifiable divinity who gets extremely cross at man 's transgressions .

Artificial additives such as colourings , sweeteners and flavour enhancers are n't permitted in baby foods .
artificial additives such as colourings , sweeteners and flavour enhancers are n't [let/allowed] in baby foods .

The payment will only be permitted if it can be seen that its purpose is to benefit the company .
the payment will only be [let/allowed] if it can be seen that its purpose is to benefit the company .

It was held that section 55 ( i ) of the Bankruptcy Act 1914 permitted the trustee to sell any part of the property of the bankrupt to any person , which included the bankrupt himself .
it was held that section 55 ( i ) of the bankruptcy act 1914 [let/allowed] the trustee to sell any part of the property of the bankrupt to any person , which included the bankrupt himself .

Nowadays , bacon is cured by injecting fresh pork with brine , or soaking it in bring which contains permitted nitrite and nitrate preservatives .
nowadays , bacon is cured by injecting fresh pork with brine , or soaking it in bring which contains [let/allowed] nitrite and nitrate preservatives .

There was nothing in the original Bill about academic freedom and universities were to be permitted to dismiss senior staff in order to replace them with younger and cheaper people .
there was nothing in the original bill about academic freedom and universities were to be [let/allowed] to dismiss senior staff in order to replace them with younger and cheaper people .

Photography is permitted with hand-held equipment for non-commercial purposes only .
photography is [let/allowed] with hand-held equipment for non-commercial purposes only .

Twenty-one suppliers did n't give the maximum permitted levels of contaminants like lead or aluminium in water for comparison with actual levels .
twenty-one suppliers did n't give the maximum [let/allowed] levels of contaminants like lead or aluminium in water for comparison with actual levels .

Seventeen suppliers did n't give any details to measure water quality against , no information on maximum permitted levels and no data about how many samples exceeded the maximum .
seventeen suppliers did n't give any details to measure water quality against , no information on maximum [let/allowed] levels and no data about how many samples exceeded the maximum .

Access and passage are not necessarily permitted and safe under all conditions .
access and passage are not necessarily [let/allowed] and safe under all conditions .

If your experience is overstated your marine insurance will be invalid and you will not be permitted to sail unless we can provide a staff member to complement your crew strength ; this will cost you £40 a day .
if your experience is overstated your marine insurance will be invalid and you will not be [let/allowed] to sail unless we can provide a staff member to complement your crew strength ; this will cost you £40 a day .

Surgery , an obvious form of consensual assault , is also , understandably , permitted .
surgery , an obvious form of consensual assault , is also , understandably , [let/allowed] .

Interestingly enough in this connection , the Turkish government has suddenly permitted the use of Kurdish language , thereby reversing its decades-long refusal to recognise the existence of its own 11m-strong Kurdish minority .
interestingly enough in this connection , the turkish government has suddenly [let/allowed] the use of kurdish language , thereby reversing its decades-long refusal to recognise the existence of its own 11m-strong kurdish minority .

Everyone who is anyone in Fort Worth throws a party for the competition , either for the jury or for the competitors — who are permitted to mix only as they are eliminated .
everyone who is anyone in fort worth throws a party for the competition , either for the jury or for the competitors — who are [let/allowed] to mix only as they are eliminated .

‘ People did enjoy themselves but they 're not permitted to say that , ’ says Michael Herr .
‘ people did enjoy themselves but they 're not [let/allowed] to say that , ’ says michael herr .

Walking is permitted almost anywhere in the mountains , apart from on private property and in areas where crops are growing .
walking is [let/allowed] almost anywhere in the mountains , apart from on private property and in areas where crops are growing .

He had known nothing of her plans , he did not know now what to expect , why this confining door should ever have been opened now , at this end of the day , after all permitted visits were over .
he had known nothing of her plans , he did not know now what to expect , why this confining door should ever have been opened now , at this end of the day , after all [let/allowed] visits were over .

Perhaps more importantly there was the sustained expansion of the building societies , a factor which permitted house purchase at attractive terms .
perhaps more importantly there was the sustained expansion of the building societies , a factor which [let/allowed] house purchase at attractive terms .

Under the 1919 Act local authorities were permitted to establish such bodies , and they could be either advisory or executive as the constituent authorities wished .
under the 1919 act local authorities were [let/allowed] to establish such bodies , and they could be either advisory or executive as the constituent authorities wished .

Local authorities were now permitted to buy land , simply and expeditiously for certain planning purposes , notably in areas of extensive war damage , and areas of bad layout and obsolete development .
local authorities were now [let/allowed] to buy land , simply and expeditiously for certain planning purposes , notably in areas of extensive war damage , and areas of bad layout and obsolete development .

The wealth and power of the Victorian cities and the civic pride expressed in their impressive town halls , first enabled them to pioneer public services ; later it permitted them to build up teams of technical staff and take on a range of tasks of increasing complexity and sensitivity .
the wealth and power of the victorian cities and the civic pride expressed in their impressive town halls , first enabled them to pioneer public services ; later it [let/allowed] them to build up teams of technical staff and take on a range of tasks of increasing complexity and sensitivity .

The Road Traffic Act , 1956 , permitted the installation of parking meters in spite of vigorous opposition from the roads lobby .
the road traffic act , 1956 , [let/allowed] the installation of parking meters in spite of vigorous opposition from the roads lobby .

This network permitted the concept of environmental areas , seen not as homogeneous precincts ( as in Tripp 's model of 20 years earlier ) but as ‘ rooms ’ , of mixed use if necessary , in a town where it was important to maintain the quality of environment .
this network [let/allowed] the concept of environmental areas , seen not as homogeneous precincts ( as in tripp 's model of 20 years earlier ) but as ‘ rooms ’ , of mixed use if necessary , in a town where it was important to maintain the quality of environment .

Colonial administrators began to restrict the natives ' access to species that could be killed for food by establishing reserves where hunting was only permitted under licence .
colonial administrators began to restrict the natives ' access to species that could be killed for food by establishing reserves where hunting was only [let/allowed] under licence .

Such thoughts made him feel uneasy , working for the Seven , for it was they , his masters , who permitted the existence of this place .
such thoughts made him feel uneasy , working for the seven , for it was they , his masters , who [let/allowed] the existence of this place .

Aliki had returned from Cyprus in time to cater for the event , but nobody displayed much appetite for the food she had prepared and most departed as soon as decency permitted .
aliki had returned from cyprus in time to cater for the event , but nobody displayed much appetite for the food she had prepared and most departed as soon as decency [let/allowed] .

But patients say that in the course of treatment , they are never permitted to express tearfulness or despair .
but patients say that in the course of treatment , they are never [let/allowed] to express tearfulness or despair .

The only kind of conversation about women permitted is crude and obscene but in a strange way this is a bridge between the prisoners and the staff who share these attitudes .
the only kind of conversation about women [let/allowed] is crude and obscene but in a strange way this is a bridge between the prisoners and the staff who share these attitudes .

When the interview ended , and Jean-Claude Meursault had risen , shaken her hand gravely , and then quickly joined the group around the camera at the end of the track to Miranda 's right , she began sketching in her small pad and taking the occasional photograph when the noise levels permitted . The scene began again : the drone of the invective started up as one actor read :
when the interview ended , and jean-claude meursault had risen , shaken her hand gravely , and then quickly joined the group around the camera at the end of the track to miranda 's right , she began sketching in her small pad and taking the occasional photograph when the noise levels [let/allowed] . the scene began again : the drone of the invective started up as one actor read :

The system is controlled from a remote keyboard situated outside the racking structure and personnel other than maintenance are not permitted within the racking area .
the system is controlled from a remote keyboard situated outside the racking structure and personnel other than maintenance are not [let/allowed] within the racking area .

This presupposes a form of compartmentation , which does not adversely affect the normal use of the store as a large individual space in which free movement of goods is permitted , yet which can be called into action in the appropriate area as soon as the alarm is given .
this presupposes a form of compartmentation , which does not adversely affect the normal use of the store as a large individual space in which free movement of goods is [let/allowed] , yet which can be called into action in the appropriate area as soon as the alarm is given .

But does this observation not give us an insight into a deeper foundation on which the individual disciplinary culture is based , a foundation which is common to all disciplinary formations permitted entry into the academic community ?
but does this observation not give us an insight into a deeper foundation on which the individual disciplinary culture is based , a foundation which is common to all disciplinary formations [let/allowed] entry into the academic community ?

Separate canteens for managers and workers can not be permitted and managers should really dress in the same way as workers , in standard-type overalls .
separate canteens for managers and workers can not be [let/allowed] and managers should really dress in the same way as workers , in standard-type overalls .

Could it have been to make up for Cymbeline 's cheating that the Umpire permitted me to find the sacristy so easily ?
could it have been to make up for cymbeline 's cheating that the umpire [let/allowed] me to find the sacristy so easily ?

Earlier , in 1278 , when Roger permitted the appropriation by Stafford priory of the church of Stowe by Chartley , he made no stipulation about the creation of a vicarage , but he did obtain a ten-mark annual pension for the dean and chapter of Lichfield 's common fund .
earlier , in 1278 , when roger [let/allowed] the appropriation by stafford priory of the church of stowe by chartley , he made no stipulation about the creation of a vicarage , but he did obtain a ten-mark annual pension for the dean and chapter of lichfield 's common fund .

This traffic also permitted the firm to act as a channel of communications between the two governments in wartime .
this traffic also [let/allowed] the firm to act as a channel of communications between the two governments in wartime .

praised her water-colours and wished to settle money on her in exchange for any work her health permitted .
praised her water-colours and wished to settle money on her in exchange for any work her health [let/allowed] .

He demonstrated that supplementation of media with an ‘ essential substance ’ extracted from dead tubercle bacilli permitted growth of Johne 's bacillus and possibly leprosy bacillus .
he demonstrated that supplementation of media with an ‘ essential substance ’ extracted from dead tubercle bacilli [let/allowed] growth of johne 's bacillus and possibly leprosy bacillus .

She never saw her father again , but after Georg Wilhelm 's death a certain relaxation took place , her mother being permitted long visits to her court at Ahlden .
she never saw her father again , but after georg wilhelm 's death a certain relaxation took place , her mother being [let/allowed] long visits to her court at ahlden .

The neighbouring firm , Birmingham Screw , was acquired ; this permitted further extension at Smethwick .
the neighbouring firm , birmingham screw , was acquired ; this [let/allowed] further extension at smethwick .

When there has been a contravention of subsection ( 1 ) of section 89 or of any of subsections ( 1 ) to ( 6 ) of section 90 or of a provision to which subsection ( 3 ) of section 89 applies , the company and every officer of it who knowingly authorised or permitted the contravention are jointly and severally liable to compensate any person , to whom an offer should have been made under the subsection or provision , for any loss , damage costs or expenses .
when there has been a contravention of subsection ( 1 ) of section 89 or of any of subsections ( 1 ) to ( 6 ) of section 90 or of a provision to which subsection ( 3 ) of section 89 applies , the company and every officer of it who knowingly authorised or [let/allowed] the contravention are jointly and severally liable to compensate any person , to whom an offer should have been made under the subsection or provision , for any loss , damage costs or expenses .

As we have seen , a public company is no longer permitted to have a charge or lien on its shares except ( a ) when the shares are not fully paid and the charge or lien is for the amount payable on the shares , or ( b ) the ordinary business of the company includes the lending of money or consists of the provision of hire-purchase finance and the charge arises in the course of a transaction in the ordinary course of its business .
as we have seen , a public company is no longer [let/allowed] to have a charge or lien on its shares except ( a ) when the shares are not fully paid and the charge or lien is for the amount payable on the shares , or ( b ) the ordinary business of the company includes the lending of money or consists of the provision of hire-purchase finance and the charge arises in the course of a transaction in the ordinary course of its business .

The ideas were always Durance 's , he always initiated the paintings and when his hands permitted he carried out the work , but as he had become increasingly crippled the execution had been left more and more to his protégée .
the ideas were always durance 's , he always initiated the paintings and when his hands [let/allowed] he carried out the work , but as he had become increasingly crippled the execution had been left more and more to his protégée .

‘ Barbara must not be permitted to tell these stories . ’
‘ barbara must not be [let/allowed] to tell these stories . ’

If the pre-existing law is permitted to prevail , it will serve to emphasise how little like a code the Act really is .
if the pre-existing law is [let/allowed] to prevail , it will serve to emphasise how little like a code the act really is .

Why this denial of individual autonomy should be permitted , when it is not in the case of a person who uses the offending words under section 22 ( cable broadcasting services ) is unclear .
why this denial of individual autonomy should be [let/allowed] , when it is not in the case of a person who uses the offending words under section 22 ( cable broadcasting services ) is unclear .

The question is whether he is in addition permitted to say that , although he was aware that he was causing difficulties , he was doing so from the best of intentions .
the question is whether he is in addition [let/allowed] to say that , although he was aware that he was causing difficulties , he was doing so from the best of intentions .

The police should not , the argument continued , be permitted to exercise discretionary power because it would amount to an unconstitutional delegation of authority and would , in any case , increase the possibilities of discrimination and corruption .
the police should not , the argument continued , be [let/allowed] to exercise discretionary power because it would amount to an unconstitutional delegation of authority and would , in any case , increase the possibilities of discrimination and corruption .

Not only is your freedom to defend against attack greatly restricted , but if you step out of the permitted fighting area you will be penalised .
not only is your freedom to defend against attack greatly restricted , but if you step out of the [let/allowed] fighting area you will be penalised .

Because taekwondo is a combat sport , in which full-power attacks are allowed to the face and body , tournament contestants have to be of black-belt standard , but even so , many of the more dangerous techniques of the art are not permitted .
because taekwondo is a combat sport , in which full-power attacks are allowed to the face and body , tournament contestants have to be of black-belt standard , but even so , many of the more dangerous techniques of the art are not [let/allowed] .

The ambiguity in Soviet interpretations of the 1931 treaty partly derived from Article 6 which permitted both parties full freedom of action to establish any relations and alliances with third parties provided that such links do not contradict the other provisions of the treaty .
the ambiguity in soviet interpretations of the 1931 treaty partly derived from article 6 which [let/allowed] both parties full freedom of action to establish any relations and alliances with third parties provided that such links do not contradict the other provisions of the treaty .

Even non-aligned Yugoslavia enacted new legal regulations in 1974 which permitted within limits the provision of support services to any ‘ non-aggressor ’ navy .
even non-aligned yugoslavia enacted new legal regulations in 1974 which [let/allowed] within limits the provision of support services to any ‘ non-aggressor ’ navy .

New possibilities permitted by modular structure are a second .
new possibilities [let/allowed] by modular structure are a second .

As confidence grew , partly as a result of the student impression studies , so techniques were employed which permitted cross-institutional comparison , which enabled graduate employer samples to participate in evaluation , and which allowed the appraisal of course realities such as grading patterns and resources to be set alongside the studies of course perceptions .
as confidence grew , partly as a result of the student impression studies , so techniques were employed which [let/allowed] cross-institutional comparison , which enabled graduate employer samples to participate in evaluation , and which allowed the appraisal of course realities such as grading patterns and resources to be set alongside the studies of course perceptions .

The bishop and the blacksmith may travel third class together , and chat by the way ; but they will not be permitted to take luncheon side by side in the first-class refreshment room , if the blacksmith , like the bishop , wears the apron of his calling .
the bishop and the blacksmith may travel third class together , and chat by the way ; but they will not be [let/allowed] to take luncheon side by side in the first-class refreshment room , if the blacksmith , like the bishop , wears the apron of his calling .

The result of all this was that , although at the end of the century a third of the population still lived below the poverty line and the diet of the poorest included items such as white bread , condensed milk , and vegetable oil margarine , the earnings of a Lancashire cotton operative in 1913 permitted him ‘ a breakfast of coffee or tea , bread , bacon and eggs — when eggs are cheap — a dinner of potatoes and beef , an evening meal of tea , bread and butter , cheap vegetables or fish , and a slight supper at moderate price ’ .
the result of all this was that , although at the end of the century a third of the population still lived below the poverty line and the diet of the poorest included items such as white bread , condensed milk , and vegetable oil margarine , the earnings of a lancashire cotton operative in 1913 [let/allowed] him ‘ a breakfast of coffee or tea , bread , bacon and eggs — when eggs are cheap — a dinner of potatoes and beef , an evening meal of tea , bread and butter , cheap vegetables or fish , and a slight supper at moderate price ’ .

First , more people are now permitted to undertake domestic conveyancing , which may mean that fewer people will see solicitors and this may cause solicitors to encourage greater use of their other services .
first , more people are now [let/allowed] to undertake domestic conveyancing , which may mean that fewer people will see solicitors and this may cause solicitors to encourage greater use of their other services .

Secondly , solicitors are now permitted to advertise their services .
secondly , solicitors are now [let/allowed] to advertise their services .

The Statutory Advice Scheme ( the ‘ pink form ’ scheme ) was means-tested with the top limit for eligibility set very low , involved an initial payment of half-a-crown by the client and permitted the solicitor to claim £1 per half-hour from the Law Society up to a maximum of £3 .
the statutory advice scheme ( the ‘ pink form ’ scheme ) was means-tested with the top limit for eligibility set very low , involved an initial payment of half-a-crown by the client and [let/allowed] the solicitor to claim £1 per half-hour from the law society up to a maximum of £3 .

Another limitation placed upon the scheme is the amount of advice which a solicitor is permitted to give without reference to the Area Director .
another limitation placed upon the scheme is the amount of advice which a solicitor is [let/allowed] to give without reference to the area director .

Since the advice scheme now permitted access to a solicitor on any question of English law and the advertising campaign which launched it stressed the ‘ social welfare ’ problems now within the scheme , it was disappointing that the first evidence of usage showed little deviation from the traditional pattern .
since the advice scheme now [let/allowed] access to a solicitor on any question of english law and the advertising campaign which launched it stressed the ‘ social welfare ’ problems now within the scheme , it was disappointing that the first evidence of usage showed little deviation from the traditional pattern .

The defendant in a fixed date action is permitted to submit a defence at any point before the return day , but if it is outside the 14 day period he or she may have to meet any costs incurred as a result of the delay .
the defendant in a fixed date action is [let/allowed] to submit a defence at any point before the return day , but if it is outside the 14 day period he or she may have to meet any costs incurred as a result of the delay .

It will be possible to apply , at an early stage , for a special timetable , although applications to the court for detailed variations of the standard timetable will be permitted .
it will be possible to apply , at an early stage , for a special timetable , although applications to the court for detailed variations of the standard timetable will be [let/allowed] .

He did not put on his sword , for no weapons were permitted at such occasions , though Ratagan had told him a gory tale of a banquet where a certain disagreement had been settled with eating knives , which the victors had subsequently continued eating with .
he did not put on his sword , for no weapons were [let/allowed] at such occasions , though ratagan had told him a gory tale of a banquet where a certain disagreement had been settled with eating knives , which the victors had subsequently continued eating with .

It also stated that any mental health worker can be a key worker , and permitted reviews in informal settings or by telephone , provided that these are documented .
it also stated that any mental health worker can be a key worker , and [let/allowed] reviews in informal settings or by telephone , provided that these are documented .

In Pepper v. Hart , Lord Browne-Wilkinson stated that ‘ … reference to parliamentary material should be permitted as an aid to construction of legislation which is ambiguous or obscure or the literal meaning of which leads to an absurdity ’ and subsequently carefully established the ambiguity in the statutory provision in issue before relying on parliamentary material as an aid to its construction .
in pepper v. hart , lord browne-wilkinson stated that ‘ … reference to parliamentary material should be [let/allowed] as an aid to construction of legislation which is ambiguous or obscure or the literal meaning of which leads to an absurdity ’ and subsequently carefully established the ambiguity in the statutory provision in issue before relying on parliamentary material as an aid to its construction .

If the Syrians had not permitted Hezbollah to have a presence in the southern suburbs of Beirut , there would have been no Iranian presence there .
if the syrians had not [let/allowed] hezbollah to have a presence in the southern suburbs of beirut , there would have been no iranian presence there .

They could not escape Wainfleet nor his conversation , especially as their arrival at the bar permitted Riley to flee from him .
they could not escape wainfleet nor his conversation , especially as their arrival at the bar [let/allowed] riley to flee from him .

‘ To win this silent consent is to make use of all the violence permitted in love .
‘ to win this silent consent is to make use of all the violence [let/allowed] in love .

First , the defendant might argue that he believed in the victim 's consent since she permitted penetration although he knew full well that she had no understanding of the act .
first , the defendant might argue that he believed in the victim 's consent since she [let/allowed] penetration although he knew full well that she had no understanding of the act .

The same must be true of a situation in which the defendant pleads honest belief in consent on the ground that the victim permitted penetration although the defendant was aware that she might not understand the nature of the act .
the same must be true of a situation in which the defendant pleads honest belief in consent on the ground that the victim [let/allowed] penetration although the defendant was aware that she might not understand the nature of the act .

Huge boulders littered their garden and gorse and heather encroached wherever they were permitted to survive .
huge boulders littered their garden and gorse and heather encroached wherever they were [let/allowed] to survive .

Public right of passage by bicycle is permitted on cycle tracks ( usually specially designated and signposted ) , and generally on road carriageways ( except where subject to motorway , special road or specific traffic regulation orders prohibiting bicycle use ) .
public right of passage by bicycle is [let/allowed] on cycle tracks ( usually specially designated and signposted ) , and generally on road carriageways ( except where subject to motorway , special road or specific traffic regulation orders prohibiting bicycle use ) .

Diversion of the railway permitted the construction of two bridges , one with a steel deck , the other concrete , to allow the railway to pass over the bypass and the new Baberton/Westburn link road .
diversion of the railway [let/allowed] the construction of two bridges , one with a steel deck , the other concrete , to allow the railway to pass over the bypass and the new baberton/westburn link road .

This has permitted a general lowering of road levels proposed for the East Approach to Leith at this location .
this has [let/allowed] a general lowering of road levels proposed for the east approach to leith at this location .

Such responses can also be reinforced by a lack of clarity around the options and the permitted physical responses open to the victim .
such responses can also be reinforced by a lack of clarity around the options and the [let/allowed] physical responses open to the victim .

3.3 Whilst the assessment of risk and the permitted limits of response in a given situation remain a matter for individual judgement some simple advice consistent with the relevant legal and policy guidelines and training principles may be useful .
3.3 whilst the assessment of risk and the [let/allowed] limits of response in a given situation remain a matter for individual judgement some simple advice consistent with the relevant legal and policy guidelines and training principles may be useful .

The company has not presented its own profit and loss account as permitted by section 230 of the Companies Act 1985 .
the company has not presented its own profit and loss account as [let/allowed] by section 230 of the companies act 1985 .

That the Board be authorised to exercise the power contained in Article 134 of the Articles of Association so that , to the extent and manner determined by the Board , the holders of ordinary shares in the capital of the Company be permitted to elect to receive ordinary shares , credited as fully paid , instead of cash in respect of all or part of any interim or the final dividend relating to the year ending on 31 December 1993 , such authority to expire at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 1994 .
that the board be authorised to exercise the power contained in article 134 of the articles of association so that , to the extent and manner determined by the board , the holders of ordinary shares in the capital of the company be [let/allowed] to elect to receive ordinary shares , credited as fully paid , instead of cash in respect of all or part of any interim or the final dividend relating to the year ending on 31 december 1993 , such authority to expire at the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the company to be held in 1994 .

We joined embattled coalfield communities in South Wales , who have suffered decades of dirt , noise and heavy traffic , in a call for a complete overhaul of Minerals Planning Guidance Note 3 which currently tells planning authorities that opencast mining should be permitted in the national interest .
we joined embattled coalfield communities in south wales , who have suffered decades of dirt , noise and heavy traffic , in a call for a complete overhaul of minerals planning guidance note 3 which currently tells planning authorities that opencast mining should be [let/allowed] in the national interest .

Again , coastal processes should be well understood before such operations are permitted .
again , coastal processes should be well understood before such operations are [let/allowed] .

Environmentalists criticized what they claim are insufficient fines levied on polluters , most of which fell far short of the maximum permitted £20,000 .
environmentalists criticized what they claim are insufficient fines levied on polluters , most of which fell far short of the maximum [let/allowed] £20,000 .

The most stringent regulations are those recently introduced in California , where , by the year 2003 , cars must emit 85 per cent less hydrocarbons , 50 per cent less carbon monoxide and 75 per cent less nitrogen oxide than currently permitted .
the most stringent regulations are those recently introduced in california , where , by the year 2003 , cars must emit 85 per cent less hydrocarbons , 50 per cent less carbon monoxide and 75 per cent less nitrogen oxide than currently [let/allowed] .

Under the traffic restrictions , only taxis , buses , foreign cars and those carrying at least four people were permitted to travel in the central part of the city .
under the traffic restrictions , only taxis , buses , foreign cars and those carrying at least four people were [let/allowed] to travel in the central part of the city .

The report found that groundwater next to one of the two waste dumps at the centre contained chemical levels more than 220 times above those permitted by European Community .
the report found that groundwater next to one of the two waste dumps at the centre contained chemical levels more than 220 times above those [let/allowed] by european community .

These include statutory backing for a register of authorities and individuals considered competent to release genetically altered organisms and a committee to advise on whether individual such releases should be permitted .
these include statutory backing for a register of authorities and individuals considered competent to release genetically altered organisms and a committee to advise on whether individual such releases should be [let/allowed] .

Europe 's current approach to cleaning up acid emissions by cutting permitted levels equally in all countries has been criticised by David Newbery , Professor of Applied Economics at Cambridge University .
europe 's current approach to cleaning up acid emissions by cutting [let/allowed] levels equally in all countries has been criticised by david newbery , professor of applied economics at cambridge university .

Under the provision of the Water Act , the company is permitted to discharge limited amounts of effluent into the Irish Sea .
under the provision of the water act , the company is [let/allowed] to discharge limited amounts of effluent into the irish sea .

Under the scheme , forest management and surveillance will be maintained and local people will be permitted to continue to exploit the forest in ways that are supportive of existing ecosystems .
under the scheme , forest management and surveillance will be maintained and local people will be [let/allowed] to continue to exploit the forest in ways that are supportive of existing ecosystems .

Where any buy-in or redemption is permitted during an offer period , there is an obligation to disclose it as a dealing under Rule 8 .
where any buy-in or redemption is [let/allowed] during an offer period , there is an obligation to disclose it as a dealing under rule 8 .

If such an allotment would be prohibited by foreign law , or would only be permitted subject to compliance with onerous filing or other obligations , the scheme can be modified in relation to the overseas shareholders in question by providing for the consideration securities to be allotted to an independent trustee who will then sell the securities and account to the shareholders with the net proceeds .
if such an allotment would be prohibited by foreign law , or would only be [let/allowed] subject to compliance with onerous filing or other obligations , the scheme can be modified in relation to the overseas shareholders in question by providing for the consideration securities to be allotted to an independent trustee who will then sell the securities and account to the shareholders with the net proceeds .

In the case of a contested offer , suspension is impracticable and disclosure is permitted to a restricted number of sub-underwriters immediately before the announcement , provided they are warned of the confidential nature of the information .
in the case of a contested offer , suspension is impracticable and disclosure is [let/allowed] to a restricted number of sub-underwriters immediately before the announcement , provided they are warned of the confidential nature of the information .

In the case of a contested offer , suspension is impracticable and disclosure to a restricted number of sub-underwriters immediately before the announcement is permitted provided they are warned of the confidential nature of the information .
in the case of a contested offer , suspension is impracticable and disclosure to a restricted number of sub-underwriters immediately before the announcement is [let/allowed] provided they are warned of the confidential nature of the information .

( 3 ) If no time limit is stated , a person will be permitted to change his intention only if the Panel is satisfied that the original announcement was made with due care after proper consideration of all relevant circumstances , and has not misled shareholders or the market .
( 3 ) if no time limit is stated , a person will be [let/allowed] to change his intention only if the panel is satisfied that the original announcement was made with due care after proper consideration of all relevant circumstances , and has not misled shareholders or the market .

2.4.2 as may be [ reasonably ] required by the Architect provided that no modification shall be made pursuant to this clause 2.4.2 which would substantially alter the design layout nature capacity or standard of construction of the Premises as provided for in the Building Documents or substantially prejudice the use of the Premises for the purpose specified in the Lease It may be preferable to substitute the word `` materially `` for the word `` substantially `` in clause 2.4.2 as the latter suggests that some alteration less than substantial may be permitted but which could result in not inconsequential prejudice occurring to the design or use of the premises .
2.4.2 as may be [ reasonably ] required by the architect provided that no modification shall be made pursuant to this clause 2.4.2 which would substantially alter the design layout nature capacity or standard of construction of the premises as provided for in the building documents or substantially prejudice the use of the premises for the purpose specified in the lease it may be preferable to substitute the word `` materially `` for the word `` substantially `` in clause 2.4.2 as the latter suggests that some alteration less than substantial may be [let/allowed] but which could result in not inconsequential prejudice occurring to the design or use of the premises .

3.5 With effect from carrying out the Tenant 's Works in accordance with clause 3.7 and thereafter to commence business at the Premises for the purpose permitted by the Lease
3.5 with effect from carrying out the tenant 's works in accordance with clause 3.7 and thereafter to commence business at the premises for the purpose [let/allowed] by the lease

10.2 No representation is made or warranty given by the Landlord as to whether any Restrictions exist or as to the permitted use of the Site or the Premises for planning purposes
10.2 no representation is made or warranty given by the landlord as to whether any restrictions exist or as to the [let/allowed] use of the site or the premises for planning purposes

The permitted user will of course depend upon the use for which the tenant wishes to use the premises and will also be a matter of negotiation .
the [let/allowed] user will of course depend upon the use for which the tenant wishes to use the premises and will also be a matter of negotiation .

5.9.1 Not to hold on trust for another or ( save pursuant to a transaction permitted by and effected in accordance with the provisions of this Lease ) part with the possession of the whole or any part of the Premises or permit another to occupy the whole or any part of the Premises
5.9.1 not to hold on trust for another or ( save pursuant to a transaction [let/allowed] by and effected in accordance with the provisions of this lease ) part with the possession of the whole or any part of the premises or permit another to occupy the whole or any part of the premises

5.9.4 Prior to any permitted assignment to procure that the assignee enters into direct covenants with the Landlord to perform and observe all the Tenant 's covenants and all other provisions during the residue of the Term
5.9.4 prior to any [let/allowed] assignment to procure that the assignee enters into direct covenants with the landlord to perform and observe all the tenant 's covenants and all other provisions during the residue of the term

5.9.5 On a permitted assignment to a limited company and if the Landlord shall [ reasonably ] so require to procure that at least [ 2 ] directors of the company or some other guarantor or guarantors [ reasonably ] acceptable to the Landlord enter into direct covenants with the Landlord in the form of the Guarantor 's covenant contained in this Lease with " the Assignee " substituted for " the Tenant " [ 5.9.6 That each and every permitted underlease shall be granted without any fine or premium at a rent not less than the then open market rental value of the Premises [ to be approved by the Landlord prior to any such underlease ] [ and to be determined by the Surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator ] or the Rent then being paid ( whichever shall be the greater ) such rent being payable in advance on the days on which Rent is payable under this Lease and shall contain provisions approved by the Landlord :
5.9.5 on a [let/allowed] assignment to a limited company and if the landlord shall [ reasonably ] so require to procure that at least [ 2 ] directors of the company or some other guarantor or guarantors [ reasonably ] acceptable to the landlord enter into direct covenants with the landlord in the form of the guarantor 's covenant contained in this lease with " the assignee " substituted for " the tenant " [ 5.9.6 that each and every [let/allowed] underlease shall be granted without any fine or premium at a rent not less than the then open market rental value of the premises [ to be approved by the landlord prior to any such underlease ] [ and to be determined by the surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator ] or the rent then being paid ( whichever shall be the greater ) such rent being payable in advance on the days on which rent is payable under this lease and shall contain provisions approved by the landlord :

5.9.6.7 imposing in relation to any permitted assignment [ underletting ] [ or charge ] the same obligations for registration with the Landlord as are contained in this Lease in relation to dispositions by the Tenant and
5.9.6.7 imposing in relation to any [let/allowed] assignment [ underletting ] [ or charge ] the same obligations for registration with the landlord as are contained in this lease in relation to dispositions by the tenant and

5.9.6.8 imposing in relation to any permitted underletting the same obligations as contained in clause 5.9.6 and in clause[s] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.7 Prior to any permitted underletting to procure that the undertenant enters into direct covenants with the Landlord to the like effect as those contained in clauses 5.9.6 [ and ] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.8 To enforce the performance and observance by every such undertenant of the provisions of the underlease and not at any time either expressly or by implication to waive any breach of the covenants or conditions on the part of any undertenant or assignee of any underlease nor ( without the consent of the Landlord such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) vary the terms or accept a surrender of any permitted underlease ] [ 5.9.9 In relation to any permitted underlease :
5.9.6.8 imposing in relation to any [let/allowed] underletting the same obligations as contained in clause 5.9.6 and in clause[s] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.7 prior to any [let/allowed] underletting to procure that the undertenant enters into direct covenants with the landlord to the like effect as those contained in clauses 5.9.6 [ and ] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.8 to enforce the performance and observance by every such undertenant of the provisions of the underlease and not at any time either expressly or by implication to waive any breach of the covenants or conditions on the part of any undertenant or assignee of any underlease nor ( without the consent of the landlord such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) vary the terms or accept a surrender of any [let/allowed] underlease ] [ 5.9.9 in relation to any [let/allowed] underlease :

Some alienation provisions contain surrender-back clauses which should be strongly resisted by the tenant , as they lead to uncertainty as to whether the tenant will be permitted to assign the lease to the person of its choosing , and unless carefully worded could result in the tenant obtaining less from the landlord on surrender than it would have done from the assignee .
some alienation provisions contain surrender-back clauses which should be strongly resisted by the tenant , as they lead to uncertainty as to whether the tenant will be [let/allowed] to assign the lease to the person of its choosing , and unless carefully worded could result in the tenant obtaining less from the landlord on surrender than it would have done from the assignee .

5.9.5 On a permitted assignment to a private limited company and if the Landlord shall reasonably so require to procure that a guarantor or guarantors reasonably acceptable to the Landlord enter into direct covenants with the Landlord in the form of the Guarantor 's covenant contained in this Lease with `` the Assignee `` substituted for `` the Tenant `` There are various matters to be considered in connection with a permitted underlease ( not the least of which being as to whether the tenant should be allowed to underlet part or parts of the premises as well as to whole ) , eg : ( 1 ) In respect of any permitted underlease it is better to remove reference to the landlord 's approval of the rent reserved by it , and if possible ( particularly in a falling market ) to remove reference to the rent being no less than the passing rent under the lease , although the landlord will normally object to this on the basis that a low underlease rent could be used as a comparable on any subsequent rent review under the lease .
5.9.5 on a [let/allowed] assignment to a private limited company and if the landlord shall reasonably so require to procure that a guarantor or guarantors reasonably acceptable to the landlord enter into direct covenants with the landlord in the form of the guarantor 's covenant contained in this lease with `` the assignee `` substituted for `` the tenant `` there are various matters to be considered in connection with a [let/allowed] underlease ( not the least of which being as to whether the tenant should be allowed to underlet part or parts of the premises as well as to whole ) , eg : ( 1 ) in respect of any [let/allowed] underlease it is better to remove reference to the landlord 's approval of the rent reserved by it , and if possible ( particularly in a falling market ) to remove reference to the rent being no less than the passing rent under the lease , although the landlord will normally object to this on the basis that a low underlease rent could be used as a comparable on any subsequent rent review under the lease .

Clauses 5.9.6 to 5.9.11 could be amended as follows : [ 5.9.6 That each and every permitted underlease shall be granted without any fine or premium at a rent not less than the then open market rental value of [ the Premises ] [ that part of the Premises to be underlet ] such rent being payable in advance on the days on which Rent is payable under this Lease and shall contain provisions :
clauses 5.9.6 to 5.9.11 could be amended as follows : [ 5.9.6 that each and every [let/allowed] underlease shall be granted without any fine or premium at a rent not less than the then open market rental value of [ the premises ] [ that part of the premises to be underlet ] such rent being payable in advance on the days on which rent is payable under this lease and shall contain provisions :

5.9.6.6 prohibiting the undertenant from permitting another to occupy the whole or any part of the Premises ( otherwise than as permitted in this clause 5.9 )
5.9.6.6 prohibiting the undertenant from permitting another to occupy the whole or any part of the premises ( otherwise than as [let/allowed] in this clause 5.9 )

5.9.6.7 imposing in relation to any permitted assignment [ or underletting ] the same obligations for registration with the Landlord as are contained in this Lease in relation to dispositions by the Tenant and
5.9.6.7 imposing in relation to any [let/allowed] assignment [ or underletting ] the same obligations for registration with the landlord as are contained in this lease in relation to dispositions by the tenant and

5.9.6.8 imposing in relation to any permitted underletting the same obligations in clause 5.9.6 and in clause[s] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.7 Prior to any permitted underletting to procure that the undertenant enters into direct covenants with the Landlord to the like effect as those contained in clauses 5.9.6 [ and ] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.8 To enforce the performance and observance by every such undertenant of the provisions of the underlease and not at any time either expressly or by implication to waive any breach of the covenants or conditions on the part of any undertenant or assignee of any underlease nor ( without the consent of the Landlord such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) vary the terms of any permitted underlease ] [ 5.9.9 In relation to any permitted underlease to ensure that the rent is reviewed in accordance with the terms of the underlease ]
5.9.6.8 imposing in relation to any [let/allowed] underletting the same obligations in clause 5.9.6 and in clause[s] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.7 prior to any [let/allowed] underletting to procure that the undertenant enters into direct covenants with the landlord to the like effect as those contained in clauses 5.9.6 [ and ] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.8 to enforce the performance and observance by every such undertenant of the provisions of the underlease and not at any time either expressly or by implication to waive any breach of the covenants or conditions on the part of any undertenant or assignee of any underlease nor ( without the consent of the landlord such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) vary the terms of any [let/allowed] underlease ] [ 5.9.9 in relation to any [let/allowed] underlease to ensure that the rent is reviewed in accordance with the terms of the underlease ]

If the Act does apply , the landlord must establish one of the grounds permitted by the Act if the tenant opposes the notice on the basis that it fully intends to resume occupation of the premises when they are reinstated .
if the act does apply , the landlord must establish one of the grounds [let/allowed] by the act if the tenant opposes the notice on the basis that it fully intends to resume occupation of the premises when they are reinstated .

This should ideally be dealt with under the insurance provisions , but should it appear in the provisos , the tenant should ensure that it is a bilateral right and that in any event the landlord shall not be permitted to terminate the lease until it has taken all reasonable measures to procure the rebuilding or reinstatement of the centre or the part so destroyed or damaged ( as appropriate ) .
this should ideally be dealt with under the insurance provisions , but should it appear in the provisos , the tenant should ensure that it is a bilateral right and that in any event the landlord shall not be [let/allowed] to terminate the lease until it has taken all reasonable measures to procure the rebuilding or reinstatement of the centre or the part so destroyed or damaged ( as appropriate ) .

Solicitors may produce their own contract on word processors and are permitted to reproduce the standard contract incorporating the standard conditions of sale by reference .
solicitors may produce their own contract on word processors and are [let/allowed] to reproduce the standard contract incorporating the standard conditions of sale by reference .

As Lord Denning said in Fraser v Evans : No person is permitted to divulge to the world information which he has received in confidence , unless he has just cause or excuse for doing so .
as lord denning said in fraser v evans : no person is [let/allowed] to divulge to the world information which he has received in confidence , unless he has just cause or excuse for doing so .

Where an exclusion or limitation clause is permitted , the question then arises as to its effect as a matter of law .
where an exclusion or limitation clause is [let/allowed] , the question then arises as to its effect as a matter of law .

After being detained for over an hour and interrogated by the police captain , he is finally permitted to leave ( scene six ) .
after being detained for over an hour and interrogated by the police captain , he is finally [let/allowed] to leave ( scene six ) .

Follow up calls are not permitted if the investor has recently made it clear to the firm that he does not wish to discuss the matter .
follow up calls are not [let/allowed] if the investor has recently made it clear to the firm that he does not wish to discuss the matter .

If these methods work , they may be used to modify fiduciary duties to avoid any conflicts with what is permitted or required by regulatory rules .
if these methods work , they may be used to modify fiduciary duties to avoid any conflicts with what is [let/allowed] or required by regulatory rules .

Second , a court might interpret the rule restrictively so that it only permitted the replication of common law rights and duties or only operated in the regulatory sphere .
second , a court might interpret the rule restrictively so that it only [let/allowed] the replication of common law rights and duties or only operated in the regulatory sphere .

Multi-agency case conferences should be convened and parents should be invited to attend and permitted to participate in the decision-making process .
multi-agency case conferences should be convened and parents should be invited to attend and [let/allowed] to participate in the decision-making process .

But the permitted alternatives that do arise must be : There are a series of methodological and philosophical problems in this framework of assumptions .
but the [let/allowed] alternatives that do arise must be : there are a series of methodological and philosophical problems in this framework of assumptions .

If the complaint is upheld , the British Government is required by the Convention to change the law which permitted the original infringement .
if the complaint is upheld , the british government is required by the convention to change the law which [let/allowed] the original infringement .

Britain may still be a country where `` everything is permitted which is not specifically prohibited `` , but the specific prohibitions have become more numerous , without having to justify themselves against the overriding principle of public interest suggested by the Royal Commission on the Press .
britain may still be a country where `` everything is [let/allowed] which is not specifically prohibited `` , but the specific prohibitions have become more numerous , without having to justify themselves against the overriding principle of public interest suggested by the royal commission on the press .

While there can be no objection in principle to allowing foreigners access to the English courts , it is doubtful whether they should be permitted to recover damages for defamatory words which may freely circulate in the country where the plaintiff 's reputation would be most affected .
while there can be no objection in principle to allowing foreigners access to the english courts , it is doubtful whether they should be [let/allowed] to recover damages for defamatory words which may freely circulate in the country where the plaintiff 's reputation would be most affected .

The following year a London magistrate , struck by the notion that there should not be one law for the rich unavailable to the poor , permitted a man named Gleaves to bring proceedings against the authors and publishers of a book entitled `` Johnny Go Home `` , based on a Yorkshire television documentary which had exposed his insalubrious hospitality to feckless youths .
the following year a london magistrate , struck by the notion that there should not be one law for the rich unavailable to the poor , [let/allowed] a man named gleaves to bring proceedings against the authors and publishers of a book entitled `` johnny go home `` , based on a yorkshire television documentary which had exposed his insalubrious hospitality to feckless youths .

The victim , of course , is permitted to seek rehabilitation through damages in a civil action at the same time as the libeller faces retribution in the criminal courts .
the victim , of course , is [let/allowed] to seek rehabilitation through damages in a civil action at the same time as the libeller faces retribution in the criminal courts .

Accents are not permitted , so that , if an organism is named after a person , amendment may be necessary ; the name of Muller , for example , has been altered in the genus Muellerius .
accents are not [let/allowed] , so that , if an organism is named after a person , amendment may be necessary ; the name of muller , for example , has been altered in the genus muellerius .

This command will delete only one file at a time ; wild-cards are not permitted in the file specifier .
this command will delete only one file at a time ; wild-cards are not [let/allowed] in the file specifier .

It might be understood in advance that the proportion of women who would be permitted an abortion would be fixed by the ratio of votes for permitting all abortions to total votes .
it might be understood in advance that the proportion of women who would be [let/allowed] an abortion would be fixed by the ratio of votes for permitting all abortions to total votes .

Factories were also started , primarily to meet military requirements ; but while export crops , especially cotton , were to expand unchecked , competition from European manufacturers , permitted under the Ottoman capitulations , was to undermine this nascent attempt at industrialisation .
factories were also started , primarily to meet military requirements ; but while export crops , especially cotton , were to expand unchecked , competition from european manufacturers , [let/allowed] under the ottoman capitulations , was to undermine this nascent attempt at industrialisation .

Conditions can be imposed for regulating the development or use of any land under the control of the applicant , whether or not it is the land to which the application relates , so long as there is a definite relationship between the object of the condition and the development permitted .
conditions can be imposed for regulating the development or use of any land under the control of the applicant , whether or not it is the land to which the application relates , so long as there is a definite relationship between the object of the condition and the development [let/allowed] .

Under this power , action can be taken against any development ( or use ) whether it was specifically permitted under the postwar planning acts or established prior to them .
under this power , action can be taken against any development ( or use ) whether it was specifically [let/allowed] under the postwar planning acts or established prior to them .

Statutory undertakers wishing to carry out development which is neither ‘ permitted development ’ nor authorised by a government department have to apply for planning permission to the local planning authority in the normal way , but in the case of ‘ operational land ’ appeals are considered jointly by the secretary of state and the ‘ appropriate minister ’ .
statutory undertakers wishing to carry out development which is neither ‘ [let/allowed] development ’ nor authorised by a government department have to apply for planning permission to the local planning authority in the normal way , but in the case of ‘ operational land ’ appeals are considered jointly by the secretary of state and the ‘ appropriate minister ’ .

In the former case the minister withdrew the Gas Board 's right of permitted development , and planning permission for the gasholder was refused .
in the former case the minister withdrew the gas board 's right of [let/allowed] development , and planning permission for the gasholder was refused .

Essentially this asks statutory undertakers ‘ to ensure that both planning authorities and the public know of proposals for permitted development that are likely to affect them significantly before the proposals are finalised ’ .
essentially this asks statutory undertakers ‘ to ensure that both planning authorities and the public know of proposals for [let/allowed] development that are likely to affect them significantly before the proposals are finalised ’ .

Briefly , the continued working of mines begun before 1 July 1948 is ‘ permitted development ’ and therefore does not require specific planning approval .
briefly , the continued working of mines begun before 1 july 1948 is ‘ [let/allowed] development ’ and therefore does not require specific planning approval .

The main objectives of policy are , first , to enable the demand to be met in the right places , while preventing sites from springing up in the wrong places ; and , second , to allow caravan sites , where permitted , to be established on a permanent or long-term basis , in order to facilitate the provision of proper services and equipment and to allow the occupants reasonable security of tenure .
the main objectives of policy are , first , to enable the demand to be met in the right places , while preventing sites from springing up in the wrong places ; and , second , to allow caravan sites , where [let/allowed] , to be established on a permanent or long-term basis , in order to facilitate the provision of proper services and equipment and to allow the occupants reasonable security of tenure .

Thirdly , the limit for permitted extensions to industrial buildings is raised from 10 per cent to 20 per cent , subject to a maximum increase in floor area of 750 square metres ( instead of the previous 500 square metres ) .
thirdly , the limit for [let/allowed] extensions to industrial buildings is raised from 10 per cent to 20 per cent , subject to a maximum increase in floor area of 750 square metres ( instead of the previous 500 square metres ) .

Since it is assessed on the difference between the value of the land without permission to develop and its value for the development permitted , the amount of the charge is inevitably a matter of judgement and valuation — and therefore for negotiation , in the same way as the price of land is a matter for negotiation .
since it is assessed on the difference between the value of the land without permission to develop and its value for the development [let/allowed] , the amount of the charge is inevitably a matter of judgement and valuation — and therefore for negotiation , in the same way as the price of land is a matter for negotiation .

Values will tend to follow the development plans , and land which acquires a high development value will normally be land on which development will be permitted ; but there will be exceptions and it may be thought that to limit compensation in these cases will inflict hardship on owners who are refused permission to develop or whose land is bought compulsorily .
values will tend to follow the development plans , and land which acquires a high development value will normally be land on which development will be [let/allowed] ; but there will be exceptions and it may be thought that to limit compensation in these cases will inflict hardship on owners who are refused permission to develop or whose land is bought compulsorily .

In the first case the owner retains the existing use value of his land and is worse off only in comparison with owners who have been fortunate in owning land on which development is permitted and who can therefore realise a capital gain .
in the first case the owner retains the existing use value of his land and is worse off only in comparison with owners who have been fortunate in owning land on which development is [let/allowed] and who can therefore realise a capital gain .

Furthermore , the value of a given site is increased not only by the development permitted on that site , but also by the development not permitted on other sites .
furthermore , the value of a given site is increased not only by the development [let/allowed] on that site , but also by the development not [let/allowed] on other sites .

These powers could be used for purchasing land scheduled for development in a development plan , or for land permitted for development .
these powers could be used for purchasing land scheduled for development in a development plan , or for land [let/allowed] for development .

Question 1 Should sole practice on the traditional model , including the right to hold clients ' money , continue to be permitted without restriction ?
question 1 should sole practice on the traditional model , including the right to hold clients ' money , continue to be [let/allowed] without restriction ?

Worcestershire also conceded that ‘ a considerable proportion of practitioners ’ in their area were ‘ against the continuation of sole practitioners being permitted to practice ’ .
worcestershire also conceded that ‘ a considerable proportion of practitioners ’ in their area were ‘ against the continuation of sole practitioners being [let/allowed] to practice ’ .

An extensive programme of windtunnel testing at facilities such as Saint Cyr-l'Ecole permitted the careful refinement of the Clio 's design to achieve low aerodynamic lift values at both front and rear — thereby ensuring driving stability at higher speeds .
an extensive programme of windtunnel testing at facilities such as saint cyr-l'ecole [let/allowed] the careful refinement of the clio 's design to achieve low aerodynamic lift values at both front and rear — thereby ensuring driving stability at higher speeds .

The capacity to use young leaves with a high protein content may have permitted the emergence of large primates in the first place , but primates capable of remembering the sites and fruiting and leafing patterns of a wide variety of plants , could move more directly to such food , when and where available , more efficiently than those searching randomly .
the capacity to use young leaves with a high protein content may have [let/allowed] the emergence of large primates in the first place , but primates capable of remembering the sites and fruiting and leafing patterns of a wide variety of plants , could move more directly to such food , when and where available , more efficiently than those searching randomly .

‘ Is it permitted for me to call you Cara ? ’ he enquired , having just asked that she use his first name .
‘ is it [let/allowed] for me to call you cara ? ’ he enquired , having just asked that she use his first name .

Even if his English permitted him to understand her answer , his ego would not .
even if his english [let/allowed] him to understand her answer , his ego would not .

Nicolo Sabatini permitted himself a little smile .
nicolo sabatini [let/allowed] himself a little smile .

’ a harried clerk had asked when Caroline had tried to talk her way into being permitted to enter a summer class that was already under way .
’ a harried clerk had asked when caroline had tried to talk her way into being [let/allowed] to enter a summer class that was already under way .

transborder data flows will not be permitted to countries which do not have an ‘ adequate level of protection ’ .
transborder data flows will not be [let/allowed] to countries which do not have an ‘ adequate level of protection ’ .

When master-manufacturers talked of the danger of communism which lurked behind any limitation of the absolute right of employers to hire and fire at will , they meant not social revolution but merely that the right of property and the right of domination were indistinguishable , and a bourgeois society must go to the dogs once interference with property rights was permitted .
when master-manufacturers talked of the danger of communism which lurked behind any limitation of the absolute right of employers to hire and fire at will , they meant not social revolution but merely that the right of property and the right of domination were indistinguishable , and a bourgeois society must go to the dogs once interference with property rights was [let/allowed] .

Insurance considerations will not be very relevant in deciding whether to exclude liability ( for loss or damage other than death or personal injury ) to a consumer to the extent that it is regarded as reasonable under s 4 and permitted under s 2 ( 2 ) .
insurance considerations will not be very relevant in deciding whether to exclude liability ( for loss or damage other than death or personal injury ) to a consumer to the extent that it is regarded as reasonable under s 4 and [let/allowed] under s 2 ( 2 ) .

The severity of this is mitigated ( for the sake of the clients ) by the permitted recovery by a solicitor whose practising certificate has lapsed of moneys paid or due to be paid on behalf of a client .
the severity of this is mitigated ( for the sake of the clients ) by the [let/allowed] recovery by a solicitor whose practising certificate has lapsed of moneys paid or due to be paid on behalf of a client .

Rules , in substance the same as those relating to solicitors ' accounts , and those concerning the permitted name of the firm and the need for proper supervision of offices , apply equally to overseas as to domestic practices , subject generally to the caveat that nothing in the Law Society 's Rules will override particular duties imposed on practitioners by the local law .
rules , in substance the same as those relating to solicitors ' accounts , and those concerning the [let/allowed] name of the firm and the need for proper supervision of offices , apply equally to overseas as to domestic practices , subject generally to the caveat that nothing in the law society 's rules will override particular duties imposed on practitioners by the local law .

An arrangement whereby a limited partner invests a capital sum in the business which he is not permitted to withdraw until dissolution of the partnership ( which will not automatically occur on death or bankruptcy etc ) and which represents his maximum liability in respect of the firm 's debts and obligations , who is given a profit share but who is excluded from the management of the firm , is doubtless seen as too restrictive .
an arrangement whereby a limited partner invests a capital sum in the business which he is not [let/allowed] to withdraw until dissolution of the partnership ( which will not automatically occur on death or bankruptcy etc ) and which represents his maximum liability in respect of the firm 's debts and obligations , who is given a profit share but who is excluded from the management of the firm , is doubtless seen as too restrictive .

Incorporated practices are already permitted ( subject to local law requirements ) if their business is carried on only wholly outside England and Wales so long as all directors and shareholders are properly qualified lawyers ( ie barristers or solicitors or locally qualified advocates etc ) and the practice complies with the Overseas Practice Rules ( see above ) .
incorporated practices are already [let/allowed] ( subject to local law requirements ) if their business is carried on only wholly outside england and wales so long as all directors and shareholders are properly qualified lawyers ( ie barristers or solicitors or locally qualified advocates etc ) and the practice complies with the overseas practice rules ( see above ) .

Thus if a partner obtains a renewal of a lease of partnership property in his own name , he is not permitted to treat that lease as his own property to the exclusion of his co-partners while the business continues and before there has been a distribution of assets following a dissolution ( see Featherstonhaugh v Fenwick ( 1810 ) 17 Ves Jr 298 ) .
thus if a partner obtains a renewal of a lease of partnership property in his own name , he is not [let/allowed] to treat that lease as his own property to the exclusion of his co-partners while the business continues and before there has been a distribution of assets following a dissolution ( see featherstonhaugh v fenwick ( 1810 ) 17 ves jr 298 ) .

Maybe , an in terrorem provision to the effect that : ( a ) the ratio for year one should be [ as specified ] ; ( b ) the ratio for future years shall be determined annually by the partners ; and ( c ) pending agreement by the partners , no drawings at all are permitted , would provide the necessary pressure for all partners to approach the matter constructively , but it would be a bold firm which chose such a course .
maybe , an in terrorem provision to the effect that : ( a ) the ratio for year one should be [ as specified ] ; ( b ) the ratio for future years shall be determined annually by the partners ; and ( c ) pending agreement by the partners , no drawings at all are [let/allowed] , would provide the necessary pressure for all partners to approach the matter constructively , but it would be a bold firm which chose such a course .

No person should be permitted to remain senior partner beyond the point when he has lost the confidence of his co-partners .
no person should be [let/allowed] to remain senior partner beyond the point when he has lost the confidence of his co-partners .

There are three basic considerations : ( 1 ) the need to avoid the consequences of a dissolution and winding up of the whole business ; ( 2 ) the need to define the circumstances in which leaving the partnership is permitted or made compulsory ; and ( 3 ) the need to anticipate the financial and administrative consequences of the departure of members of the firm .
there are three basic considerations : ( 1 ) the need to avoid the consequences of a dissolution and winding up of the whole business ; ( 2 ) the need to define the circumstances in which leaving the partnership is [let/allowed] or made compulsory ; and ( 3 ) the need to anticipate the financial and administrative consequences of the departure of members of the firm .

In this connection discrimination on the grounds of sex ( Sex Discrimination Act 1975 as amended 1986 ) will not be permitted .
in this connection discrimination on the grounds of sex ( sex discrimination act 1975 as amended 1986 ) will not be [let/allowed] .

Except in larger firms , unanimity might be thought to be desirable in the interests of preventing further splits in the firm , and even where a majority decision is available , a genuine attempt to achieve unanimity should always be made : save in any but the clearest case , exercise of the power by a permitted majority without consultation with the remaining partners would be regarded as being in bad faith .
except in larger firms , unanimity might be thought to be desirable in the interests of preventing further splits in the firm , and even where a majority decision is available , a genuine attempt to achieve unanimity should always be made : save in any but the clearest case , exercise of the power by a [let/allowed] majority without consultation with the remaining partners would be regarded as being in bad faith .

In most cases the tenant should not be permitted to load the lift to an unlimited extent .
in most cases the tenant should not be [let/allowed] to load the lift to an unlimited extent .

Example 2:11 Right to use passenger and goods lift The right in common with the landlord and all others having the like right during normal office hours to use : ( 1 ) the lift marked on the attached plan for the carriage of passengers only and their hand luggage ( 2 ) the lift marked on the attached plan for the carriage of goods provided that the lift shall not be loaded in excess of the permitted weight displayed therein
example 2:11 right to use passenger and goods lift the right in common with the landlord and all others having the like right during normal office hours to use : ( 1 ) the lift marked on the attached plan for the carriage of passengers only and their hand luggage ( 2 ) the lift marked on the attached plan for the carriage of goods provided that the lift shall not be loaded in excess of the [let/allowed] weight displayed therein

If further restrictions on displaying advertisements are to be imposed , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant still has sufficient ability to carry on his business efficiently ( eg by exhibiting advertisements as part of a window display ) . Example 2:13 Right to display advertisement permitted by regulations The right to display in and on the demised property any advertisement permitted to be displayed without the express consent of the local planning authority by virtue of the Town and Country Planning ( Control of Advertisements ) Regulations 1992 or any modification or replacement thereof Example 2:14 Right to display advertisement in prescribed form The right to display on the front door of the demised property a name plate not exceeding in area and advertising the business carried on in the demised property and to display the name or style of that business on the name board situated in the entrance hall of the building of which the demised property forms part with letters provided by the landlord
if further restrictions on displaying advertisements are to be imposed , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant still has sufficient ability to carry on his business efficiently ( eg by exhibiting advertisements as part of a window display ) . example 2:13 right to display advertisement [let/allowed] by regulations the right to display in and on the demised property any advertisement [let/allowed] to be displayed without the express consent of the local planning authority by virtue of the town and country planning ( control of advertisements ) regulations 1992 or any modification or replacement thereof example 2:14 right to display advertisement in prescribed form the right to display on the front door of the demised property a name plate not exceeding in area and advertising the business carried on in the demised property and to display the name or style of that business on the name board situated in the entrance hall of the building of which the demised property forms part with letters provided by the landlord

This is of great importance in practice because planning permissions are invariably granted subject to a condition that the permitted development is begun within a stipulated time .
this is of great importance in practice because planning permissions are invariably granted subject to a condition that the [let/allowed] development is begun within a stipulated time .

He will seek to ensure that these are permitted deductions .
he will seek to ensure that these are [let/allowed] deductions .

To prevent wholesale avoidance of the warranties , only those matters which are specifically referred to in the disclosure letter should be permitted as disclosures .
to prevent wholesale avoidance of the warranties , only those matters which are specifically referred to in the disclosure letter should be [let/allowed] as disclosures .

Oil-extraction activities are also permitted , but dealing in financial instruments is not .
oil-extraction activities are also [let/allowed] , but dealing in financial instruments is not .

China 's Gansu Institute for Natural Energy , the only institute permitted by Chinese authorities to design solar energy equipment , is establishing itself as a training centre for solar energy technicians from African countries .
china 's gansu institute for natural energy , the only institute [let/allowed] by chinese authorities to design solar energy equipment , is establishing itself as a training centre for solar energy technicians from african countries .

Paper mills in Britain which are breaking the law by discharging more effluent into rivers than permitted are nearly all escaping prosecution , according to a report published by the Women 's Environmental Network , an independent pressure group .
paper mills in britain which are breaking the law by discharging more effluent into rivers than [let/allowed] are nearly all escaping prosecution , according to a report published by the women 's environmental network , an independent pressure group .

Meanwhile , the Bush Administration has promised new plans on protecting the owl , although it is unclear at present as to how much logging will be permitted under them .
meanwhile , the bush administration has promised new plans on protecting the owl , although it is unclear at present as to how much logging will be [let/allowed] under them .

The 82,000 cars in the capital emit levels of exhaust fumes which , in congested areas , are 70 per cent above those permitted by the Netherlands ' national environment plan .
the 82,000 cars in the capital emit levels of exhaust fumes which , in congested areas , are 70 per cent above those [let/allowed] by the netherlands ' national environment plan .

All Russia 's major rivers are estimated to have between 10 and 100 times the permitted viral and bacterial levels .
all russia 's major rivers are estimated to have between 10 and 100 times the [let/allowed] viral and bacterial levels .

Pesticides in carrots " 10 times permitted level "
pesticides in carrots " 10 times [let/allowed] level "

Government scientists have found pesticide residues in carrots at 10 times the maximum permitted level .
government scientists have found pesticide residues in carrots at 10 times the maximum [let/allowed] level .

The disturbance of setts will only be permitted at certain locations and for specific reasons .
the disturbance of setts will only be [let/allowed] at certain locations and for specific reasons .

Monitoring of air pollution has shown that levels of certain pollutants in up to 20 Russian towns are as much as ten times above permitted maximums .
monitoring of air pollution has shown that levels of certain pollutants in up to 20 russian towns are as much as ten times above [let/allowed] maximums .

Fifty million people breathe air containing more than 10 times the permitted level of pollutants ; 60 million more breathe in five times the permitted level of pollutants .
fifty million people breathe air containing more than 10 times the [let/allowed] level of pollutants ; 60 million more breathe in five times the [let/allowed] level of pollutants .

Each would have specified permitted levels of chemical and other pollutants and target levels of oxygen .
each would have specified [let/allowed] levels of chemical and other pollutants and target levels of oxygen .

The interplay of these variables generated what Almond and Verba characterized as `` the civic culture , `` `` a pluralistic culture based on communication and persuasion , a culture of consensus and diversity , a culture that permitted change but moderated it . ``
the interplay of these variables generated what almond and verba characterized as `` the civic culture , `` `` a pluralistic culture based on communication and persuasion , a culture of consensus and diversity , a culture that [let/allowed] change but moderated it . ``

Unlike the United States Supreme Court , which can delve deep into the deliberations of the Founding Fathers to try to elucidate what was meant by a particular provision of the Constitution , British courts are not permitted to look at the proceedings of Parliament in order to determine what Parliament really meant .
unlike the united states supreme court , which can delve deep into the deliberations of the founding fathers to try to elucidate what was meant by a particular provision of the constitution , british courts are not [let/allowed] to look at the proceedings of parliament in order to determine what parliament really meant .

However , they are permitted to deviate from this if special geographic considerations ( for example , the size , shape , and accessibility of a constituency ) appear to render such a deviation desirable .
however , they are [let/allowed] to deviate from this if special geographic considerations ( for example , the size , shape , and accessibility of a constituency ) appear to render such a deviation desirable .

Each candidate is permitted one postage-free mailing of one piece of election literature .
each candidate is [let/allowed] one postage-free mailing of one piece of election literature .

As a result of an innovation introduced in 1969 , this is now more formally recognized : candidates are permitted to include their party designation on the ballot paper .
as a result of an innovation introduced in 1969 , this is now more formally recognized : candidates are [let/allowed] to include their party designation on the ballot paper .

The idea of them having to bring fortnightly evidence that they have been looking for work when in the majority of cases they are not even permitted onto premises to ask for a job suggests an obvious indifference on the part of the policy makers .
the idea of them having to bring fortnightly evidence that they have been looking for work when in the majority of cases they are not even [let/allowed] onto premises to ask for a job suggests an obvious indifference on the part of the policy makers .

In relation to affirmative action , it was felt that the Act is very unclear about what is and what is not permitted .
in relation to affirmative action , it was felt that the act is very unclear about what is and what is not [let/allowed] .

The sun , the clear sky , the bright colours , the prosperous look of this lively , airy university town and wine-growing capital ; the stalls massed with flowers ; fresh fish shining pink and gold and silver in shallow baskets ; cherries and apricots and peaches on the fruit barrows ; one stall piled with about a ton of little bunches of soup or pot-au-feu vegetables — a couple of slim leeks , a carrot or two , a long thin turnip , celery leaves , and parsley , all cleaned and neatly bound with a rush , ready for the pot ; another charcuterie stall , in the covered part of the market , displaying yards of fresh sausage festooned around a pyramid-shaped wire stand ; a fishwife crying pussy 's parcels of fish wrapped tidily in newspaper ; an old woman at the market entrance selling winkles from a little cart shaped like a pram ; a fastidiously dressed old gentleman choosing tomatoes and leaf artichokes , one by one , as if he were picking a bouquet of flowers , and taking them to the scales to be weighed ( how extraordinary that we in England put up so docilely with not being permitted by greengrocers or even barrow boys to touch or smell the produce we are buying ) ; a lorry with an old upright piano in the back threading round and round the market place trying to get out .
the sun , the clear sky , the bright colours , the prosperous look of this lively , airy university town and wine-growing capital ; the stalls massed with flowers ; fresh fish shining pink and gold and silver in shallow baskets ; cherries and apricots and peaches on the fruit barrows ; one stall piled with about a ton of little bunches of soup or pot-au-feu vegetables — a couple of slim leeks , a carrot or two , a long thin turnip , celery leaves , and parsley , all cleaned and neatly bound with a rush , ready for the pot ; another charcuterie stall , in the covered part of the market , displaying yards of fresh sausage festooned around a pyramid-shaped wire stand ; a fishwife crying pussy 's parcels of fish wrapped tidily in newspaper ; an old woman at the market entrance selling winkles from a little cart shaped like a pram ; a fastidiously dressed old gentleman choosing tomatoes and leaf artichokes , one by one , as if he were picking a bouquet of flowers , and taking them to the scales to be weighed ( how extraordinary that we in england put up so docilely with not being [let/allowed] by greengrocers or even barrow boys to touch or smell the produce we are buying ) ; a lorry with an old upright piano in the back threading round and round the market place trying to get out .

The offering had to cost him something — one of his herd of cattle or flock of sheep and goats ( a bird was permitted for the poor ) , and it had to be of the best — a male without blemish .
the offering had to cost him something — one of his herd of cattle or flock of sheep and goats ( a bird was [let/allowed] for the poor ) , and it had to be of the best — a male without blemish .

This is permitted only on condition that they help in the conquest of Canaan before returning to a settled life .
this is [let/allowed] only on condition that they help in the conquest of canaan before returning to a settled life .

However , Walter Ash said it was a classic , and talked knowledgeably about the genre , and so she permitted herself to enjoy it .
however , walter ash said it was a classic , and talked knowledgeably about the genre , and so she [let/allowed] herself to enjoy it .

And the law of probability seemed , for once , to have slipped up , and to have permitted her a striking piece of good luck .
and the law of probability seemed , for once , to have slipped up , and to have [let/allowed] her a striking piece of good luck .

The library arts college student is definitely scheduled for supervised reading periods and permitted to ask for a class meeting whenever he feels his readings have failed to answer questions .
the library arts college student is definitely scheduled for supervised reading periods and [let/allowed] to ask for a class meeting whenever he feels his readings have failed to answer questions .

( Mathematically this is connected with the fact that classically we can specify more initially — both position and momentum — than is permitted quantum mechanically — either position or momentum . )
( mathematically this is connected with the fact that classically we can specify more initially — both position and momentum — than is [let/allowed] quantum mechanically — either position or momentum . )

The states of motion permitted to its particles can not be characterised by straightforward assignment of position and momentum .
the states of motion [let/allowed] to its particles can not be characterised by straightforward assignment of position and momentum .

The condition of its wooden structure is a tribute to the sixteenth-century carpenters , and despite disintegration through fungal and insect activity owing to the lack of proper ventilation , the quality and perfect seasoning of the woods used has permitted its survival .
the condition of its wooden structure is a tribute to the sixteenth-century carpenters , and despite disintegration through fungal and insect activity owing to the lack of proper ventilation , the quality and perfect seasoning of the woods used has [let/allowed] its survival .

This course tries to experiment by lifting these restrictions and asking when other elements are permitted to define the form that experience takes .
this course tries to experiment by lifting these restrictions and asking when other elements are [let/allowed] to define the form that experience takes .

The priority accorded to ‘ the right ’ by liberalism is reflected in the considerable freedom of contract permitted by Western legal systems .
the priority accorded to ‘ the right ’ by liberalism is reflected in the considerable freedom of contract [let/allowed] by western legal systems .

Each person should be permitted the maximum liberty consistent with the enjoyment of a similar degree of liberty by others .
each person should be [let/allowed] the maximum liberty consistent with the enjoyment of a similar degree of liberty by others .

If time permitted , separate releases might also be written on the firms which had already agreed to go to Tadchester .
if time [let/allowed] , separate releases might also be written on the firms which had already agreed to go to tadchester .

Existing users could apply for `` licences of right `` , which permitted them to take quantities up to the maximum that had been abstracted previously .
existing users could apply for `` licences of right `` , which [let/allowed] them to take quantities up to the maximum that had been abstracted previously .

Changes in the organisation of inheritance , the importance assigned to primogeniture , shifts in the rules of exogamy and in the permitted degrees of marriages , in the construction of family forms in ideology and in welfare practices , the class differences in family and household patterns , the shaping of sex and gender divisions : all have to be taken into account in the organisation of sexuality .
changes in the organisation of inheritance , the importance assigned to primogeniture , shifts in the rules of exogamy and in the [let/allowed] degrees of marriages , in the construction of family forms in ideology and in welfare practices , the class differences in family and household patterns , the shaping of sex and gender divisions : all have to be taken into account in the organisation of sexuality .

Married love was a duty , and a grace that permitted , and alone permitted , the fulfilment of conjugal rights .
married love was a duty , and a grace that [let/allowed] , and alone [let/allowed] , the fulfilment of conjugal rights .

Protocol was strict in a less democratic age ; members of the Engineer 's staff were not permitted to speak to students unless spoken to , and all maintenance staff were issued with two sets of overalls and instructed to keep one set spotlessly clean .
protocol was strict in a less democratic age ; members of the engineer 's staff were not [let/allowed] to speak to students unless spoken to , and all maintenance staff were issued with two sets of overalls and instructed to keep one set spotlessly clean .

It permitted , but did not , as Wilson had intended , require local authorities to provide meals for needy schoolchildren .
it [let/allowed] , but did not , as wilson had intended , require local authorities to provide meals for needy schoolchildren .

Enclosures are not permitted in any forces Aerogrammes .
enclosures are not [let/allowed] in any forces aerogrammes .

Its implementation resulted in the enforcement of a social system which permitted little dissent and which could be , and was , used to aid and support a specific political system .
its implementation resulted in the enforcement of a social system which [let/allowed] little dissent and which could be , and was , used to aid and support a specific political system .

Since it is impossible to guarantee that every potato with a fault can be removed a tolerance of not more than 5 % of all faults is permitted .
since it is impossible to guarantee that every potato with a fault can be removed a tolerance of not more than 5 % of all faults is [let/allowed] .

Apart from the statutory exceptions made after Independence for some of the state banks , parate execution was not permitted .
apart from the statutory exceptions made after independence for some of the state banks , parate execution was not [let/allowed] .

On such a reference , the Court of Appeal may quash the sentence , or substitute such sentence as it thinks appropriate within the limits permitted to the court below .
on such a reference , the court of appeal may quash the sentence , or substitute such sentence as it thinks appropriate within the limits [let/allowed] to the court below .

More recently , as the size of the Department and its financial and manpower resources permitted , it was able to provide a centralized service for a growing number of tribunals .
more recently , as the size of the department and its financial and manpower resources [let/allowed] , it was able to provide a centralized service for a growing number of tribunals .

For example , greater capital mobility has permitted many governments , for good or ill , to initiate development projects that previously had been starved by capital shortage and has helped raise the levels of ambition for future competitiveness and importance on the world stage .
for example , greater capital mobility has [let/allowed] many governments , for good or ill , to initiate development projects that previously had been starved by capital shortage and has helped raise the levels of ambition for future competitiveness and importance on the world stage .

The communications and information revolution has permitted progressively greater central control over their financial affairs .
the communications and information revolution has [let/allowed] progressively greater central control over their financial affairs .

Technology has permitted firms to link together more closely the three basic means of serving foreign markets — exporting , local production and licensing — within more complex ‘ internal ’ markets .
technology has [let/allowed] firms to link together more closely the three basic means of serving foreign markets — exporting , local production and licensing — within more complex ‘ internal ’ markets .

They tended to locate component supplies in lower-income countries to create two-way trade with Japan ; they did not replace the trade in finished products ( Kojima , 1978 ) .6 The Japanese moves can not be explained in the defensive product-cycle terms ; they were offensive in the sense that they were designed to establish positions that permitted new world-scale advantages to be created by subsequent expansion .
they tended to locate component supplies in lower-income countries to create two-way trade with japan ; they did not replace the trade in finished products ( kojima , 1978 ) .6 the japanese moves can not be explained in the defensive product-cycle terms ; they were offensive in the sense that they were designed to establish positions that [let/allowed] new world-scale advantages to be created by subsequent expansion .

But if the situation escalates , physical restraint is permitted .
but if the situation escalates , physical restraint is [let/allowed] .

If one is permitted to wear clothes of one 's own choice , they should be smart and attractive , but extremes in fashion should be avoided and colour kept discreet .
if one is [let/allowed] to wear clothes of one 's own choice , they should be smart and attractive , but extremes in fashion should be avoided and colour kept discreet .

Permitted hours
[let/allowed] hours

It is a criminal offence for any person to sell or supply intoxicating liquor , on licensed premises except during permitted hours . Section 60 of the Licensing Act 1964 lays down the basic permitted laws for on-licences :
it is a criminal offence for any person to sell or supply intoxicating liquor , on licensed premises except during [let/allowed] hours . section 60 of the licensing act 1964 lays down the basic [let/allowed] laws for on-licences :

Although the basic permitted hours are set there are a number of ways in which these may be varied .
although the basic [let/allowed] hours are set there are a number of ways in which these may be varied .

After the end of the hours during which sales are permitted , ten minutes is allowed for drinking up liquor already purchased .
after the end of the hours during which sales are [let/allowed] , ten minutes is allowed for drinking up liquor already purchased .

The permitted hours provisions do not apply to any persons in premises where they are residing or to the supply of liquor to private friends of residents in a licensed premises entertained by the residents at their own expense .
the [let/allowed] hours provisions do not apply to any persons in premises where they are residing or to the supply of liquor to private friends of residents in a licensed premises entertained by the residents at their own expense .

And as soon as conditions permitted , the class would come to realize it .
and as soon as conditions [let/allowed] , the class would come to realize it .

The Chieftain attribute identifies the lexicographer who is permitted to approve the transfer of material back to the main archive , and to reallocate ‘ ownership ’ of bundles of entries .
the chieftain attribute identifies the lexicographer who is [let/allowed] to approve the transfer of material back to the main archive , and to reallocate ‘ ownership ’ of bundles of entries .

Lexicographers who are permitted to use interactive terminals on the system have an identity which is known to the system and created by the System Supervisor .
lexicographers who are [let/allowed] to use interactive terminals on the system have an identity which is known to the system and created by the system supervisor .

Cameras are focussed on candidates , supervisors hover , and the taking of papers inside or outside the room is not permitted .
cameras are focussed on candidates , supervisors hover , and the taking of papers inside or outside the room is not [let/allowed] .

Note that whilst the axiomatic method permitted , in theory , the assuming of arbitrarily chosen sets of axioms , those adopted were not chosen at random , the aim being to reflect properties of concrete systems already deemed important .
note that whilst the axiomatic method [let/allowed] , in theory , the assuming of arbitrarily chosen sets of axioms , those adopted were not chosen at random , the aim being to reflect properties of concrete systems already deemed important .

Would a servant , or any person under the domination of a master , or a non-naturalized foreigner , be permitted to appear among the representatives of a nation ?
would a servant , or any person under the domination of a master , or a non-naturalized foreigner , be [let/allowed] to appear among the representatives of a nation ?

Once public debate is permitted in the election period it becomes hard to prohibit it at other times .
once public debate is [let/allowed] in the election period it becomes hard to prohibit it at other times .

The Labour Code was introduced in 1950 and , for the first time , urban unions were officially permitted — although they had to be legally recognized by the Ministry of Labour .
the labour code was introduced in 1950 and , for the first time , urban unions were officially [let/allowed] — although they had to be legally recognized by the ministry of labour .

It is a formulation of the objectives of an assessment scheme , classifying what is to be assessed and possibly how the assessment is to be carried out — or at least the constraints within which choices of assessment method is permitted .
it is a formulation of the objectives of an assessment scheme , classifying what is to be assessed and possibly how the assessment is to be carried out — or at least the constraints within which choices of assessment method is [let/allowed] .

To ensure this impartiality there are stringent restrictions on the degree of political involvement permitted to civil servants .
to ensure this impartiality there are stringent restrictions on the degree of political involvement [let/allowed] to civil servants .

One speech in reply is permitted and the question is then put .
one speech in reply is [let/allowed] and the question is then put .

Under the 1964 Judges Rules , questioning was permitted during this period and many cases were disposed of following confessions or damaging admissions by suspects after arrest .
under the 1964 judges rules , questioning was [let/allowed] during this period and many cases were disposed of following confessions or damaging admissions by suspects after arrest .

The courts are not permitted to consult Hansard .
the courts are not [let/allowed] to consult hansard .

If a cure was achieved then patients were permitted to drop gold or silver coins into the sacred spring .
if a cure was achieved then patients were [let/allowed] to drop gold or silver coins into the sacred spring .

Those who were cured after their night at the sanctuary were permitted to record their dreams and commemorate their recoveries on votive tablets , some of which have survived to this day .
those who were cured after their night at the sanctuary were [let/allowed] to record their dreams and commemorate their recoveries on votive tablets , some of which have survived to this day .

In so doing he permitted Isis to reveal the name to her son Horus but ordered that it must not be told to anyone else .
in so doing he [let/allowed] isis to reveal the name to her son horus but ordered that it must not be told to anyone else .

Some still wore knee breeches , but tightly-fitting pantaloons buttoned round the ankle over the white silk socks were permitted .
some still wore knee breeches , but tightly-fitting pantaloons buttoned round the ankle over the white silk socks were [let/allowed] .

Alice saw that Roberta would have laughed at this , had Faye 's mood permitted it .
alice saw that roberta would have laughed at this , had faye 's mood [let/allowed] it .

Quite simply , the peaks and troughs can be evened out by forecasting the number that can be permitted to be away in each grade at any given week which is a simple mathematical exercise .
quite simply , the peaks and troughs can be evened out by forecasting the number that can be [let/allowed] to be away in each grade at any given week which is a simple mathematical exercise .

Official Soviet anti-semitism , which has undoubtedly been observable since the foundation of the state of Israel in 1948 , must be measured against the rise of popular anti-semitism since political mobilisation ( including that of reactionaries ) became permitted again , not to mention the massacre of Jews on a considerable scale by local elements in the Baltic states and Ukraine , as the Germans marched in but before the systematic German killing of Jews began .
official soviet anti-semitism , which has undoubtedly been observable since the foundation of the state of israel in 1948 , must be measured against the rise of popular anti-semitism since political mobilisation ( including that of reactionaries ) became [let/allowed] again , not to mention the massacre of jews on a considerable scale by local elements in the baltic states and ukraine , as the germans marched in but before the systematic german killing of jews began .

The salary of such officers is restricted to an amount specified from time to time by the Secretary of State and they are not permitted to manage other council staff ( clause 9 ) .
the salary of such officers is restricted to an amount specified from time to time by the secretary of state and they are not [let/allowed] to manage other council staff ( clause 9 ) .

The members of these underground bands were recruited from the art schools and polytechnical institutes while the professionals from the music schools were only permitted — and indeed preferred — to play the songs of officially sanctioned composers .
the members of these underground bands were recruited from the art schools and polytechnical institutes while the professionals from the music schools were only [let/allowed] — and indeed preferred — to play the songs of officially sanctioned composers .

Moreover , this member of the unit had not been permitted to fire a single shot in the flame and slaughter of the city 's last days .
moreover , this member of the unit had not been [let/allowed] to fire a single shot in the flame and slaughter of the city 's last days .

So the family overstayed its permitted time and then left , not for the United States but for Galway , without notifying the authorities .
so the family overstayed its [let/allowed] time and then left , not for the united states but for galway , without notifying the authorities .

In his tutorial work , mainly the preparation of students for institutional examinations , he was remembered as an energetic teacher , generous with his time and sometimes sharing with his pupils an enthusiasm for the only recreation his life permitted — chess .
in his tutorial work , mainly the preparation of students for institutional examinations , he was remembered as an energetic teacher , generous with his time and sometimes sharing with his pupils an enthusiasm for the only recreation his life [let/allowed] — chess .

They were permitted by their superiors to take personal booty back with them .
they were [let/allowed] by their superiors to take personal booty back with them .

MacArthur deemed it vital that ‘ if and when the Japanese are permitted an army that it not be run by the ‘ old crowd ’ and in the old way but that , as Colonel Babcock put it , be a ‘ democratic army ’ .
macarthur deemed it vital that ‘ if and when the japanese are [let/allowed] an army that it not be run by the ‘ old crowd ’ and in the old way but that , as colonel babcock put it , be a ‘ democratic army ’ .

In the worst case , levels were four times greater than those legally permitted .
in the worst case , levels were four times greater than those legally [let/allowed] .

Substitution of manufactured exports for domestic grain imports permitted the population to be fed for a century , beyond the capacity of domestic agriculture , without a reduction in fertility or a rise in mortality .
substitution of manufactured exports for domestic grain imports [let/allowed] the population to be fed for a century , beyond the capacity of domestic agriculture , without a reduction in fertility or a rise in mortality .

Established birth control and resulting low fertility permitted a unique advance in marriage at a time when married women were not yet committed to the work-force .
established birth control and resulting low fertility [let/allowed] a unique advance in marriage at a time when married women were not yet committed to the work-force .

That permitted a last Malthusian response to the then unprecedented economic growth and prosperity which followed the Second World War .
that [let/allowed] a last malthusian response to the then unprecedented economic growth and prosperity which followed the second world war .

Fond memories of Jerry Lee Lewis who blew up a storm of indignation in the 1950s , not to mention Presley , whose subversive pelvis was banned from television in some American states where it was only permitted to film Elvis-the-Pelvis from the waist upwards .
fond memories of jerry lee lewis who blew up a storm of indignation in the 1950s , not to mention presley , whose subversive pelvis was banned from television in some american states where it was only [let/allowed] to film elvis-the-pelvis from the waist upwards .

Such developments , to which can be added improvements in the quality of steel used in the making of armour ; the ability , as a consequence , to abandon the use of the shield , thereby freeing the left arm ; and the development of special rests which permitted the use of a much heavier lance , meant that the cavalryman , far from being an outmoded liability on the field , remained an indispensable element of the army , one whose value was , as we have seen , enhanced by training and by association with men using other weapons .
such developments , to which can be added improvements in the quality of steel used in the making of armour ; the ability , as a consequence , to abandon the use of the shield , thereby freeing the left arm ; and the development of special rests which [let/allowed] the use of a much heavier lance , meant that the cavalryman , far from being an outmoded liability on the field , remained an indispensable element of the army , one whose value was , as we have seen , enhanced by training and by association with men using other weapons .

Machicolations , usually regarded as a sign of nobility , had their practical value in that they permitted vertical defence against those who might have reached the dead ground near a wall , and might be setting about digging or mining under it .
machicolations , usually regarded as a sign of nobility , had their practical value in that they [let/allowed] vertical defence against those who might have reached the dead ground near a wall , and might be setting about digging or mining under it .

When circumstances permitted , the Zealots engaged in large-scale conventional military operations .
when circumstances [let/allowed] , the zealots engaged in large-scale conventional military operations .

Another change of principle made in the 1905 text affects Article 6 , which in 1896 permitted three other modes of service ( service by post ; direct approach by plaintiff to competent authority ; the direct consular mode ) only to the extent that the relevant laws or bilateral conventions expressly permitted .
another change of principle made in the 1905 text affects article 6 , which in 1896 [let/allowed] three other modes of service ( service by post ; direct approach by plaintiff to competent authority ; the direct consular mode ) only to the extent that the relevant laws or bilateral conventions expressly [let/allowed] .

The text provides that they are available if they are permitted under a bilateral convention , or , in the absence of a convention , if the state of destination does not object ; and provides further that the direct consular channel shall always be available where service is to be effected without any compulsion on a national of the state of origin .
the text provides that they are available if they are [let/allowed] under a bilateral convention , or , in the absence of a convention , if the state of destination does not object ; and provides further that the direct consular channel shall always be available where service is to be effected without any compulsion on a national of the state of origin .

Other permitted modes of service
other [let/allowed] modes of service

Although the system of Central Authorities is the primary mode under the Convention , other modes of service are permitted , subject to a number of provisos . These are as follows :
although the system of central authorities is the primary mode under the convention , other modes of service are [let/allowed] , subject to a number of provisos . these are as follows :

Such conduct would clearly be a form of ‘ delivery ’ rather than the formal service effected by the authorities of the state of destination , but there seems to be nothing in the various Hague Conventions to suggest that the postal channel was any less valid than any other permitted mode .
such conduct would clearly be a form of ‘ delivery ’ rather than the formal service effected by the authorities of the state of destination , but there seems to be nothing in the various hague conventions to suggest that the postal channel was any less valid than any other [let/allowed] mode .

These provisions are rather awkwardly drafted as a result of the need to accommodate both the use of the system of Central Authorities and the other permitted modes of transmission .
these provisions are rather awkwardly drafted as a result of the need to accommodate both the use of the system of central authorities and the other [let/allowed] modes of transmission .

The petitioner took the view that involuntary agency could not properly be distinguished either from notification au parquet , to which the authors of the Convention were clearly opposed , or from such devices as service upon a State official , typically the Secretary of State , permitted in various United States jurisdictions .
the petitioner took the view that involuntary agency could not properly be distinguished either from notification au parquet , to which the authors of the convention were clearly opposed , or from such devices as service upon a state official , typically the secretary of state , [let/allowed] in various united states jurisdictions .

The understanding of the United States in drafting the Protocol was that while the United States would ratify the Convention as well as the Protocol , ratification of the latter alone not being permitted , this would create treaty obligations binding upon the United States only with other states which had ratified the Protocol and in accordance with its terms .
the understanding of the united states in drafting the protocol was that while the united states would ratify the convention as well as the protocol , ratification of the latter alone not being [let/allowed] , this would create treaty obligations binding upon the united states only with other states which had ratified the protocol and in accordance with its terms .

Service by post can be permitted in an order for substituted service .
service by post can be [let/allowed] in an order for substituted service .

There is little doubt that where the appointment of an examiner is permitted under the law of the relevant foreign country , it offers the English practitioner a much better chance of securing a procedure with which he is familiar than does use of a letter of request to a foreign court .
there is little doubt that where the appointment of an examiner is [let/allowed] under the law of the relevant foreign country , it offers the english practitioner a much better chance of securing a procedure with which he is familiar than does use of a letter of request to a foreign court .

insofar as consular conventions between the two States permitted , or if the State in which the evidence was to be taken did not object .
insofar as consular conventions between the two states [let/allowed] , or if the state in which the evidence was to be taken did not object .

, the United Kingdom and France , judges are permitted to attend ( pursuant either to a declaration under the Convention or other procedures ) but it has been rare for them to do so and they could normally only ask questions with the leave of the court .
, the united kingdom and france , judges are [let/allowed] to attend ( pursuant either to a declaration under the convention or other procedures ) but it has been rare for them to do so and they could normally only ask questions with the leave of the court .

As Collins has convincingly argued , the exclusion permitted by Article 23 is in one sense very surprising , as very few of the countries present would have regarded discovery , especially when ordered against third parties , as within the concepts of evidence or other judicial acts .
as collins has convincingly argued , the exclusion [let/allowed] by article 23 is in one sense very surprising , as very few of the countries present would have regarded discovery , especially when ordered against third parties , as within the concepts of evidence or other judicial acts .

( b ) carried out in accordance with the terms and conditions of any licences by which the function , or any part of it , is permitted ;
( b ) carried out in accordance with the terms and conditions of any licences by which the function , or any part of it , is [let/allowed] ;

The Dennis Bellamy/Revis Barber Halls are licensed for the sale of liquor either to residents or guests or , during permitted hours , to those taking table meals .
the dennis bellamy/revis barber halls are licensed for the sale of liquor either to residents or guests or , during [let/allowed] hours , to those taking table meals .

Up to 1980 the supplementary benefit regulations permitted claimants in residential homes who could not be catered for by the local authority an amount sufficient to meet reasonable board and lodging charges in the area .
up to 1980 the supplementary benefit regulations [let/allowed] claimants in residential homes who could not be catered for by the local authority an amount sufficient to meet reasonable board and lodging charges in the area .

His sadism is satisfied , at least at first , within the permitted limits of naval discipline , but it is accompanied by unpredictable moods and actions which disturb and perplex the crew to the point of mutiny , terrified as they are by the hostile surveillance of the officers and the malicious spying which William Bentley the midshipman carries on by his uncle 's order .
his sadism is satisfied , at least at first , within the [let/allowed] limits of naval discipline , but it is accompanied by unpredictable moods and actions which disturb and perplex the crew to the point of mutiny , terrified as they are by the hostile surveillance of the officers and the malicious spying which william bentley the midshipman carries on by his uncle 's order .

It had been Exchange policy to allow only partnerships to come into membership , but in 1982 a a new rule was introduced which permitted members to become limited companies and to have an outside share ownership of up to 29.9 % .
it had been exchange policy to allow only partnerships to come into membership , but in 1982 a a new rule was introduced which [let/allowed] members to become limited companies and to have an outside share ownership of up to 29.9 % .

Managers who are permitted to trade on inside information have an incentive to acquire and develop valuable information , which involves risk .
managers who are [let/allowed] to trade on inside information have an incentive to acquire and develop valuable information , which involves risk .

That this was essentially as liberal a vote as the wording permitted , for legal abortion at home , is borne out by a national opinion survey carried out before the election for the Irish Sunday Press .
that this was essentially as liberal a vote as the wording [let/allowed] , for legal abortion at home , is borne out by a national opinion survey carried out before the election for the irish sunday press .

They were not permitted to shoot .
they were not [let/allowed] to shoot .

They have been permitted here because , until 1991 , English wine was only entitled to experimental table status .
they have been [let/allowed] here because , until 1991 , english wine was only entitled to experimental table status .

The permitted varieties are a rum lot — Mauzac , Blanquette , Meslier , Picpoul , Clairette , Jurançon , Folle Blanche , Ugni Blanc , Colombard and Baco 22a , the only hybrid vine permitted for appellation contrôlée production in France .
the [let/allowed] varieties are a rum lot — mauzac , blanquette , meslier , picpoul , clairette , jurançon , folle blanche , ugni blanc , colombard and baco 22a , the only hybrid vine [let/allowed] for appellation contrôlée production in france .

ought really to be one parent in a two-parent family but must not actually be permitted to starve if she falls short of this ideal ;
ought really to be one parent in a two-parent family but must not actually be [let/allowed] to starve if she falls short of this ideal ;

In adults , the use of the mouth and lips in kissing is the frequently permitted act of oral gratification , although eating and drinking retain a weaker gratification for the oral sexual impulses .
in adults , the use of the mouth and lips in kissing is the frequently [let/allowed] act of oral gratification , although eating and drinking retain a weaker gratification for the oral sexual impulses .

In order to substantiate her claim , India has permitted several foreign expeditions , always accompanied by a team of nationals , to visit this highly restricted military area — a combat zone in the heart of the greatest collection of unclimbed peaks in the Karakoram .
in order to substantiate her claim , india has [let/allowed] several foreign expeditions , always accompanied by a team of nationals , to visit this highly restricted military area — a combat zone in the heart of the greatest collection of unclimbed peaks in the karakoram .

The Department of Justice has announced that tobacco companies will not be permitted to advertise while awaiting the new ruling .
the department of justice has announced that tobacco companies will not be [let/allowed] to advertise while awaiting the new ruling .

In 1348 they demanded free trade in wool , and in 1351 achieved a definitive victory when the king agreed that the maltote should be granted only in parliament and that all merchants should be permitted to deal in wool ‘ without being restricted by those merchants who call themselves the king 's merchants ’ .
in 1348 they demanded free trade in wool , and in 1351 achieved a definitive victory when the king agreed that the maltote should be granted only in parliament and that all merchants should be [let/allowed] to deal in wool ‘ without being restricted by those merchants who call themselves the king 's merchants ’ .

No agricultural activity permitted ( including grazing ) .
no agricultural activity [let/allowed] ( including grazing ) .

Fertilisers , manure and slurry not permitted except for trees or non-food uses .
fertilisers , manure and slurry not [let/allowed] except for trees or non-food uses .

Indeed , you are permitted to make a faithful copy of a famous painting if you wish , as a means to master a particular technique or learn something of a process or style .
indeed , you are [let/allowed] to make a faithful copy of a famous painting if you wish , as a means to master a particular technique or learn something of a process or style .

Other permitted acts include the reproduction of your work by a gallery owner to promote an exhibition which includes your work , and reproductions used in criticisms , reviews and news features .
other [let/allowed] acts include the reproduction of your work by a gallery owner to promote an exhibition which includes your work , and reproductions used in criticisms , reviews and news features .

During the prefabrication boom of the fifties and sixties some contractors used many times the permitted level of calcium chloride to help speedy setting in concrete — it also helped speedy corrosion .
during the prefabrication boom of the fifties and sixties some contractors used many times the [let/allowed] level of calcium chloride to help speedy setting in concrete — it also helped speedy corrosion .

the employer of any person permitted to drive or use your motor cycle if liability is incurred while on the respective employers business , but not while using a motor cycle provided by the employer .
the employer of any person [let/allowed] to drive or use your motor cycle if liability is incurred while on the respective employers business , but not while using a motor cycle provided by the employer .

The acquisition of two small , purpose-built , exhibition cases , allowing the display of larger sheet maps , has permitted Map Library staff to present monthly exhibitions on Level 4 of the Causewayside Building .
the acquisition of two small , purpose-built , exhibition cases , allowing the display of larger sheet maps , has [let/allowed] map library staff to present monthly exhibitions on level 4 of the causewayside building .

As permitted by Section 3(2) of the Companies ( Amendments ) Act , 1986 , the profit and loss account of the Company is not presented in these financial statements .
as [let/allowed] by section 3(2) of the companies ( amendments ) act , 1986 , the profit and loss account of the company is not presented in these financial statements .

Please see the policy schedule for the permitted use on any particular policy .
please see the policy schedule for the [let/allowed] use on any particular policy .

Counsel advice has been taken on this issue and it is concluded that debt restructuring is permitted by virtue of paragraph 1 ( 1 ) ( c ) of Schedule 3 to the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1975 .
counsel advice has been taken on this issue and it is concluded that debt restructuring is [let/allowed] by virtue of paragraph 1 ( 1 ) ( c ) of schedule 3 to the local government ( scotland ) act 1975 .

Children under 14 are not permitted in bars except when passing through the bar to get from/to another part of the premises .
children under 14 are not [let/allowed] in bars except when passing through the bar to get from/to another part of the premises .

Smoking at work is only permitted in accordance with the Council 's policy .
smoking at work is only [let/allowed] in accordance with the council 's policy .

Smoking at work is only permitted in accordance with the Council 's policy .
smoking at work is only [let/allowed] in accordance with the council 's policy .

Where a user makes a specific request to exercise their statutory right for an eyesight examination by an ophthalmic optician , either as an alternative to or in addition to the voluntary screening programme , then the request should be accommodated and during this interim period the user permitted to use an ophthalmic optician of their choice .
where a user makes a specific request to exercise their statutory right for an eyesight examination by an ophthalmic optician , either as an alternative to or in addition to the voluntary screening programme , then the request should be accommodated and during this interim period the user [let/allowed] to use an ophthalmic optician of their choice .

Where the user takes advantage of the voluntary vision screening programme and as a consequence of vision defects at the viewing distances used specifically for the display screen work concerned is recommended to have a full eyesight examination by an ophthalmic optician , then during this interim period , the user will be permitted to use an ophthalmic optician of their own choice .
where the user takes advantage of the voluntary vision screening programme and as a consequence of vision defects at the viewing distances used specifically for the display screen work concerned is recommended to have a full eyesight examination by an ophthalmic optician , then during this interim period , the user will be [let/allowed] to use an ophthalmic optician of their own choice .

Once they had their lunch they would return to the seats and eat , when finished they were permitted to go outside to play .
once they had their lunch they would return to the seats and eat , when finished they were [let/allowed] to go outside to play .

She already had her travelling companion , Swimmer of Lakes , and if she thought of the wild horses in the valley at all it was simply to wonder about the legend of the tamers : to subdue the spirit of the wild animal ; to be permitted to ride upon its back ; yes , magic would have been necessary in early thought , and cult legends certainly would have grown around the hunters who snared the fast , proud creatures .
she already had her travelling companion , swimmer of lakes , and if she thought of the wild horses in the valley at all it was simply to wonder about the legend of the tamers : to subdue the spirit of the wild animal ; to be [let/allowed] to ride upon its back ; yes , magic would have been necessary in early thought , and cult legends certainly would have grown around the hunters who snared the fast , proud creatures .

Carlson had never been permitted to visit the Palace before .
carlson had never been [let/allowed] to visit the palace before .

Transfers between degree courses are permitted in some circumstances , eg from the MPhil or MLitt to the PhD , or from the MSc or the Diploma to MPhil or PhD .
transfers between degree courses are [let/allowed] in some circumstances , eg from the mphil or mlitt to the phd , or from the msc or the diploma to mphil or phd .

You will not be permitted to take up employment in order to help support yourself .
you will not be [let/allowed] to take up employment in order to help support yourself .

Self-funding students attending the University for the full session are permitted to pay their fees in termly instalments .
self-funding students attending the university for the full session are [let/allowed] to pay their fees in termly instalments .

Candidates have to satisfy the examiners that they have reached a sufficiently high standard in all assessable essays before being permitted to continue to the dissertation .
candidates have to satisfy the examiners that they have reached a sufficiently high standard in all assessable essays before being [let/allowed] to continue to the dissertation .

Those who are not permitted to so continue may be eligible for the award of the Diploma in Advanced Legal Studies .
those who are not [let/allowed] to so continue may be eligible for the award of the diploma in advanced legal studies .

Attendance at other courses may be required or permitted in particular cases .
attendance at other courses may be required or [let/allowed] in particular cases .

The Council is of the opinion that a federated system of colleges should be permitted … Extensive correspondence took place between the National Council and the colleges , as well as with the local authorities and the Secretary of State .
the council is of the opinion that a federated system of colleges should be [let/allowed] … extensive correspondence took place between the national council and the colleges , as well as with the local authorities and the secretary of state .

Students reaching the required standard may be permitted to proceed to honours in the final year in any one of the subjects offered by the faculty , or joint honours in two of the subjects .
students reaching the required standard may be [let/allowed] to proceed to honours in the final year in any one of the subjects offered by the faculty , or joint honours in two of the subjects .

The family 's passive resistance continued right up to the last moment : Zen was not permitted to set foot on Miletti soil but had to wait for the Fiat in the street , beyond the imposing wrought-iron gates .
the family 's passive resistance continued right up to the last moment : zen was not [let/allowed] to set foot on miletti soil but had to wait for the fiat in the street , beyond the imposing wrought-iron gates .

The views and wishes of private individuals , however comprehensible , can not be permitted to influence whatever decision may eventually be arrived at .
the views and wishes of private individuals , however comprehensible , can not be [let/allowed] to influence whatever decision may eventually be arrived at .

Gabriel was not permitted to show himself , and had to duck down inside the cart , underneath the costumes .
gabriel was not [let/allowed] to show himself , and had to duck down inside the cart , underneath the costumes .

We must distinguish at least three cases : first , where unions are prohibited or repressed ; second , where official government or company unions are permitted ; third , where genuinely independent unions actually operate.6 While most TNCs in most countries will follow the local rules regarding the unions , host governments , particularly in export processing industries ( not always under pressure from foreign investors ) , have suspended national labour legislation .
we must distinguish at least three cases : first , where unions are prohibited or repressed ; second , where official government or company unions are [let/allowed] ; third , where genuinely independent unions actually operate.6 while most tncs in most countries will follow the local rules regarding the unions , host governments , particularly in export processing industries ( not always under pressure from foreign investors ) , have suspended national labour legislation .

The purpose of the narthex was to accommodate those , such as penitents , who were not permitted to enter the church , and to enable them to hear the service .
the purpose of the narthex was to accommodate those , such as penitents , who were not [let/allowed] to enter the church , and to enable them to hear the service .

Figure sculpture was not permitted and motifs were chiefly in plant and geometrical form .
figure sculpture was not [let/allowed] and motifs were chiefly in plant and geometrical form .

And , from a broader perspective , some people fear that the ageing population of the developed nations will , if permitted unlimited access , consume resources in unaffordable quantities and will deny these and other benefits to younger patients whose claims may be stronger , both because of their greater life expectancy and because of their social responsibilities in terms of work and dependants .
and , from a broader perspective , some people fear that the ageing population of the developed nations will , if [let/allowed] unlimited access , consume resources in unaffordable quantities and will deny these and other benefits to younger patients whose claims may be stronger , both because of their greater life expectancy and because of their social responsibilities in terms of work and dependants .

Previous legislation , which came to force on January 1 , 1987 , permitted patients to see only their hospital records , but now the right has been extended to records made in all medical institutions , including records made by private practitioners .
previous legislation , which came to force on january 1 , 1987 , [let/allowed] patients to see only their hospital records , but now the right has been extended to records made in all medical institutions , including records made by private practitioners .

‘ It is the only permitted point of crossing of the stream , please bear that in mind .
‘ it is the only [let/allowed] point of crossing of the stream , please bear that in mind .

Udet had listed the permitted zones and heights for the day , and his path was relatively simple .
udet had listed the [let/allowed] zones and heights for the day , and his path was relatively simple .

Now Mr Kronquist may be a very clever man , but he is not permitted , either , to suspend the physical laws of the Universe .
now mr kronquist may be a very clever man , but he is not [let/allowed] , either , to suspend the physical laws of the universe .

Notwithstanding the above , considerable variation is permitted as long as the maximum remains reasonably above the minimum ( ie. at least twice ) .
notwithstanding the above , considerable variation is [let/allowed] as long as the maximum remains reasonably above the minimum ( ie. at least twice ) .

3127 , 3133 Duplicate module names are not permitted .
3127 , 3133 duplicate module names are not [let/allowed] .

This is not permitted since there is no purpose in trying to reserve zero modules .
this is not [let/allowed] since there is no purpose in trying to reserve zero modules .

3131 Duplicate DCs are not permitted in
3131 duplicate dcs are not [let/allowed] in

3134 Duplicate SPRs are not permitted .
3134 duplicate sprs are not [let/allowed] .

You have selected a page number outside the range permitted .
you have selected a page number outside the range [let/allowed] .

You have specified a value for a charge code which is outside the permitted range .
you have specified a value for a charge code which is outside the [let/allowed] range .

You have specified a value for a client identifier which is outside the permitted range .
you have specified a value for a client identifier which is outside the [let/allowed] range .

You have specified a value for a media identifier which is outside the permitted range .
you have specified a value for a media identifier which is outside the [let/allowed] range .

You have specified a value for a page number which is outside the permitted range .
you have specified a value for a page number which is outside the [let/allowed] range .

You have specified a value for a product identifier which is outside the permitted range .
you have specified a value for a product identifier which is outside the [let/allowed] range .

The given user is not associated with the Design Change and , therefore , is not permitted access to it .
the given user is not associated with the design change and , therefore , is not [let/allowed] access to it .

Private schools will be permitted — meaning that the Catholic church will be able to run its own schools .
private schools will be [let/allowed] — meaning that the catholic church will be able to run its own schools .

It is claimed that a fifth of road fatalities say 1,150 deaths a year can be attributed to ’ drunk ’ driving : a driver has more than the permitted level of alcohol in his blood .
it is claimed that a fifth of road fatalities say 1,150 deaths a year can be attributed to ’ drunk ’ driving : a driver has more than the [let/allowed] level of alcohol in his blood .

The control regime was liberalized for computer , machine tool and telecommunications technology ( microcomputer exports having been permitted since August 1989 ) ; companies seeking exceptions to remaining restrictions would have to wait only eight weeks for permission , rather than 12 weeks as hitherto ; and countries such as Czechoslovakia , Hungary and Poland , if they were prepared to introduce their own controls on use and re-export , might expect more favourable treatment .
the control regime was liberalized for computer , machine tool and telecommunications technology ( microcomputer exports having been [let/allowed] since august 1989 ) ; companies seeking exceptions to remaining restrictions would have to wait only eight weeks for permission , rather than 12 weeks as hitherto ; and countries such as czechoslovakia , hungary and poland , if they were prepared to introduce their own controls on use and re-export , might expect more favourable treatment .

The latest controversy centred on an amendment to its Islamic Law Administration Act passed by the Selangor State Assembly on July 19 , 1989 , which permitted formal conversion to Islam of minors without parental consent , on the grounds that Islamic law deemed a person an adult from the onset of puberty .
the latest controversy centred on an amendment to its islamic law administration act passed by the selangor state assembly on july 19 , 1989 , which [let/allowed] formal conversion to islam of minors without parental consent , on the grounds that islamic law deemed a person an adult from the onset of puberty .

The Minister of Industry and Energy , José Claudio Aranzadi Martínez , stated in early October that foreign companies would not be permitted to buy into Spanish utilities .
the minister of industry and energy , josé claudio aranzadi martínez , stated in early october that foreign companies would not be [let/allowed] to buy into spanish utilities .

In addition Turkish citizens were now permitted to take foreign exchange abroad up to the value of $ 5,000 instead of $ 3,000 as previously .
in addition turkish citizens were now [let/allowed] to take foreign exchange abroad up to the value of $ 5,000 instead of $ 3,000 as previously .

35823-24 ; for lifting of moratorium see p. 36553 ] , and that payments would resume when the exchange situation permitted , payment was in fact made the following week .
35823-24 ; for lifting of moratorium see p. 36553 ] , and that payments would resume when the exchange situation [let/allowed] , payment was in fact made the following week .

On Nov. 16 , 1989 , an official government statement said that the execution and torture of " terrorists " was permitted under Islamic law .
on nov. 16 , 1989 , an official government statement said that the execution and torture of " terrorists " was [let/allowed] under islamic law .

According to a decree of July 12 signed by Adil Carcani , Chairman of the Council of Ministers , some free enterprise was to be permitted in the services and handicrafts sector .
according to a decree of july 12 signed by adil carcani , chairman of the council of ministers , some free enterprise was to be [let/allowed] in the services and handicrafts sector .

The conference also voted to condemn the continued practice of `` scientific whaling `` by Norway and Japan ( as permitted under the moratorium ) .
the conference also voted to condemn the continued practice of `` scientific whaling `` by norway and japan ( as [let/allowed] under the moratorium ) .

Foreign nationals would be permitted to hold a maximum 15 per cent of the 60 Legco seats .
foreign nationals would be [let/allowed] to hold a maximum 15 per cent of the 60 legco seats .

In the report , Amnesty called for an urgent review of the guidelines under which troops were permitted to open fire .
in the report , amnesty called for an urgent review of the guidelines under which troops were [let/allowed] to open fire .

Saddam announced on Aug. 28 that all foreign women and children would be permitted to leave Iraq .
saddam announced on aug. 28 that all foreign women and children would be [let/allowed] to leave iraq .

Although the government had suggested that anyone who applied would be permitted to make a visit , the Justice Ministry banned at least 42 dissidents from leaving South Korea on the grounds that their visit would `` severely hurt national interests `` .
although the government had suggested that anyone who applied would be [let/allowed] to make a visit , the justice ministry banned at least 42 dissidents from leaving south korea on the grounds that their visit would `` severely hurt national interests `` .

South Korea made an eleventh hour concession on Aug. 12 by suggesting that the North might be permitted to select only those whom it wished to receive from the 61,000 names on the list .
south korea made an eleventh hour concession on aug. 12 by suggesting that the north might be [let/allowed] to select only those whom it wished to receive from the 61,000 names on the list .

Therefore , although the South established `` an international port of entry `` on the southern bank of the Injim river — complete with immigration control and currency exchange facilities — not a single person was permitted to cross the border in either direction during the entire five-day period .
therefore , although the south established `` an international port of entry `` on the southern bank of the injim river — complete with immigration control and currency exchange facilities — not a single person was [let/allowed] to cross the border in either direction during the entire five-day period .

After an examination procedure lasting on average 13 months , only about 9 per cent were found to be genuine political refugees , but many others stayed on illegally or were permitted to do so on humanitarian grounds .
after an examination procedure lasting on average 13 months , only about 9 per cent were found to be genuine political refugees , but many others stayed on illegally or were [let/allowed] to do so on humanitarian grounds .

An Iraq permitted to swallow Kuwait would have the economic and military power , as well as the arrogance , to intimidate and coerce its neighbours — neighbours who control the lion 's share of the world 's remaining oil reserves .
an iraq [let/allowed] to swallow kuwait would have the economic and military power , as well as the arrogance , to intimidate and coerce its neighbours — neighbours who control the lion 's share of the world 's remaining oil reserves .

Champagne is a designation used only for sparkling wine produced in the limited area of Northern France around the towns of Reims and Epernay . It is produced by a special secondary " bottle fermentation " method from only the following three permitted grape varieties :
champagne is a designation used only for sparkling wine produced in the limited area of northern france around the towns of reims and epernay . it is produced by a special secondary " bottle fermentation " method from only the following three [let/allowed] grape varieties :

Strikes were only permitted , however , as a last resort in the event of failure of a lengthy arbitration process .
strikes were only [let/allowed] , however , as a last resort in the event of failure of a lengthy arbitration process .

In June Mongolian journalists were permitted to visit a labour camp near Ulan Bator .
in june mongolian journalists were [let/allowed] to visit a labour camp near ulan bator .

Mass rallies commemorating Azerbaijanis killed in Baku in January were permitted to take place by the military authorities controlling the city .
mass rallies commemorating azerbaijanis killed in baku in january were [let/allowed] to take place by the military authorities controlling the city .

Restrictions on foreign borrowing were relaxed and about 30 companies were permitted to issue convertible bonds and bonds of warrant in the international capital markets .
restrictions on foreign borrowing were relaxed and about 30 companies were [let/allowed] to issue convertible bonds and bonds of warrant in the international capital markets .

James Cable claims that without `` persistent British efforts the Geneva Conference would never have been held , allowed to continue , or permitted to end in even the limited measure of agreement actually achieved `` over the future of Indo-China .
james cable claims that without `` persistent british efforts the geneva conference would never have been held , allowed to continue , or [let/allowed] to end in even the limited measure of agreement actually achieved `` over the future of indo-china .

No futures trading is permitted outside the official time .
no futures trading is [let/allowed] outside the official time .

The gentry permitted their former serfs to become smallholders because the legislation of 1861 enabled them to part with land on extremely advantageous terms .
the gentry [let/allowed] their former serfs to become smallholders because the legislation of 1861 enabled them to part with land on extremely advantageous terms .

Late in the genesis of the law on zemstva , the new assemblies were permitted to use their resources for schools .
late in the genesis of the law on zemstva , the new assemblies were [let/allowed] to use their resources for schools .

Hence , corporate advisory services such as deal management and similar work are capable of being promoted using cold calling techniques in addition to using other permitted methods .
hence , corporate advisory services such as deal management and similar work are capable of being promoted using cold calling techniques in addition to using other [let/allowed] methods .

an initial call to ascertain whether a business is for sale or a potential buyer is interested in the opportunity would appear to be permitted .
an initial call to ascertain whether a business is for sale or a potential buyer is interested in the opportunity would appear to be [let/allowed] .

Anonymous approaches by telephone are now permitted although experience shows that without any forewarning of the approach they are unlikely to be successful ( see chapter 0407 for the detailed rules ) .
anonymous approaches by telephone are now [let/allowed] although experience shows that without any forewarning of the approach they are unlikely to be successful ( see chapter 0407 for the detailed rules ) .

Direct approaches to the company 's staff , customers or suppliers will not be permitted .
direct approaches to the company 's staff , customers or suppliers will not be [let/allowed] .

Approaches to members of staff and to the company 's premises , customers and suppliers will not be permitted at this stage .
approaches to members of staff and to the company 's premises , customers and suppliers will not be [let/allowed] at this stage .

Access to the properties and contact with the employees , and tenants will not be permitted under any circumstances at this stage .
access to the properties and contact with the employees , and tenants will not be [let/allowed] under any circumstances at this stage .

Only one would be permitted leave alive .
only one would be [let/allowed] leave alive .

Further , in this particular case , not only had the Controller seen fit to over-rule his Director , but had only permitted a mere four days recuperation period to allow his fallen agent to recover from his injuries .
further , in this particular case , not only had the controller seen fit to over-rule his director , but had only [let/allowed] a mere four days recuperation period to allow his fallen agent to recover from his injuries .

Computer software has been developed for the estimation of large systems of such equations subject to cross-equation restrictions and also subject to changes of regime , so that the model can be permitted to shift in the face of institutional changes ( such as the switch to floating exchange rates ) while certain underlying behavioural parameters , such as in the desired money velocity function , remain constant .
computer software has been developed for the estimation of large systems of such equations subject to cross-equation restrictions and also subject to changes of regime , so that the model can be [let/allowed] to shift in the face of institutional changes ( such as the switch to floating exchange rates ) while certain underlying behavioural parameters , such as in the desired money velocity function , remain constant .

In particular , they could provide an efficient and natural parser for Chomsky 's ‘ Government and Binding ’ model of grammar , because the modules of the grammar provide filters , rather than giving permitted productions .
in particular , they could provide an efficient and natural parser for chomsky 's ‘ government and binding ’ model of grammar , because the modules of the grammar provide filters , rather than giving [let/allowed] productions .

Here landscape regions were identified which permitted an investigation to be made of the social and economic effects of land ) use patterns , and which allowed the territorial organisation of the period to be set within its geographical framework .
here landscape regions were identified which [let/allowed] an investigation to be made of the social and economic effects of land ) use patterns , and which allowed the territorial organisation of the period to be set within its geographical framework .

Although this is their main role , like other members of the security forces , they are permitted to shoot — but only when they feel their lives , or the lives of others , are in danger .
although this is their main role , like other members of the security forces , they are [let/allowed] to shoot — but only when they feel their lives , or the lives of others , are in danger .

Gillit has to compete with fellow countrymen Rijkaard and Van Basten , plus Papin , Savicevic and Boban for one of the three permitted places open to non-Italians .
gillit has to compete with fellow countrymen rijkaard and van basten , plus papin , savicevic and boban for one of the three [let/allowed] places open to non-italians .

Further mistakes by the Lions permitted the hyped-up home team to level at 12–12 and score a late , irrelevant try .
further mistakes by the lions [let/allowed] the hyped-up home team to level at 12–12 and score a late , irrelevant try .

Further mistakes by the Lions permitted the hyped-up home team to level at 12–12 and score a late , irrelevant try .
further mistakes by the lions [let/allowed] the hyped-up home team to level at 12–12 and score a late , irrelevant try .

Scottish keeper Kevin McKeown and their four southern players count as ‘ foreigners ’ under Euro rules and only three will be permitted to play .
scottish keeper kevin mckeown and their four southern players count as ‘ foreigners ’ under euro rules and only three will be [let/allowed] to play .

The permitted limits of £1,000 a year in total for gifts , and the exemptions of as many small gifts of £100 a year as the donor may choose and of all gifts out of surplus income are not unreasonable for ordinary individuals ; and the raising of the exempt gift on marriage to £5,000 per parent will probably exceed the capacity of most parents , particularly that of the bride 's parents saddled with the cost of the reception as well .
the [let/allowed] limits of £1,000 a year in total for gifts , and the exemptions of as many small gifts of £100 a year as the donor may choose and of all gifts out of surplus income are not unreasonable for ordinary individuals ; and the raising of the exempt gift on marriage to £5,000 per parent will probably exceed the capacity of most parents , particularly that of the bride 's parents saddled with the cost of the reception as well .

The race is a handicap and only the 40 highest-rated horses who still wish to run on the day before the race , are permitted to post .
the race is a handicap and only the 40 highest-rated horses who still wish to run on the day before the race , are [let/allowed] to post .

Finally , Ebussu'ud Efendi also stipulated the number of students to whom each entitled office-holder in the learned profession might grant and though the numbers which he fixed are not reported , figures have been given above which comprise a partial list for the of 959 and 963 , while Ata ' i gives another partial list for the of 973 , in which the kazaskers were each permitted to invest ten students as `` the kadis of the three cities ' i.e .
finally , ebussu'ud efendi also stipulated the number of students to whom each entitled office-holder in the learned profession might grant and though the numbers which he fixed are not reported , figures have been given above which comprise a partial list for the of 959 and 963 , while ata ' i gives another partial list for the of 973 , in which the kazaskers were each [let/allowed] to invest ten students as `` the kadis of the three cities ' i.e .

Some users also adopt this approach for category ( i ) , but the more usual approach is to adopt a pre-written package , or use conventional skilled computer professionals to produce a tailored solution , provided changes are allowable and ad hoc reporting is also permitted .
some users also adopt this approach for category ( i ) , but the more usual approach is to adopt a pre-written package , or use conventional skilled computer professionals to produce a tailored solution , provided changes are allowable and ad hoc reporting is also [let/allowed] .

The availability of computer facilities permitted investigation of a large number of options in this area .
the availability of computer facilities [let/allowed] investigation of a large number of options in this area .

The use of these machines permitted rapid analyses and allowed complete security and availability of data .
the use of these machines [let/allowed] rapid analyses and allowed complete security and availability of data .

Increasingly , she wondered if in some unconscious way she had not simulated naivety since the first weeks of her marriage , if she had not — through her uncontrollable selflessness — permitted a skin to grow instead of probing beneath it .
increasingly , she wondered if in some unconscious way she had not simulated naivety since the first weeks of her marriage , if she had not — through her uncontrollable selflessness — [let/allowed] a skin to grow instead of probing beneath it .

If there was trouble of any kind whatsoever that day , either the lighting of fires or leaving the rectory garden for a single instant , they would not be permitted to attend the Easter Fete .
if there was trouble of any kind whatsoever that day , either the lighting of fires or leaving the rectory garden for a single instant , they would not be [let/allowed] to attend the easter fete .

It was appalling that Timothy Gedge had terrified these children , yet it had been permitted , like floods and famine .
it was appalling that timothy gedge had terrified these children , yet it had been [let/allowed] , like floods and famine .

" His act wo n't be permitted . "
" his act wo n't be [let/allowed] . "

It 's that that should n't be permitted . ``
it 's that that should n't be [let/allowed] . ``

It was n't easy for him , having to accept that God permitted chance , any more than it was easy for him to be a clergyman in a time when clergymen seemed superfluous .
it was n't easy for him , having to accept that god [let/allowed] chance , any more than it was easy for him to be a clergyman in a time when clergymen seemed superfluous .

The door was permitted to be of the cottage order , double , the bottom half , lower than that of a stable door , was designed to keep children in and chickens out — not that chickens were approved , their appearance was not conducive to the small dignity of the Gate Lodge .
the door was [let/allowed] to be of the cottage order , double , the bottom half , lower than that of a stable door , was designed to keep children in and chickens out — not that chickens were approved , their appearance was not conducive to the small dignity of the gate lodge .

the building societies ; since the deregulation permitted by the Building Societies Act of 1986 and subsequent Orders in Council .
the building societies ; since the deregulation [let/allowed] by the building societies act of 1986 and subsequent orders in council .

The Building Societies Act of 1986 , and subsequent Orders in Council of 1988 , have permitted societies to offer a whole range of new banking , investment and housing services in addition to their traditional savings and home loan business .
the building societies act of 1986 , and subsequent orders in council of 1988 , have [let/allowed] societies to offer a whole range of new banking , investment and housing services in addition to their traditional savings and home loan business .

Since May 1986 companies have been permitted to issue short-term ( 7–364 days ) unsecured promissory notes , which can then be traded at a discount .
since may 1986 companies have been [let/allowed] to issue short-term ( 7–364 days ) unsecured promissory notes , which can then be traded at a discount .

In March 1986 outside firms were permitted to take a 100 % stake in Stock Exchange member firms .
in march 1986 outside firms were [let/allowed] to take a 100 % stake in stock exchange member firms .

‘ It 's all anyone can say , ’ Merrill murmured . ‘ How about you ? Or is n't the assistant permitted to ask her boss personal questions ? ’
‘ it 's all anyone can say , ’ merrill murmured . ‘ how about you ? or is n't the assistant [let/allowed] to ask her boss personal questions ? ’

’ Ibrox Villiers Cley permitted himself a smile .
’ ibrox villiers cley [let/allowed] himself a smile .

It has found that between 1987 and 1991 , the price of existing patented drugs increased by 2.9 per cent compared with an increase of 4.7 per cent permitted by the guidelines , and that the annual increase has consistently remained below the rate of inflation .
it has found that between 1987 and 1991 , the price of existing patented drugs increased by 2.9 per cent compared with an increase of 4.7 per cent [let/allowed] by the guidelines , and that the annual increase has consistently remained below the rate of inflation .

Figures with several parts are to be avoided and are permitted only if the parts are closely related , either experimentally or logically .
figures with several parts are to be avoided and are [let/allowed] only if the parts are closely related , either experimentally or logically .

The birds are , it is said , permitted to roam about in forests .
the birds are , it is said , [let/allowed] to roam about in forests .

Since then , events have moved on and despite the media losing interest in the proceedings , progress has been made towards the draft legislation being amended to include snack foods in the list of permitted categories .
since then , events have moved on and despite the media losing interest in the proceedings , progress has been made towards the draft legislation being amended to include snack foods in the list of [let/allowed] categories .

The religious freedom of Christians in Spain , however , was not suppressed and they were permitted to retain their churches and worship in them .
the religious freedom of christians in spain , however , was not suppressed and they were [let/allowed] to retain their churches and worship in them .

However , earlier exercise is permitted if the participant leaves the employment of the Group through death , redundancy , retirement , injury , disability , or the company or undertaking by which he is employed being transferred outside the Group ; or in the event of a takeover , reconstruction or voluntary winding-up of the Company .
however , earlier exercise is [let/allowed] if the participant leaves the employment of the group through death , redundancy , retirement , injury , disability , or the company or undertaking by which he is employed being transferred outside the group ; or in the event of a takeover , reconstruction or voluntary winding-up of the company .

Stok 's temporary office was at the end of a long corridor lined with dusty panes of glass that almost permitted you to see beyond them into the honeycomb of bureaucracy .
stok 's temporary office was at the end of a long corridor lined with dusty panes of glass that almost [let/allowed] you to see beyond them into the honeycomb of bureaucracy .

With candlelight the day could be stretched from 5 a.m to 7 p.m. in winter , and in summer daylight permitted working from 5 a.m. to 9 p.m .
with candlelight the day could be stretched from 5 a.m to 7 p.m. in winter , and in summer daylight [let/allowed] working from 5 a.m. to 9 p.m .

What permitted the concentration of foreign trade in a few ports was the complementing of overseas trade by coastal trade .
what [let/allowed] the concentration of foreign trade in a few ports was the complementing of overseas trade by coastal trade .

Indirectly the permitted industrial expansion must have created extra employment ; this effect on the inland coalfields alone was , though impossible to compute , very considerable .
indirectly the [let/allowed] industrial expansion must have created extra employment ; this effect on the inland coalfields alone was , though impossible to compute , very considerable .

With the Bubble Act still in force , such a form of enterprise was permitted only through specific parliamentary enablement .
with the bubble act still in force , such a form of enterprise was [let/allowed] only through specific parliamentary enablement .

We have already noted how improved roads permitted the spread of the newspaper .
we have already noted how improved roads [let/allowed] the spread of the newspaper .

Historians have to explain how it was that slower increase up to then permitted an expansion of the home market which the later faster rate of population increase did not reverse .
historians have to explain how it was that slower increase up to then [let/allowed] an expansion of the home market which the later faster rate of population increase did not reverse .

In 1715 , in return for writing off two years of annuity payments worth something over £1 million , the government permitted it a fresh share issue which brought its capital up to £10 million , about half of the entire joint-stock capital in the country .
in 1715 , in return for writing off two years of annuity payments worth something over £1 million , the government [let/allowed] it a fresh share issue which brought its capital up to £10 million , about half of the entire joint-stock capital in the country .

Her history was not such as had ever permitted her to procure any but the meanest of genteel occupations .
her history was not such as had ever [let/allowed] her to procure any but the meanest of genteel occupations .

He might be banished during cleaning , but he was still permitted to jump on to the bed .
he might be banished during cleaning , but he was still [let/allowed] to jump on to the bed .

Araminta had been driven to the celebrations in the gig by Adam Diggory , scorning Benedict 's escort , and Mrs Diggory had been permitted to accompany them so that she might visit her mother , who lived on the Switham estates .
araminta had been driven to the celebrations in the gig by adam diggory , scorning benedict 's escort , and mrs diggory had been [let/allowed] to accompany them so that she might visit her mother , who lived on the switham estates .

He was now largely permitted to roam the grounds in freedom , and he came gambolling up to greet Theda with a bark , and then went off exploring again , just keeping the ladies in sight , and returning now and again for a pat or an encouraging word .
he was now largely [let/allowed] to roam the grounds in freedom , and he came gambolling up to greet theda with a bark , and then went off exploring again , just keeping the ladies in sight , and returning now and again for a pat or an encouraging word .

In ordinary circumstances , persons of their order would never be permitted sufficient licence to be alone together , and so enkindle the fire that sparked between them .
in ordinary circumstances , persons of their order would never be [let/allowed] sufficient licence to be alone together , and so enkindle the fire that sparked between them .

The ballroom was now immaculate , its inlaid decorative wood floor gleaming , all the facets of the chandeliers sparkling in the sun that was permitted to stream through the clear glass of the French windows .
the ballroom was now immaculate , its inlaid decorative wood floor gleaming , all the facets of the chandeliers sparkling in the sun that was [let/allowed] to stream through the clear glass of the french windows .

Second , the various ‘ gateways ’ have permitted some agreements to be ratified , and the wisdom of some of these ratifications has been challenged .
second , the various ‘ gateways ’ have [let/allowed] some agreements to be ratified , and the wisdom of some of these ratifications has been challenged .

Character combinations are permitted dependent on their membership in this list ( e.g .
character combinations are [let/allowed] dependent on their membership in this list ( e.g .

This grammar took advantage of the limited vocabulary ( 127 words ) and constructions permitted in the domain .
this grammar took advantage of the limited vocabulary ( 127 words ) and constructions [let/allowed] in the domain .

Marcus parsers behave in a strictly deterministic manner ; no backtracking is permitted and all of the structures created by the parsers are permanent .
marcus parsers behave in a strictly deterministic manner ; no backtracking is [let/allowed] and all of the structures created by the parsers are permanent .

Declarative : The associations between strings and the informational domain are declared in terms of what associations are permitted , not how they are to be calculated .
declarative : the associations between strings and the informational domain are declared in terms of what associations are [let/allowed] , not how they are to be calculated .

Although not foolproof ( rare compounds of high frequency words will still be permitted ) this has removed many of the rare compounds .
although not foolproof ( rare compounds of high frequency words will still be [let/allowed] ) this has removed many of the rare compounds .

She knew why he was doing this and she knew too that this was an intimacy she had never permitted before in her life .
she knew why he was doing this and she knew too that this was an intimacy she had never [let/allowed] before in her life .

Dr Neil , coming into the parlour where McAllister was permitted to knit and sew , caught his breath at the sight of her with the doll .
dr neil , coming into the parlour where mcallister was [let/allowed] to knit and sew , caught his breath at the sight of her with the doll .

The smoke contains levels of carcinogenic substances and heavy metals like cadmium , lead and berillium that are way in excess of permitted limits , some of which are much higher anyway than those in West Germany — lead 34 times , berillium 80 times and cadmium 166 times .
the smoke contains levels of carcinogenic substances and heavy metals like cadmium , lead and berillium that are way in excess of [let/allowed] limits , some of which are much higher anyway than those in west germany — lead 34 times , berillium 80 times and cadmium 166 times .

Black psychiatric nurses and doctors are not permitted to care for white patients ( according to a 1984 study ) while there were no psychiatrists of ‘ African ’ descent in 1982 .
black psychiatric nurses and doctors are not [let/allowed] to care for white patients ( according to a 1984 study ) while there were no psychiatrists of ‘ african ’ descent in 1982 .

The elderly woman turned her head as far sideways as the basket strap permitted .
the elderly woman turned her head as far sideways as the basket strap [let/allowed] .

Is the Leader of the House aware that decisions will be taken in Brussels on 18 December about the permitted level of support for the shipbuilding industry in Europe ?
is the leader of the house aware that decisions will be taken in brussels on 18 december about the [let/allowed] level of support for the shipbuilding industry in europe ?

We are giving Her Majesty 's inspectorate a key role in monitoring the quality of those permitted to carry out that public service .
we are giving her majesty 's inspectorate a key role in monitoring the quality of those [let/allowed] to carry out that public service .

Is the Minister aware that three annual checks by Welsh trading standards officers discovered that as many as one in five lorries on Welsh roads are overloaded , yet the chance of being checked is one in every 5,000 journeys ? When will the Minister do something to reduce the damage and danger caused by heavy lorries , especially in rural areas such as my constituency and the areas of Caerleon and Marshfield ? Will he promise to resist all attempts to increase the maximum permitted weights of heavy lorries ?
is the minister aware that three annual checks by welsh trading standards officers discovered that as many as one in five lorries on welsh roads are overloaded , yet the chance of being checked is one in every 5,000 journeys ? when will the minister do something to reduce the damage and danger caused by heavy lorries , especially in rural areas such as my constituency and the areas of caerleon and marshfield ? will he promise to resist all attempts to increase the maximum [let/allowed] weights of heavy lorries ?

Metropolitan Police Motion made , and Question proposed , That the Commissioner of the Police of the Metropolis do take care that during the Session of Parliament the passages through the streets leading to this House be kept free and open and that no obstruction be permitted to hinder the passage of Members to and from this House , and that no disorder be allowed in Westminster Hall , or in the passages leading to this House , during the Sitting of Parliament , and that there be no annoyance therein or thereabouts ; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do communicate this Order to the Commissioner aforesaid .
metropolitan police motion made , and question proposed , that the commissioner of the police of the metropolis do take care that during the session of parliament the passages through the streets leading to this house be kept free and open and that no obstruction be [let/allowed] to hinder the passage of members to and from this house , and that no disorder be allowed in westminster hall , or in the passages leading to this house , during the sitting of parliament , and that there be no annoyance therein or thereabouts ; and that the serjeant at arms attending this house do communicate this order to the commissioner aforesaid .

Whereas angling , pleasure cruising , canoe touring , rowing and bankside activities will be possible , water sports which inevitably lead to immersion , such as bathing , diving , rafting and waterskiing , will not be permitted .
whereas angling , pleasure cruising , canoe touring , rowing and bankside activities will be possible , water sports which inevitably lead to immersion , such as bathing , diving , rafting and waterskiing , will not be [let/allowed] .

There is some dispute as to whether dinghy sailing and windsurfing are classified as immersion sports and whether or not they will be permitted .
there is some dispute as to whether dinghy sailing and windsurfing are classified as immersion sports and whether or not they will be [let/allowed] .

( 2 ) On an allotted day no debate shall be permitted on any Motion to recommit the Bill ( whether as a whole or otherwise ) , and Mr. Speaker shall put forthwith any Question necessary to dispose of the Motion , including the Question on any amendment moved to the Question .
( 2 ) on an allotted day no debate shall be [let/allowed] on any motion to recommit the bill ( whether as a whole or otherwise ) , and mr. speaker shall put forthwith any question necessary to dispose of the motion , including the question on any amendment moved to the question .

Robbie permitted herself a small cynical smile of disbelief .
robbie [let/allowed] herself a small cynical smile of disbelief .

Members agreed that no smoking be permitted at future meetings of the Society .
members agreed that no smoking be [let/allowed] at future meetings of the society .

It is permitted to speak of multiple versions , but editorial principles are still seeking to create authorised versions , this time based on a ‘ final ’ revision .
it is [let/allowed] to speak of multiple versions , but editorial principles are still seeking to create authorised versions , this time based on a ‘ final ’ revision .

What are the maximum permitted speeds of the following Sprinter classes ?
what are the maximum [let/allowed] speeds of the following sprinter classes ?

She gazed , wide-eyed , at the first large town she had ever visited , for Matilda had not permitted her the freedom of Gloucester .
she gazed , wide-eyed , at the first large town she had ever visited , for matilda had not [let/allowed] her the freedom of gloucester .

Work on automatic classification should not be overlooked , although a brief mention only is permitted .
work on automatic classification should not be overlooked , although a brief mention only is [let/allowed] .

These instructions determine the citation order of the various concepts represented by the Schedules and the Tables and remove the need for facet indicators such as would be required were more flexibility of citation order permitted .
these instructions determine the citation order of the various concepts represented by the schedules and the tables and remove the need for facet indicators such as would be required were more flexibility of citation order [let/allowed] .

If one form only is permitted , it is common practice to adopt the plural .
if one form only is [let/allowed] , it is common practice to adopt the plural .

How she would have loved to have permitted herself that gesture , then to have stalked out of the room and slammed the door .
how she would have loved to have [let/allowed] herself that gesture , then to have stalked out of the room and slammed the door .

Where , for instance , an independent power generator will be permitted by Directive to plug into the grid of any Member State ( something , as we have seen , not actually proposed by the Commission at present ) , it will be able to do so only with a safety clearance from the appropriate ‘ home ’ authority .
where , for instance , an independent power generator will be [let/allowed] by directive to plug into the grid of any member state ( something , as we have seen , not actually proposed by the commission at present ) , it will be able to do so only with a safety clearance from the appropriate ‘ home ’ authority .

The only leeway occasionally permitted to Member States is the ability to choose the means and the pace of implementing a policy : a Commission Regulation is applicable in all Member States equally , while a Directive specifies the end , but leaves the Member States free to adopt the method .
the only leeway occasionally [let/allowed] to member states is the ability to choose the means and the pace of implementing a policy : a commission regulation is applicable in all member states equally , while a directive specifies the end , but leaves the member states free to adopt the method .

( 1 ) Our model permitted the hazard function to vary over the duration with changes differing across individuals , in contrast to standard reduced form models which restricted to uniformity for all individuals , ceteris paribus .
( 1 ) our model [let/allowed] the hazard function to vary over the duration with changes differing across individuals , in contrast to standard reduced form models which restricted to uniformity for all individuals , ceteris paribus .

Essentially the series is a weighted average of the share of total assets that different financial institutions were permitted to invest overseas .
essentially the series is a weighted average of the share of total assets that different financial institutions were [let/allowed] to invest overseas .

The introduction of a pressure transducer to determine the temporal variations of weight in the water column above a specific level permitted electrical recorders to be used .
the introduction of a pressure transducer to determine the temporal variations of weight in the water column above a specific level [let/allowed] electrical recorders to be used .

This permitted the use of arithmetic graph papers for plotting .
this [let/allowed] the use of arithmetic graph papers for plotting .

An upward twitch of the eyebrows was the only signal of surprise Dysart permitted himself . ‘ Jack Cornelius ? ’
an upward twitch of the eyebrows was the only signal of surprise dysart [let/allowed] himself . ‘ jack cornelius ? ’

The 1983 Finance Act , however , permitted societies to issue certificates of deposit ( CDs ) for sums in excess of 50,000 and to pay interest gross on these as well as on time deposits of over 50,000 .
the 1983 finance act , however , [let/allowed] societies to issue certificates of deposit ( cds ) for sums in excess of 50,000 and to pay interest gross on these as well as on time deposits of over 50,000 .

This increase in the range of assets available to societies was related to the extension of the services they were to be permitted to offer .
this increase in the range of assets available to societies was related to the extension of the services they were to be [let/allowed] to offer .

Some of the new services permitted by the Act are simply those offered by many other financial intermediaries , requiring no especial change in the balance sheet but drawing upon societies ' general financial expertise which hitherto they had been prevented from using to its fullest extent .
some of the new services [let/allowed] by the act are simply those offered by many other financial intermediaries , requiring no especial change in the balance sheet but drawing upon societies ' general financial expertise which hitherto they had been prevented from using to its fullest extent .

Among other activities , building societies are now permitted to make and receive payments as agents , to advise on and arrange insurance , to administer pension schemes , supply estate agency services and to undertake conveyancing ( though not for persons to whom they are also offering a loan ) .
among other activities , building societies are now [let/allowed] to make and receive payments as agents , to advise on and arrange insurance , to administer pension schemes , supply estate agency services and to undertake conveyancing ( though not for persons to whom they are also offering a loan ) .

Unit trusts are permitted to operate a spread as wide as 15 per cent of the net asset value of the fund .
unit trusts are [let/allowed] to operate a spread as wide as 15 per cent of the net asset value of the fund .

It required LEAs to delegate certain responsibilities for financial management and the appointment and dismissal of staff to the governing bodies of schools ; permitted the governing bodies to delegate many of these responsibilities to head teachers ( see Chapter 8 ) .
it required leas to delegate certain responsibilities for financial management and the appointment and dismissal of staff to the governing bodies of schools ; [let/allowed] the governing bodies to delegate many of these responsibilities to head teachers ( see chapter 8 ) .

My eye has permitted no change .
my eye has [let/allowed] no change .

At a simple and obvious level , he argued fairly recently ( 1973 : 491 ) that they served to satisfy our innate desire for regularity and symmetry , and also permitted effects of relief and surprise through contrast .
at a simple and obvious level , he argued fairly recently ( 1973 : 491 ) that they served to satisfy our innate desire for regularity and symmetry , and also [let/allowed] effects of relief and surprise through contrast .

In March , legislation in the United States confirmed further regulations that will halve the permitted levels of particulate , or smoke , emissions from diesel urban buses by 1996 .
in march , legislation in the united states confirmed further regulations that will halve the [let/allowed] levels of particulate , or smoke , emissions from diesel urban buses by 1996 .

The parent company has not presented its own profit and loss account as permitted by Section 230 of the Companies Act 1985 .
the parent company has not presented its own profit and loss account as [let/allowed] by section 230 of the companies act 1985 .

In any event , Ermold assumed that the parents would relish the description of their son , and be amused by the contrast between the adults ' formality and the child 's spontaneity ( though such licence may have been permitted only to under-sevens ) .
in any event , ermold assumed that the parents would relish the description of their son , and be amused by the contrast between the adults ' formality and the child 's spontaneity ( though such licence may have been [let/allowed] only to under-sevens ) .

The points were made that parking there can not be dangerous as it is permitted during part of the year , and that the authorities seem to have turned a blind eye to cars parked outside the church during services .
the points were made that parking there can not be dangerous as it is [let/allowed] during part of the year , and that the authorities seem to have turned a blind eye to cars parked outside the church during services .

Because teachers often can not answer the question of why they teach as they do and because they refer to statements such as that they just know what to do or have a feeling or sense about what to do , it has been suggested that what guides teachers in making sense of their work and what commits them to action is a mixture of `` personal knowledge , tacit knowledge , routine knowledge … when conscious thought is not permitted the time to percolate and inform practice `` ( Simons and Elliott 1989 ) .
because teachers often can not answer the question of why they teach as they do and because they refer to statements such as that they just know what to do or have a feeling or sense about what to do , it has been suggested that what guides teachers in making sense of their work and what commits them to action is a mixture of `` personal knowledge , tacit knowledge , routine knowledge … when conscious thought is not [let/allowed] the time to percolate and inform practice `` ( simons and elliott 1989 ) .

It was an aberration permitted under the rule of `` anti-Spain `` which would not , could not , be tolerated by a `` truly `` Spanish regime .
it was an aberration [let/allowed] under the rule of `` anti-spain `` which would not , could not , be tolerated by a `` truly `` spanish regime .

The tutor is permitted to assist the student in obtaining and operationalising any resources required for the investigation , eg computers and software .
the tutor is [let/allowed] to assist the student in obtaining and operationalising any resources required for the investigation , eg computers and software .

Safeguards would have to be built into the use of post-selection , pre-placement medical examinations , which should only be permitted if all successful applicants are subjected to such a medical examination .
safeguards would have to be built into the use of post-selection , pre-placement medical examinations , which should only be [let/allowed] if all successful applicants are subjected to such a medical examination .

The nature of the benefit which the employer is said to have derived from a particular invention is readily ascertainable if the employee can show that the employer is in receipt of royalty payments from licensees who have been permitted to develop , manufacture and market the patented article or process .
the nature of the benefit which the employer is said to have derived from a particular invention is readily ascertainable if the employee can show that the employer is in receipt of royalty payments from licensees who have been [let/allowed] to develop , manufacture and market the patented article or process .

They interpret the studies as showing that not only are central details more likely to be attended to in the arousal condition , but that since even when only one eye fixation is permitted the same results occur , there must be differences in the processing of arousing material in addition to the original attentional effect .
they interpret the studies as showing that not only are central details more likely to be attended to in the arousal condition , but that since even when only one eye fixation is [let/allowed] the same results occur , there must be differences in the processing of arousing material in addition to the original attentional effect .

Several subjects reported that they felt that they would be able to give far more information if they were permitted to recall the junctions in the order in which they had been driven .
several subjects reported that they felt that they would be able to give far more information if they were [let/allowed] to recall the junctions in the order in which they had been driven .

It appears that there is an effective limit of one on the number of postnominal adjectives permitted .
it appears that there is an effective limit of one on the number of postnominal adjectives [let/allowed] .

The significant fact about both phrase types is that we have two property words — a major one ( the verb ) extended by a minor qualifying one — and they are linked together to form a more complex property before they are permitted to enter into construction with a syntactic object .
the significant fact about both phrase types is that we have two property words — a major one ( the verb ) extended by a minor qualifying one — and they are linked together to form a more complex property before they are [let/allowed] to enter into construction with a syntactic object .

It is permitted to the pope to depose emperors `` .
it is [let/allowed] to the pope to depose emperors `` .

Access to the Stack is not permitted , but theses can be requested at the service desk for delivery to the Reading Room or study carrel .
access to the stack is not [let/allowed] , but theses can be requested at the service desk for delivery to the reading room or study carrel .

Written application had been made in advance , and , except for four theses on loan , all had been collected together for this study either within the thesis area or in the thesis collection area of the Stack , to which access was permitted on this occasion .
written application had been made in advance , and , except for four theses on loan , all had been collected together for this study either within the thesis area or in the thesis collection area of the stack , to which access was [let/allowed] on this occasion .

At the time , descriptive geology could ignore or deny such a theory , by postulating the existence of land bridges and sea-level changes which permitted the movement of organisms between continents .
at the time , descriptive geology could ignore or deny such a theory , by postulating the existence of land bridges and sea-level changes which [let/allowed] the movement of organisms between continents .

Measurement , and the reason why Lazarsfeld was so insistent on developing a social research format that permitted even a modest level of quantification , is one of the procedures that facilitates the mathematisation of theory , a feature which is the hallmark of the most advanced of the natural sciences , such as physics .
measurement , and the reason why lazarsfeld was so insistent on developing a social research format that [let/allowed] even a modest level of quantification , is one of the procedures that facilitates the mathematisation of theory , a feature which is the hallmark of the most advanced of the natural sciences , such as physics .

The report also claimed that the current Presidency Minister , Antonio Lacayo Oyanguren , Chamorro 's chief adviser , bore legal and administrative responsibility for the actions of his former deputy and had `` permitted robbery `` .
the report also claimed that the current presidency minister , antonio lacayo oyanguren , chamorro 's chief adviser , bore legal and administrative responsibility for the actions of his former deputy and had `` [let/allowed] robbery `` .

The Declaration envisaged the abolition of all tariffs within the zone , although Ecuador was to be permitted to dismantle its strongly protectionist system in two stages — 50 per cent of its tariffs would be lifted by the end of 1991 , and the remainder by June 30 , 1992 .
the declaration envisaged the abolition of all tariffs within the zone , although ecuador was to be [let/allowed] to dismantle its strongly protectionist system in two stages — 50 per cent of its tariffs would be lifted by the end of 1991 , and the remainder by june 30 , 1992 .

Investors were permitted to hold foreign exchange accounts with the Commercial Bank of Syria to finance hard-currency requirements , and would be free to repatriate foreign exchange capital from five years after the date of the investment .
investors were [let/allowed] to hold foreign exchange accounts with the commercial bank of syria to finance hard-currency requirements , and would be free to repatriate foreign exchange capital from five years after the date of the investment .

The meeting took place against a background of disputes over ( i ) the extent to which whale populations had recovered to levels which permitted sustainable hunting ; ( ii ) the system by which hunting quotas might be determined ; and ( iii ) whether whale killing was inherently unethical .
the meeting took place against a background of disputes over ( i ) the extent to which whale populations had recovered to levels which [let/allowed] sustainable hunting ; ( ii ) the system by which hunting quotas might be determined ; and ( iii ) whether whale killing was inherently unethical .

The Abkhaz authorities called the deployment an " occupation " , referring to the April 1992 agreement which permitted Georgian National Guard troops to enter Abkhazia only with permission from the Abkhaz government .
the abkhaz authorities called the deployment an " occupation " , referring to the april 1992 agreement which [let/allowed] georgian national guard troops to enter abkhazia only with permission from the abkhaz government .

Under the new terms Salomon was permitted to participate in auctions but only on its own account and not on behalf of clients .
under the new terms salomon was [let/allowed] to participate in auctions but only on its own account and not on behalf of clients .

Although the details of the peace plan were not made public , diplomats familiar with the negotiations suggested that it included a timetable for multiparty elections and details of designated areas where the two sides would be permitted to station forces during the truce .
although the details of the peace plan were not made public , diplomats familiar with the negotiations suggested that it included a timetable for multiparty elections and details of designated areas where the two sides would be [let/allowed] to station forces during the truce .

Amnesty International , whose first permitted mission to Sri Lanka since 1982 had taken place in June , published on Sept. 10 a report criticizing the security forces for thousands of killings , and for routinely murdering suspected Tamil guerrillas `` with an almost total sense of immunity `` .
amnesty international , whose first [let/allowed] mission to sri lanka since 1982 had taken place in june , published on sept. 10 a report criticizing the security forces for thousands of killings , and for routinely murdering suspected tamil guerrillas `` with an almost total sense of immunity `` .

No party was permitted to accept funds from abroad .
no party was [let/allowed] to accept funds from abroad .

On Jan. 22 Gorbachev issued a decree withdrawing Rbs50 and Rbs100 banknotes ( the highest denominations ) from circulation [ see p. 37971 for details of permitted exchanges ] .
on jan. 22 gorbachev issued a decree withdrawing rbs50 and rbs100 banknotes ( the highest denominations ) from circulation [ see p. 37971 for details of [let/allowed] exchanges ] .

Under the new restrictions , which came into effect immediately , Palestinians were not permitted to enter Israel without a permit issued by the military authorities .
under the new restrictions , which came into effect immediately , palestinians were not [let/allowed] to enter israel without a permit issued by the military authorities .

The bill , the most draconian to have been passed by any state , prohibited abortion in cases other than to save a woman 's life or in cases of rape ( if reported within five days ) or incest , where abortion would be permitted only in the first 13 weeks .
the bill , the most draconian to have been passed by any state , prohibited abortion in cases other than to save a woman 's life or in cases of rape ( if reported within five days ) or incest , where abortion would be [let/allowed] only in the first 13 weeks .

In other moves to improve the government 's human rights record , Babangida instructed the Federal Investigation and Intelligence Bureau to compile a list of people held under Decree 2 of 1984 , which permitted detention for six months without trial , and to speed up prosecution of those against whom evidence existed .
in other moves to improve the government 's human rights record , babangida instructed the federal investigation and intelligence bureau to compile a list of people held under decree 2 of 1984 , which [let/allowed] detention for six months without trial , and to speed up prosecution of those against whom evidence existed .

Changes to Decree 2 were announced on Jan. 25 , 1990 , reducing the period of detention permitted to six weeks and restricting the power of signing a detention order to the Chief of General Staff ( previously , the inspector-general of police and Internal Affairs Minister had also been able to sign detention orders ) .
changes to decree 2 were announced on jan. 25 , 1990 , reducing the period of detention [let/allowed] to six weeks and restricting the power of signing a detention order to the chief of general staff ( previously , the inspector-general of police and internal affairs minister had also been able to sign detention orders ) .

Majority foreign ownership was not permitted under Argentinian law , and the fact that the Iberia stake had now come so close to the maximum threshold , was seen as imperilling the whole privatization process .
majority foreign ownership was not [let/allowed] under argentinian law , and the fact that the iberia stake had now come so close to the maximum threshold , was seen as imperilling the whole privatization process .

On March 1 an emergency session of the Palermo Court of Appeal was followed by the passing of a Cabinet decree to close the legal loophole which had permitted the releases .
on march 1 an emergency session of the palermo court of appeal was followed by the passing of a cabinet decree to close the legal loophole which had [let/allowed] the releases .

For the first time 18- and 19-year-olds were permitted to vote in national parliamentary elections [ see p. 38110 ] .
for the first time 18- and 19-year-olds were [let/allowed] to vote in national parliamentary elections [ see p. 38110 ] .

Demirel was permitted 45 days in which to form a new administration , failing which President Turgut Özal would have the option of calling a fresh election .
demirel was [let/allowed] 45 days in which to form a new administration , failing which president turgut özal would have the option of calling a fresh election .

Iraq , which had been barred from exporting oil since its invasion of Kuwait in August 1990 , was permitted to attend the sixth ministerial meeting .
iraq , which had been barred from exporting oil since its invasion of kuwait in august 1990 , was [let/allowed] to attend the sixth ministerial meeting .

In the case of United States v. Williams the Court decided that federal prosecutors were permitted to withhold exculpatory evidence — material favourable to the defendant — from a grand jury .
in the case of united states v. williams the court decided that federal prosecutors were [let/allowed] to withhold exculpatory evidence — material favourable to the defendant — from a grand jury .

Aung San Suu Kyi , the country 's main opposition figure who had been under house arrest since mid-1989 , was permitted a visit by her husband , Michael Aris , and two sons during May .
aung san suu kyi , the country 's main opposition figure who had been under house arrest since mid-1989 , was [let/allowed] a visit by her husband , michael aris , and two sons during may .

Alternative service was now permitted , and the ex-Soviet term of 24 months was reduced to 18 .
alternative service was now [let/allowed] , and the ex-soviet term of 24 months was reduced to 18 .

In the first three months of 1992 , some 48,000 people seeking asylum from the war in the former Yugoslavia had already been permitted to come to Germany .
in the first three months of 1992 , some 48,000 people seeking asylum from the war in the former yugoslavia had already been [let/allowed] to come to germany .

The agricultural reform , on which a constitutional amendment was tabled on Nov. 7 , put an end to the land distribution programme begun after the 1910-20 revolution , allowed private companies to buy agricultural land and form associations with co-operative farmers ( ejidatarios ) , and permitted the farmers , who currently had only the use of their plots , to own and dispose of them as they wished and , with the approval of their co-operative , to form joint ventures with private investors .
the agricultural reform , on which a constitutional amendment was tabled on nov. 7 , put an end to the land distribution programme begun after the 1910-20 revolution , allowed private companies to buy agricultural land and form associations with co-operative farmers ( ejidatarios ) , and [let/allowed] the farmers , who currently had only the use of their plots , to own and dispose of them as they wished and , with the approval of their co-operative , to form joint ventures with private investors .

Red Cross workers were banned from the military hospital where the wounded were being treated until interrogations were completed ; on Nov. 24 they were permitted to speak to the 89 wounded , but a request for private interviews with 47 other detainees was refused .
red cross workers were banned from the military hospital where the wounded were being treated until interrogations were completed ; on nov. 24 they were [let/allowed] to speak to the 89 wounded , but a request for private interviews with 47 other detainees was refused .

However , publication of records by the press would be only be permitted if authorized by the commission which had been set up to administer the files .
however , publication of records by the press would be only be [let/allowed] if authorized by the commission which had been set up to administer the files .

He said that permitted grain imports since March had totalled only 100,000 tonnes , half the normal monthly grain requirements , and `` only 15 per cent of our people can afford to buy food on the free market `` .
he said that [let/allowed] grain imports since march had totalled only 100,000 tonnes , half the normal monthly grain requirements , and `` only 15 per cent of our people can afford to buy food on the free market `` .

Chief among those released was Fang Lizhi , who was permitted to leave his shelter in the United States embassy in Beijing to travel to the United Kingdom .
chief among those released was fang lizhi , who was [let/allowed] to leave his shelter in the united states embassy in beijing to travel to the united kingdom .

It also suggested that he would be permitted to remain as leader until the completion of his first term in October 1991 , and would possibly achieve a second two-year term .
it also suggested that he would be [let/allowed] to remain as leader until the completion of his first term in october 1991 , and would possibly achieve a second two-year term .

Under the terms of the pact Taiwan was permitted to operate 20 fishing vessels within Kiribati 's economic zone in return for annual payments of $ 250,000 .
under the terms of the pact taiwan was [let/allowed] to operate 20 fishing vessels within kiribati 's economic zone in return for annual payments of $ 250,000 .

In the absence of a new constitution , however , this was still not permitted , and Fujimori subsequently made it known that Gúzman would be sentenced to perpetual imprisonment on Oct. 17 by a military court ; this sentence , he said , would be confirmed by the Supreme Military Justice Council on Oct. 27 .
in the absence of a new constitution , however , this was still not [let/allowed] , and fujimori subsequently made it known that gúzman would be sentenced to perpetual imprisonment on oct. 17 by a military court ; this sentence , he said , would be confirmed by the supreme military justice council on oct. 27 .

Taiwanese and Chinese banks would be permitted to deal with each other , through overseas offices .
taiwanese and chinese banks would be [let/allowed] to deal with each other , through overseas offices .

Iran was reported on Nov. 13 to have permitted foreign residents to return to the island of Abu Musa , possession of which had been in dispute since mid-April when Iranian troops took over civilian installations [ see pp. 38887 ; 39116 ; 39165 ] .
iran was reported on nov. 13 to have [let/allowed] foreign residents to return to the island of abu musa , possession of which had been in dispute since mid-april when iranian troops took over civilian installations [ see pp. 38887 ; 39116 ; 39165 ] .

Instead , he announced the appointment of an ombudsman to mediate between the public and the civil service , promised that proposals for democracy would be considered soon , and said that the opposition would be permitted to run in legislative elections expected in April 1994 .
instead , he announced the appointment of an ombudsman to mediate between the public and the civil service , promised that proposals for democracy would be considered soon , and said that the opposition would be [let/allowed] to run in legislative elections expected in april 1994 .

Kuwait , which had insisted on a quota of 1,750,000 bpd , agreed to limit output to 1,500,000 bpd on the understanding that it would increase production when market conditions and prices permitted .
kuwait , which had insisted on a quota of 1,750,000 bpd , agreed to limit output to 1,500,000 bpd on the understanding that it would increase production when market conditions and prices [let/allowed] .

The Treaty also permitted " declared site inspections " ( i.e. of sites where treaty-limited weapons were declared to be held ) , and some " challenge inspections " , especially in the first 120 days , although inspections would continue after that period .
the treaty also [let/allowed] " declared site inspections " ( i.e. of sites where treaty-limited weapons were declared to be held ) , and some " challenge inspections " , especially in the first 120 days , although inspections would continue after that period .

Gandhi 's pledge of " outside " support permitted President Venkataraman on Nov. 10 to appoint Chandra Shekhar and Devi Lal as Prime Minister and Deputy Prime Minister respectively .
gandhi 's pledge of " outside " support [let/allowed] president venkataraman on nov. 10 to appoint chandra shekhar and devi lal as prime minister and deputy prime minister respectively .

The argument , which was accepted by the Democrats , reasoned that as the territories ' representatives were permitted to vote in legislative committees they should , therefore , be entitled to vote in the committee of the whole .
the argument , which was accepted by the democrats , reasoned that as the territories ' representatives were [let/allowed] to vote in legislative committees they should , therefore , be entitled to vote in the committee of the whole .

Approved by 193 votes to 39 with 33 abstentions , the new law permitted a termination during the first 12 weeks of a pregnancy which was the result of rape or which endangered the life of the mother , if the foetus was malformed , or if the pregnancy would cause a `` psychological crisis `` or a `` social problem `` .
approved by 193 votes to 39 with 33 abstentions , the new law [let/allowed] a termination during the first 12 weeks of a pregnancy which was the result of rape or which endangered the life of the mother , if the foetus was malformed , or if the pregnancy would cause a `` psychological crisis `` or a `` social problem `` .

With the opposition boycott of legislative elections in March 1992 [ see p. 38802 ] and updating of the electoral register permitted only between January and March of any year , several opposition parties had failed to register some 1 , 500,000 of their supporters .
with the opposition boycott of legislative elections in march 1992 [ see p. 38802 ] and updating of the electoral register [let/allowed] only between january and march of any year , several opposition parties had failed to register some 1 , 500,000 of their supporters .

Henceforth , no Legco member , either appointed or elected , would be permitted to sit on Exco , the body which served as a quasi-Cabinet .
henceforth , no legco member , either appointed or elected , would be [let/allowed] to sit on exco , the body which served as a quasi-cabinet .

Of these , the 30,000 who were still capable of resistance at the time of the ceasefire were to be allowed to return to Baghdad through the encircling allied forces although they were not to be permitted to take their remaining 700 or so tanks .
of these , the 30,000 who were still capable of resistance at the time of the ceasefire were to be allowed to return to baghdad through the encircling allied forces although they were not to be [let/allowed] to take their remaining 700 or so tanks .

They were permitted to be members of political parties or movements .
they were [let/allowed] to be members of political parties or movements .

In the legislative elections held in May 1986 , up to five APC-approved candidates were permitted to contest each seat .
in the legislative elections held in may 1986 , up to five apc-approved candidates were [let/allowed] to contest each seat .

The Federal Assembly was last elected in March 1987 , when all seats were declared won by candidates of the then sole legal party , Udzima , although opposition candidates were permitted to stand .
the federal assembly was last elected in march 1987 , when all seats were declared won by candidates of the then sole legal party , udzima , although opposition candidates were [let/allowed] to stand .

Capital spending is rigorously controlled , and in general this has permitted a cautious approach to the adoption and dissemination of new expensive technologies ( Stocking 1988 ) .
capital spending is rigorously controlled , and in general this has [let/allowed] a cautious approach to the adoption and dissemination of new expensive technologies ( stocking 1988 ) .

Ideally , if finance permitted , there would be a site visit , or perhaps several visits for every history topic .
ideally , if finance [let/allowed] , there would be a site visit , or perhaps several visits for every history topic .

Thus , while legal ownership was permitted and protected by the law , it was subject to an overall social orientation .
thus , while legal ownership was [let/allowed] and protected by the law , it was subject to an overall social orientation .

Under such leases , the builder/developer would be responsible for erecting a building or a number of buildings upon a particular site , and detailed provision might be made for the manner of their construction and continuing maintenance , even down to the type of subsequent letting of the buildings which was to be permitted .
under such leases , the builder/developer would be responsible for erecting a building or a number of buildings upon a particular site , and detailed provision might be made for the manner of their construction and continuing maintenance , even down to the type of subsequent letting of the buildings which was to be [let/allowed] .

In Lawrence , when an Italian student permitted the taxi-driver to take money in excess of the correct fare , was not the driver doing what he was expressly or impliedly authorised to do ?
in lawrence , when an italian student [let/allowed] the taxi-driver to take money in excess of the correct fare , was not the driver doing what he was expressly or impliedly authorised to do ?

Covered by the actus reus are the unauthorised use of a photocopier or the employer 's phone for private calls , unless impliedly permitted .
covered by the actus reus are the unauthorised use of a photocopier or the employer 's phone for private calls , unless impliedly [let/allowed] .

Permitted demands with menaces .
[let/allowed] demands with menaces .

talking to a teacher ) , what this means is that in a `` Patois `` situation , it is permitted to use Creole at certain times .
talking to a teacher ) , what this means is that in a `` patois `` situation , it is [let/allowed] to use creole at certain times .

Thus even in a situation where Creole is permitted , none may in fact be spoken — or if it is , it may be limited to ritualised tokens such as the tags man , guy and star , which , though they lie within the boundaries of the folk concept `` Patois `` are best seen as part of the language of black-influenced youth culture .
thus even in a situation where creole is [let/allowed] , none may in fact be spoken — or if it is , it may be limited to ritualised tokens such as the tags man , guy and star , which , though they lie within the boundaries of the folk concept `` patois `` are best seen as part of the language of black-influenced youth culture .

The duty is in s. 2 ( 2 ) of the Act : The common duty of care is a duty to take such care as in all the circumstances of the case is reasonable to see that the visitor will be reasonably safe in using the premises for the purposes for which he is invited or permitted to be there .
the duty is in s. 2 ( 2 ) of the act : the common duty of care is a duty to take such care as in all the circumstances of the case is reasonable to see that the visitor will be reasonably safe in using the premises for the purposes for which he is invited or [let/allowed] to be there .

This is a duty to take reasonable care for the visitor 's safety for the purposes for which he was permitted to be there .
this is a duty to take reasonable care for the visitor 's safety for the purposes for which he was [let/allowed] to be there .

And in spite of the compromise , five-sixths of the 30,000 Vichy troops in Syria and Lebanon were permitted to return to France and thereby lost to Free France .
and in spite of the compromise , five-sixths of the 30,000 vichy troops in syria and lebanon were [let/allowed] to return to france and thereby lost to free france .

Nobody inside the movement was permitted to acquire enough power or a high enough profile to challenge de Gaulle successfully .
nobody inside the movement was [let/allowed] to acquire enough power or a high enough profile to challenge de gaulle successfully .

De Gaulle was incensed , ordered Massu 's recall to Paris , and , against the advice of several senior advisers , insisted that Massu should not be permitted to return to his command .
de gaulle was incensed , ordered massu 's recall to paris , and , against the advice of several senior advisers , insisted that massu should not be [let/allowed] to return to his command .

( 4 ) ( a ) Where a member of a recognised body dies the recognised body shall ensure that any shares registered in his name at the time of his death are within twelve months of his death registered in the name of a solicitor or a recognised body or ( where permitted by paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) ( i ) of this Rule ) a registered foreign lawyer or ( where the recognised body is a company limited by shares ) are acquired by the recognised body itself .
( 4 ) ( a ) where a member of a recognised body dies the recognised body shall ensure that any shares registered in his name at the time of his death are within twelve months of his death registered in the name of a solicitor or a recognised body or ( where [let/allowed] by paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) ( i ) of this rule ) a registered foreign lawyer or ( where the recognised body is a company limited by shares ) are acquired by the recognised body itself .

( ii ) the solicitor , as the employee of a non-solicitor , does work permitted by virtue of Rule 4 of these rules .
( ii ) the solicitor , as the employee of a non-solicitor , does work [let/allowed] by virtue of rule 4 of these rules .

Solicitors may set up a corporate practice to practice solely outside England and Wales provided that ( a ) this is permitted by local law , ( b ) all the directors and shareholders are solicitors , lawyers of another jurisdiction or members of the Bar of England and Wales acting in accordance with the Overseas Practice Rules of the Bar and ( c ) the practice complies with the Overseas Practice Rules ; but such a company could not practice in England and Wales .
solicitors may set up a corporate practice to practice solely outside england and wales provided that ( a ) this is [let/allowed] by local law , ( b ) all the directors and shareholders are solicitors , lawyers of another jurisdiction or members of the bar of england and wales acting in accordance with the overseas practice rules of the bar and ( c ) the practice complies with the overseas practice rules ; but such a company could not practice in england and wales .

( 4 ) ( a ) Where a member of a recognised body dies the recognised body shall ensure that any shares registered in his name at the time of his death are within twelve months of his death registered in the name of a solicitor or a recognised body or ( where permitted by paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) ( i ) of this Rule ) a registered foreign lawyer or ( where the recognised body is a company limited by shares ) are acquired by the recognised body itself .
( 4 ) ( a ) where a member of a recognised body dies the recognised body shall ensure that any shares registered in his name at the time of his death are within twelve months of his death registered in the name of a solicitor or a recognised body or ( where [let/allowed] by paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) ( i ) of this rule ) a registered foreign lawyer or ( where the recognised body is a company limited by shares ) are acquired by the recognised body itself .

In fact Gilbert 's Act of 1782 , remembered mostly as one which permitted parishes to unite for Poor Law purposes without undergoing the expensive process of incorporating through a private act of parliament , was equally significant in its effective sanctioning of the subsidising of wages from the poor rates for the able-bodied who were to be removed from workhouses and found work .
in fact gilbert 's act of 1782 , remembered mostly as one which [let/allowed] parishes to unite for poor law purposes without undergoing the expensive process of incorporating through a private act of parliament , was equally significant in its effective sanctioning of the subsidising of wages from the poor rates for the able-bodied who were to be removed from workhouses and found work .

Finally , the Chart parser permitted the implementation ( both in serial and in parallel ) of different rule systems , and the evaluation of strategies for using these rule systems .
finally , the chart parser [let/allowed] the implementation ( both in serial and in parallel ) of different rule systems , and the evaluation of strategies for using these rule systems .

The Act contains a great many exceptions called the `` permitted acts `` , for example , fair-dealing for research or private study or for criticism , review or news reporting .
the act contains a great many exceptions called the `` [let/allowed] acts `` , for example , fair-dealing for research or private study or for criticism , review or news reporting .

If back-up copies are permitted under any licence agreement , the number of back-up copies made should not exceed that agreed to .
if back-up copies are [let/allowed] under any licence agreement , the number of back-up copies made should not exceed that agreed to .

It is not hard to see how permission can be conceived as something which throws the action permitted into the future : one generally gets permission first and then performs the action permitted after .
it is not hard to see how permission can be conceived as something which throws the action [let/allowed] into the future : one generally gets permission first and then performs the action [let/allowed] after .

Permission is here conceived as existing already , even though that which is permitted might be carried out ten years from now , or never .
permission is here conceived as existing already , even though that which is [let/allowed] might be carried out ten years from now , or never .

The problem is to understand how permission can be represented by let as concurrent with the event permitted , as suggested by our hypothesis on the bare infinitive .
the problem is to understand how permission can be represented by let as concurrent with the event [let/allowed] , as suggested by our hypothesis on the bare infinitive .

As Cotte points out , allow and let evoke permission in different ways : the latter seems incapable of evoking the giving of permission without evoking at the same time the realization of the action permitted ( cf .
as cotte points out , allow and let evoke permission in different ways : the latter seems incapable of evoking the giving of permission without evoking at the same time the realization of the action [let/allowed] ( cf .

Indeed it has been seen in ( 212 ) above that allow can even evoke the existence of permission as a present state and leave the realization of the action permitted in the hypothetical future .
indeed it has been seen in ( 212 ) above that allow can even evoke the existence of permission as a present state and leave the realization of the action [let/allowed] in the hypothetical future .

This way of conceiving permission obviously makes the permitting inseparable from the realization of the action permitted , which is not the case with the verbs allow and permit .
this way of conceiving permission obviously makes the permitting inseparable from the realization of the action [let/allowed] , which is not the case with the verbs allow and permit .

as not obstructing the realization of the action permitted .
as not obstructing the realization of the action [let/allowed] .

as not obstructing the accomplishment of the event expressed by the infinitive , and so the letting can not be conceived as coming before the event permitted ( indeed one can not say that one has let someone do something until they have actually done it ) .
as not obstructing the accomplishment of the event expressed by the infinitive , and so the letting can not be conceived as coming before the event [let/allowed] ( indeed one can not say that one has let someone do something until they have actually done it ) .

Since the letting can not be conceived as existing before the event permitted gets under way , to is not used with let , just as it is not used with see because seeing can not be conceived as taking place before the first moment of the event seen .
since the letting can not be conceived as existing before the event [let/allowed] gets under way , to is not used with let , just as it is not used with see because seeing can not be conceived as taking place before the first moment of the event seen .

This situates the allowing or permitting before and the event permitted in the subsequence , thus calling for the use of to .
this situates the allowing or permitting before and the event [let/allowed] in the subsequence , thus calling for the use of to .

" That would not be permitted in Vienna . "
" that would not be [let/allowed] in vienna . "

" It 's not permitted here .
" it 's not [let/allowed] here .

The permitted whites are Riesling ; the aristocrat of all Gewürztraminer ; Tokay d'Alsace ( also known as Pinot Gris ) ; Muscat ; Pinot Blanc and Sylvaner .
the [let/allowed] whites are riesling ; the aristocrat of all gewürztraminer ; tokay d'alsace ( also known as pinot gris ) ; muscat ; pinot blanc and sylvaner .

There is a case for saying that Nietzsche 's relationships , though often intense , hardly ever permitted the degree of self-revelation , at least on his side , that true intimacy presupposes .
there is a case for saying that nietzsche 's relationships , though often intense , hardly ever [let/allowed] the degree of self-revelation , at least on his side , that true intimacy presupposes .

As far as human awareness is concerned , the two impulses manifest themselves in a strict relation : only so much Dionysiac experience is permitted to the individual consciousness as can be controlled by the Apolline and translated into its life-sustaining terms .
as far as human awareness is concerned , the two impulses manifest themselves in a strict relation : only so much dionysiac experience is [let/allowed] to the individual consciousness as can be controlled by the apolline and translated into its life-sustaining terms .

And the fact that having a baby and adjusting to motherhood are only permitted to cause a few days ' disruption must be a bad thing — when what mothers really need is adequate time to rest ( between feeds ) , plenty of boosts to their ego , lots of love and confidence building .
and the fact that having a baby and adjusting to motherhood are only [let/allowed] to cause a few days ' disruption must be a bad thing — when what mothers really need is adequate time to rest ( between feeds ) , plenty of boosts to their ego , lots of love and confidence building .

This method permitted the separate characterisation of acid and neutral ( food ) components of gastro-oesophageal reflux .
this method [let/allowed] the separate characterisation of acid and neutral ( food ) components of gastro-oesophageal reflux .

The subsequent biopsy of a lymphomatous pleural plaque , visible on previous radiographs , permitted the retrospective deduction of lymphoma at initial presentaton .
the subsequent biopsy of a lymphomatous pleural plaque , visible on previous radiographs , [let/allowed] the retrospective deduction of lymphoma at initial presentaton .

Development of successful primary culture techniques for mammalian cells , have permitted the study of basic molecular mechanisms governing physiological and pathological cellular processes .
development of successful primary culture techniques for mammalian cells , have [let/allowed] the study of basic molecular mechanisms governing physiological and pathological cellular processes .

Participating gastroenterologists were asked to enrol eligible duodenal ulcer patients consecutively but none was permitted to enrol more than seven patients since the aim was to recruit patients over a short a time period as possible while ensuring that they were also drawn from many different parts of the country .
participating gastroenterologists were asked to enrol eligible duodenal ulcer patients consecutively but none was [let/allowed] to enrol more than seven patients since the aim was to recruit patients over a short a time period as possible while ensuring that they were also drawn from many different parts of the country .

Smoking was permitted but the number and timing of cigaretteswere noted on a diary sheet and had to be similar on all study days .
smoking was [let/allowed] but the number and timing of cigaretteswere noted on a diary sheet and had to be similar on all study days .

( iii ) Persons shall not be permitted to stand or sit in any of the gangways intersecting the seating or to sit in any of the other gangways .
( iii ) persons shall not be [let/allowed] to stand or sit in any of the gangways intersecting the seating or to sit in any of the other gangways .

No drugs were permitted at least 48 hours beforehand and during the monitoring .
no drugs were [let/allowed] at least 48 hours beforehand and during the monitoring .

These animals were deprived of food for 24 hours before the start of experiment , but permitted of free access to drinking water .
these animals were deprived of food for 24 hours before the start of experiment , but [let/allowed] of free access to drinking water .

After lunch , she permitted herself to be steered from Langan 's Bistro by a tipsy Sir Ralph , who , as good as his word , interrupted their retreat by repeated introductions to the Great and the Good .
after lunch , she [let/allowed] herself to be steered from langan 's bistro by a tipsy sir ralph , who , as good as his word , interrupted their retreat by repeated introductions to the great and the good .

Short sales permitted ;
short sales [let/allowed] ;

The system of capital allowances is the system of depreciation permitted by the Inland Revenue in arriving at taxable earnings .
the system of capital allowances is the system of depreciation [let/allowed] by the inland revenue in arriving at taxable earnings .

This procedure permitted comparison between operations in the four countries and projects in the four countries .
this procedure [let/allowed] comparison between operations in the four countries and projects in the four countries .

Verbal communication is still the only medium permitted .
verbal communication is still the only medium [let/allowed] .

They will also be examining the Antarctic Minerals Convention , signed in May 1988 , which would have permitted controlled mining and oil exploration .
they will also be examining the antarctic minerals convention , signed in may 1988 , which would have [let/allowed] controlled mining and oil exploration .

There was colossal opposition to these developments at the planning stage , but local people 's views were generally ignored by the Tory administration of the day , who basically held the same values as the developers and permitted the schemes .
there was colossal opposition to these developments at the planning stage , but local people 's views were generally ignored by the tory administration of the day , who basically held the same values as the developers and [let/allowed] the schemes .

They also made illegal exactions in the name of cheminage , and in return permitted waste of the vert .
they also made illegal exactions in the name of cheminage , and in return [let/allowed] waste of the vert .

’ He was ‘ permitted to put in a long day 's work for his Master , and it can be truly said that he gave his best ’ .
’ he was ‘ [let/allowed] to put in a long day 's work for his master , and it can be truly said that he gave his best ’ .

Jackie collected union funds whenever the meagre wages permitted , Joy Prentice came to work every Monday with a swollen lip or a black eye , the wheel kept turning and the machines rattled backwards and forwards , backwards and forwards .
jackie collected union funds whenever the meagre wages [let/allowed] , joy prentice came to work every monday with a swollen lip or a black eye , the wheel kept turning and the machines rattled backwards and forwards , backwards and forwards .

There is , in fact , every indication that Karajan was acutely aware of the temper of the times , though to find evidence of this we do not go to the random rag-bag of recordings he was permitted to make in the early 1940s but to what he immediately turned his mind to with Legge in Vienna in 1947 : Strauss 's Metamorphosen , a recording , still , of unparalleled intensity , and the Brahms German Requiem , a performance ( it was said to be one of Toscanini , s favourite records ) of unbearable directness and poignancy of utterance .
there is , in fact , every indication that karajan was acutely aware of the temper of the times , though to find evidence of this we do not go to the random rag-bag of recordings he was [let/allowed] to make in the early 1940s but to what he immediately turned his mind to with legge in vienna in 1947 : strauss 's metamorphosen , a recording , still , of unparalleled intensity , and the brahms german requiem , a performance ( it was said to be one of toscanini , s favourite records ) of unbearable directness and poignancy of utterance .

Whether adjacency be permitted or not , the evolution of the series will be halted , or swamped in a black mass , unless earlier generations decline and make room for their successors .
whether adjacency be [let/allowed] or not , the evolution of the series will be halted , or swamped in a black mass , unless earlier generations decline and make room for their successors .

The length of the transition curve depends upon the total change of radius , the velocity of the engine and the permitted superelevation , bearing in mind that the cant must not be so great that if an engine is halted it will topple over .
the length of the transition curve depends upon the total change of radius , the velocity of the engine and the [let/allowed] superelevation , bearing in mind that the cant must not be so great that if an engine is halted it will topple over .

Bottom right : Six generations of a 1 , 1 , 3 , 5 series , multiple occupancy permitted , with reflectance from a normal boundary .
bottom right : six generations of a 1 , 1 , 3 , 5 series , multiple occupancy [let/allowed] , with reflectance from a normal boundary .

If they are permitted , four generations complete the introvert figure , left .
if they are [let/allowed] , four generations complete the introvert figure , left .

When adjacency and multiple occupation are permitted , the figure becomes extrovert , expansionist .
when adjacency and multiple occupation are [let/allowed] , the figure becomes extrovert , expansionist .

The great paintings of Europe since the Renaissance , even the major landscapes , have been conceived within a finite box , They are interiors , constrained by a rigid three dimensional matrix within which movement is permitted .
the great paintings of europe since the renaissance , even the major landscapes , have been conceived within a finite box , they are interiors , constrained by a rigid three dimensional matrix within which movement is [let/allowed] .

And to wait while another is brought up to join it ; and another ; and another ; until a monumental cluster of notes are permitted the final lunge into kinetic energy .
and to wait while another is brought up to join it ; and another ; and another ; until a monumental cluster of notes are [let/allowed] the final lunge into kinetic energy .

But for Ulster 's evangelical Protestants , Catholic schools were places in which soul-damning heresies were transmitted , and to visit them was to recognize that Catholicism was a permitted variant of the Christian church .
but for ulster 's evangelical protestants , catholic schools were places in which soul-damning heresies were transmitted , and to visit them was to recognize that catholicism was a [let/allowed] variant of the christian church .

‘ Are or are we not permitted to pay taxes to the Roman emperor ?
‘ are or are we not [let/allowed] to pay taxes to the roman emperor ?

Nevertheless , Libyans in Kufra and Ajdabiya resented the government 's attempts to secure social justice by altering the permitted range of economic activities , by changing the rules of participation in production and by introducing quantitative limits into the notion of property .
nevertheless , libyans in kufra and ajdabiya resented the government 's attempts to secure social justice by altering the [let/allowed] range of economic activities , by changing the rules of participation in production and by introducing quantitative limits into the notion of property .

There is a rule not only on the size of cars , but how many are permitted .
there is a rule not only on the size of cars , but how many are [let/allowed] .

Several admirable but narrow-banded supporters ' organisations rail and rattle at the iniquity of it all and occasionally they are even permitted to have a say at the distant end of a long table .
several admirable but narrow-banded supporters ' organisations rail and rattle at the iniquity of it all and occasionally they are even [let/allowed] to have a say at the distant end of a long table .

Their efforts were compensation for an earlier breakdown in discipline ( verbal only ) which permitted Strett to kick the first of his two penalty goals .
their efforts were compensation for an earlier breakdown in discipline ( verbal only ) which [let/allowed] strett to kick the first of his two penalty goals .

Other teacher organisations have strenuously opposed Government efforts to reduce the maximum marks permitted for coursework from 100 per cent to between 20 and 40 per cent .
other teacher organisations have strenuously opposed government efforts to reduce the maximum marks [let/allowed] for coursework from 100 per cent to between 20 and 40 per cent .

Defendants are permitted to prove their innocence to the extent of whatever accounts and receipts they may have , but case law has shown that it is impossible to prove that savings from wages are not the fruit of crime , being just money in the bank .
defendants are [let/allowed] to prove their innocence to the extent of whatever accounts and receipts they may have , but case law has shown that it is impossible to prove that savings from wages are not the fruit of crime , being just money in the bank .

They were also permitted to install seven replacements at half-time .
they were also [let/allowed] to install seven replacements at half-time .

Under its terms , exchange of information and materials was permitted solely to those countries that had made ‘ substantial progress ’ in the development of nuclear weapons .
under its terms , exchange of information and materials was [let/allowed] solely to those countries that had made ‘ substantial progress ’ in the development of nuclear weapons .

Plato wrote that the potentially subversive qualities of music were such that it would not be permitted in the perfect state .
plato wrote that the potentially subversive qualities of music were such that it would not be [let/allowed] in the perfect state .

Only boats under 20 tonnes will be permitted , and August and September will be a closed season .
only boats under 20 tonnes will be [let/allowed] , and august and september will be a closed season .

The highest rating was for the bottlenose dolphin , which had a mercury content as much as 130 times the maximum permitted level for human consumption ( 0.5 ppm ) .
the highest rating was for the bottlenose dolphin , which had a mercury content as much as 130 times the maximum [let/allowed] level for human consumption ( 0.5 ppm ) .

Clive Lloyd is one of the best-loved cricketers ever to walk on to a field , but after the relentless domination of his four-man pace attack there must have been many people who permitted themselves a smile at the news .
clive lloyd is one of the best-loved cricketers ever to walk on to a field , but after the relentless domination of his four-man pace attack there must have been many people who [let/allowed] themselves a smile at the news .

This self-confessedly wilful boy always contrived to have a great deal of his own way and seemed able to follow his bent whenever the weather permitted .
this self-confessedly wilful boy always contrived to have a great deal of his own way and seemed able to follow his bent whenever the weather [let/allowed] .

Batista was evil for Cuba , but in 1944 he permitted free elections and , after the opposition won , the governments were as democratic as in any western country .
batista was evil for cuba , but in 1944 he [let/allowed] free elections and , after the opposition won , the governments were as democratic as in any western country .

Visitors were allowed entry only in batches of 200 ; no sketches or notes were permitted on the premises ; future directors were obliged by her will to live in situ , on the fourth floor ( a rule which has been broken only by the present director ) .
visitors were allowed entry only in batches of 200 ; no sketches or notes were [let/allowed] on the premises ; future directors were obliged by her will to live in situ , on the fourth floor ( a rule which has been broken only by the present director ) .

For example , consumers have long railed against the way insurance companies are permitted to fix prices , allocate territories and to tie the provision of one service to the purchase of another .
for example , consumers have long railed against the way insurance companies are [let/allowed] to fix prices , allocate territories and to tie the provision of one service to the purchase of another .

Yet foreign ships are still not permitted to ply American ports , and most foreign airlines are forbidden to compete with American airlines on domestic routes .
yet foreign ships are still not [let/allowed] to ply american ports , and most foreign airlines are forbidden to compete with american airlines on domestic routes .

This differs from the Abbey National share allocation , where just one share allocation was permitted per saver , regardless of the number of accounts held .
this differs from the abbey national share allocation , where just one share allocation was [let/allowed] per saver , regardless of the number of accounts held .

( His fecklessness was on an appealingly grand scale : when he was made a yeoman of the guard , responsible for fire-fighting equipment , his negligence permitted the fire which burnt down the Houses of Parliament ) .
( his fecklessness was on an appealingly grand scale : when he was made a yeoman of the guard , responsible for fire-fighting equipment , his negligence [let/allowed] the fire which burnt down the houses of parliament ) .

She has been told that members of the Lords are permitted to use the facilities provided by the Commons — the bar , the library , etc — and trot up and down the Commons corridors .
she has been told that members of the lords are [let/allowed] to use the facilities provided by the commons — the bar , the library , etc — and trot up and down the commons corridors .

‘ The cup suits us in so many ways and at least it has permitted some stability and provided a focal point in the absence of a league challenge . ’
‘ the cup suits us in so many ways and at least it has [let/allowed] some stability and provided a focal point in the absence of a league challenge . ’

As well , he won a £4,500 wristwatch for his 66 , which will not count as a course record because lifting and placing was permitted on the rain soaked fairways .
as well , he won a £4,500 wristwatch for his 66 , which will not count as a course record because lifting and placing was [let/allowed] on the rain soaked fairways .

The lovely Polish mezzo Stefania Toczyska , who had three arias of her own , as well as joining Carreras in duets from Cavalleria Rusticana , Il Trovatore and Carmen , was also permitted a single encore before she quietly disappeared to leave him in sole charge .
the lovely polish mezzo stefania toczyska , who had three arias of her own , as well as joining carreras in duets from cavalleria rusticana , il trovatore and carmen , was also [let/allowed] a single encore before she quietly disappeared to leave him in sole charge .

Visitors are respectfully reminded that they are not permitted to feed any of the animals , this would spoil their carefully balanced diet .
visitors are respectfully reminded that they are not [let/allowed] to feed any of the animals , this would spoil their carefully balanced diet .

Bony fish , Lycoptera middendorfi , Cretaceous This little fish is preserved in a soft , pale grey shale Like many shale specimens it is flattened , but the still-water conditions under which the rock was deposited have permitted complete preservation of a delicate skeleton .
bony fish , lycoptera middendorfi , cretaceous this little fish is preserved in a soft , pale grey shale like many shale specimens it is flattened , but the still-water conditions under which the rock was deposited have [let/allowed] complete preservation of a delicate skeleton .

‘ In view of the long-standing nature of this infringement , ’ the Commission concluded that it could not ‘ accept that any further delay in remedying the infringement should be permitted . ’
‘ in view of the long-standing nature of this infringement , ’ the commission concluded that it could not ‘ accept that any further delay in remedying the infringement should be [let/allowed] . ’

Smith advised the manufacturers on how to reduce emissions to better than the 5 per cent permitted under the new Act .
smith advised the manufacturers on how to reduce emissions to better than the 5 per cent [let/allowed] under the new act .

The infamous Article 49.3 allows the government to declare a bill a matter of confidence , in which case no further debate on it is permitted and the bill is automatically adopted unless a motion of no confidence is tabled and passed within two days .
the infamous article 49.3 allows the government to declare a bill a matter of confidence , in which case no further debate on it is [let/allowed] and the bill is automatically adopted unless a motion of no confidence is tabled and passed within two days .

Exposure — Bodily injury includes exposure resulting from misfortune by any aircraft or other conveyance where travel is permitted in which the Insured Person is travelling .
exposure — bodily injury includes exposure resulting from misfortune by any aircraft or other conveyance where travel is [let/allowed] in which the insured person is travelling .

We will issue factories and power stations with licences setting a ceiling on permitted emissions of pollutants such as sulphur dioxide .
we will issue factories and power stations with licences setting a ceiling on [let/allowed] emissions of pollutants such as sulphur dioxide .

We will issue factories and power stations with licences setting a ceiling on permitted emissions of pollutants .
we will issue factories and power stations with licences setting a ceiling on [let/allowed] emissions of pollutants .

The Tory government contributed to proliferation when it permitted the supply of nuclear weapons material to Saddam Hussein .
the tory government contributed to proliferation when it [let/allowed] the supply of nuclear weapons material to saddam hussein .

Travel abroad for middle-class young people before student age was relatively uncommon up until the war , and during hostilities only service personnel and those on official government business were permitted to leave these shores .
travel abroad for middle-class young people before student age was relatively uncommon up until the war , and during hostilities only service personnel and those on official government business were [let/allowed] to leave these shores .

But by 1923 , however , the first hint of the car parking problem of the future is indicated , for the Committee permitted the parking of cars on the half-moon of grass which then fronted the main road between the present entrance and exit points .
but by 1923 , however , the first hint of the car parking problem of the future is indicated , for the committee [let/allowed] the parking of cars on the half-moon of grass which then fronted the main road between the present entrance and exit points .

It is presumed to have taken place and been carried , for by the next Minutes in 1920 , caddies were certainly permitted on a Sunday .
it is presumed to have taken place and been carried , for by the next minutes in 1920 , caddies were certainly [let/allowed] on a sunday .

( Four who were not ‘ true ’ members were given notice , but would be permitted to join the main Club , ‘ if elected ’ ) .
( four who were not ‘ true ’ members were given notice , but would be [let/allowed] to join the main club , ‘ if elected ’ ) .

They are registered with the English Golf Union and play regular fixtures at Mill Hill and Highgate in addition to Henley where they feel particularly welcomed and privileged by being permitted to play on a Sunday .
they are registered with the english golf union and play regular fixtures at mill hill and highgate in addition to henley where they feel particularly welcomed and privileged by being [let/allowed] to play on a sunday .

But what does matter is that relegation of drama to the same order of non-seriousness as game , revellings and disportings , permitted an ‘ it 's only a game ’ attitude — both dismissive and tolerant — to creep in .
but what does matter is that relegation of drama to the same order of non-seriousness as game , revellings and disportings , [let/allowed] an ‘ it 's only a game ’ attitude — both dismissive and tolerant — to creep in .

Within the permitted development rules for home extensions , this means no permission is needed , so long as adding the garage does n't result in the volume of the house being increased by more than the permitted development allowance .
within the [let/allowed] development rules for home extensions , this means no permission is needed , so long as adding the garage does n't result in the volume of the house being increased by more than the [let/allowed] development allowance .

For example , listed buildings , properties within a Conservation Area , a National Park , an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty , the Norfolk and Suffolk Broads , or those protected by a deed of covenant , may not be permitted any change to the roof line .
for example , listed buildings , properties within a conservation area , a national park , an area of outstanding natural beauty , the norfolk and suffolk broads , or those protected by a deed of covenant , may not be [let/allowed] any change to the roof line .

This proposal will give the Directors the flexibility in future to make relatively routine changes to the schemes and the Directors intend initially to use this authority to incorporate the power to allow option holders , with the agreement of any acquiring company , to exchange their options over shares in the Company for options over the shares of that company ( or another company in the same group ) as permitted by statute since 1987 .
this proposal will give the directors the flexibility in future to make relatively routine changes to the schemes and the directors intend initially to use this authority to incorporate the power to allow option holders , with the agreement of any acquiring company , to exchange their options over shares in the company for options over the shares of that company ( or another company in the same group ) as [let/allowed] by statute since 1987 .

The use of such card will be permitted on the assumption that the person initiating any transaction on the joint account is doing so with the authority and consent of the other account holder ( s ) .
the use of such card will be [let/allowed] on the assumption that the person initiating any transaction on the joint account is doing so with the authority and consent of the other account holder ( s ) .

At its lowest , it can be the infliction of abuse on all these levels — and this may apply even if the sex is permitted .
at its lowest , it can be the infliction of abuse on all these levels — and this may apply even if the sex is [let/allowed] .

The bulk of the blame for all that is placed on British Rail , which knowingly permitted these things to continue .
the bulk of the blame for all that is placed on british rail , which knowingly [let/allowed] these things to continue .

‘ It is clear that the extensions to permitted opening hours have not led to a marked increase in overall consumption , ’ the report concluded .
‘ it is clear that the extensions to [let/allowed] opening hours have not led to a marked increase in overall consumption , ’ the report concluded .

Only two outsiders are permitted to eat from the kitchen — the governor , who has to sample one meal every day to be able to answer any complaints the following day , and the doctor , who tastes the food two or three times a week to ensure that it is balanced and nutritious .
only two outsiders are [let/allowed] to eat from the kitchen — the governor , who has to sample one meal every day to be able to answer any complaints the following day , and the doctor , who tastes the food two or three times a week to ensure that it is balanced and nutritious .

Parliament should give fresh thought to enacting a provision placing an obligation upon a council tenant to give notice to the council before being permitted to commence proceedings .
parliament should give fresh thought to enacting a provision placing an obligation upon a council tenant to give notice to the council before being [let/allowed] to commence proceedings .

‘ Three persons are permitted , Sergeant , ’ Wexford said , hoping his now very real trepidation did n't show .
‘ three persons are [let/allowed] , sergeant , ’ wexford said , hoping his now very real trepidation did n't show .

While the rest of America has to make do with a fridge full of beer and a chair at screen-side , the two participating cities are permitted a temporary suspension of reason for this the first Bay Bridge Series .
while the rest of america has to make do with a fridge full of beer and a chair at screen-side , the two participating cities are [let/allowed] a temporary suspension of reason for this the first bay bridge series .

It implies that the Prime Minister has permitted him the freedom ‘ to take whatever action is needed ’ in the past .
it implies that the prime minister has [let/allowed] him the freedom ‘ to take whatever action is needed ’ in the past .

The fundamental issue behind the arguments that will be heard is that the nuns are not permitted to see the results of the Ministry of Agriculture tests confirming the presence of infection .
the fundamental issue behind the arguments that will be heard is that the nuns are not [let/allowed] to see the results of the ministry of agriculture tests confirming the presence of infection .

The removal of organs for transplantation is permitted either if the deceased person has previously indicated in writing his willingness to be a donor , for example by signing an organ donor card , or if , when enquiries are made of the surviving relatives , no objections are raised .
the removal of organs for transplantation is [let/allowed] either if the deceased person has previously indicated in writing his willingness to be a donor , for example by signing an organ donor card , or if , when enquiries are made of the surviving relatives , no objections are raised .

If towing is permitted with only a wing-tip man , it is vital that the pilots all recognise that this is only safe if the ground is more or less level and the wind is very light .
if towing is [let/allowed] with only a wing-tip man , it is vital that the pilots all recognise that this is only safe if the ground is more or less level and the wind is very light .

Coloured gis , black edging , or stripes are not normally permitted .
coloured gis , black edging , or stripes are not normally [let/allowed] .

Check beforehand if you intend to wear a badge because , if the rules are being strictly interpreted , only a single national or association badge will be permitted .
check beforehand if you intend to wear a badge because , if the rules are being strictly interpreted , only a single national or association badge will be [let/allowed] .

O'Carroll sees such positions exemplified by the protagonists ' refusal to accept that certain therapeutic abortions already permitted in Ireland were actually abortions and by their predictions of social chaos should they fail in their fight : ‘ Hence phrases such as ‘ the opening of the floodgates ’ , ‘ the thin end of the wedge ’ , ‘ the slippery slope ’ , ‘ the permissive society ’ , and ‘ the abortion mentality ’ ’ ( 1983 : 12 ) .
o'carroll sees such positions exemplified by the protagonists ' refusal to accept that certain therapeutic abortions already [let/allowed] in ireland were actually abortions and by their predictions of social chaos should they fail in their fight : ‘ hence phrases such as ‘ the opening of the floodgates ’ , ‘ the thin end of the wedge ’ , ‘ the slippery slope ’ , ‘ the permissive society ’ , and ‘ the abortion mentality ’ ’ ( 1983 : 12 ) .

The two changes which took place in law and constitution before 1980 were at least permitted by the clerical church in that it agreed with the abolition of the special position of the Roman catholic church , and did not oppose the limited introduction of contraceptives .
the two changes which took place in law and constitution before 1980 were at least [let/allowed] by the clerical church in that it agreed with the abolition of the special position of the roman catholic church , and did not oppose the limited introduction of contraceptives .

It asked the participants to stop haggling in public and permitted each bishop to take a decision either way for his own diocese ( Murphy 1959 ) .
it asked the participants to stop haggling in public and [let/allowed] each bishop to take a decision either way for his own diocese ( murphy 1959 ) .

Suspected torturers are permitted under the new law to continue to interrogate detainees while charges against them are outstanding .
suspected torturers are [let/allowed] under the new law to continue to interrogate detainees while charges against them are outstanding .

Ralph strives to address ‘ the high heid yins of Russia ’ to solicit news of the family , and receives his letter back from the Embassy in London , stamped : ‘ Communication not permitted .
ralph strives to address ‘ the high heid yins of russia ’ to solicit news of the family , and receives his letter back from the embassy in london , stamped : ‘ communication not [let/allowed] .

But the raconteurs of the extra-literary world are permitted to shape and turn the speech of the characters in their stories , and to play the pervasive evident author .
but the raconteurs of the extra-literary world are [let/allowed] to shape and turn the speech of the characters in their stories , and to play the pervasive evident author .

At Omsk he was not permitted to photograph the station because its front had been removed .
at omsk he was not [let/allowed] to photograph the station because its front had been removed .

Temple had opposed Baldwin 's Act in 1936 — on the grounds that it permitted exemptions to the raising of the school-leaving age , planned for 1939 — and had been deeply influenced by his undergraduate friends , Tawney and Beveridge .
temple had opposed baldwin 's act in 1936 — on the grounds that it [let/allowed] exemptions to the raising of the school-leaving age , planned for 1939 — and had been deeply influenced by his undergraduate friends , tawney and beveridge .

The Bank conservation area is arguably the most sensitive conservation area in the country in terms of the colossal pressures on it , and the implications for listed buildings and conservation areas everywhere — should demolition be permitted — are extremely worrying .
the bank conservation area is arguably the most sensitive conservation area in the country in terms of the colossal pressures on it , and the implications for listed buildings and conservation areas everywhere — should demolition be [let/allowed] — are extremely worrying .

Yet ironically , very often the hospitals provide a density of building on a particular site that would not be permitted by planners nowadays .
yet ironically , very often the hospitals provide a density of building on a particular site that would not be [let/allowed] by planners nowadays .

When publication was permitted , the principal findings were summarized by Gilman and Philips .
when publication was [let/allowed] , the principal findings were summarized by gilman and philips .

After 1968 , no new artistic movements were permitted , and groups of artists or intellectuals meeting in cafes became the subject of suspicion .
after 1968 , no new artistic movements were [let/allowed] , and groups of artists or intellectuals meeting in cafes became the subject of suspicion .

It was n't just that copies of knitting patterns in a popular British magazine were regarded as subersive , or even that the border guards had strict rules about the permitted length of visitors ' hair .
it was n't just that copies of knitting patterns in a popular british magazine were regarded as subersive , or even that the border guards had strict rules about the [let/allowed] length of visitors ' hair .

The artful honesty of this novel 's conclusion — with Eupolis impelled towards a moment of self-knowledge which he is not quite permitted to understand — certainly makes the book stand out .
the artful honesty of this novel 's conclusion — with eupolis impelled towards a moment of self-knowledge which he is not quite [let/allowed] to understand — certainly makes the book stand out .

Motorists are only permitted two Sunday outings a month .
motorists are only [let/allowed] two sunday outings a month .

South African authorities have for the first time permitted Mr Nelson Mandela to talk by telephone with exiled leaders of the African National Congress from the prison where he is held near Cape Town .
south african authorities have for the first time [let/allowed] mr nelson mandela to talk by telephone with exiled leaders of the african national congress from the prison where he is held near cape town .

It was not the boat aspect of his idea , rowing boats are permitted on the lake , but some of the club members are saying echo sounders are unsporting .
it was not the boat aspect of his idea , rowing boats are [let/allowed] on the lake , but some of the club members are saying echo sounders are unsporting .

At some meetings during the twenties and thirties unofficial Roman Catholic observers were permitted .
at some meetings during the twenties and thirties unofficial roman catholic observers were [let/allowed] .

Lower trade barriers permitted their development , and Japanese government restrictions on overseas investment encouraged companies that treated markets on a global basis and benefitted from economies of scale .
lower trade barriers [let/allowed] their development , and japanese government restrictions on overseas investment encouraged companies that treated markets on a global basis and benefitted from economies of scale .

Whereas Levitt takes the view that the low prices permitted by scale economies in production offer the key to global marketing success , Quelch and Hoff suggest that the driving factor in global marketing should be the efficient worldwide use of good marketing ideas .
whereas levitt takes the view that the low prices [let/allowed] by scale economies in production offer the key to global marketing success , quelch and hoff suggest that the driving factor in global marketing should be the efficient worldwide use of good marketing ideas .

Once permitted and enabled ( chiefly by virtue of legal aid ) to petition for divorce , women have done so in ever-increasing numbers .
once [let/allowed] and enabled ( chiefly by virtue of legal aid ) to petition for divorce , women have done so in ever-increasing numbers .

The bride 's parents are by tradition not permitted to accept the hospitality of her in-laws .
the bride 's parents are by tradition not [let/allowed] to accept the hospitality of her in-laws .

It is a paradox upon which a Tory may perhaps be permitted one parting reflexion .
it is a paradox upon which a tory may perhaps be [let/allowed] one parting reflexion .

An earlier load had been passed on to him , but this was no longer permitted .
an earlier load had been passed on to him , but this was no longer [let/allowed] .

In the sphere of art the range of subjects and genres permitted by the church was extremely narrow , only in fact religious paintings and portraits .
in the sphere of art the range of subjects and genres [let/allowed] by the church was extremely narrow , only in fact religious paintings and portraits .

if he permitted African businessmen to grow [ they ] will grow to the extent of becoming a rival power to his and the party 's prestige , and he would do anything to stop it .
if he [let/allowed] african businessmen to grow [ they ] will grow to the extent of becoming a rival power to his and the party 's prestige , and he would do anything to stop it .

One useful change has been the restoring of parity of permitted hours for clubs opening with those enjoyed by public houses .
one useful change has been the restoring of parity of [let/allowed] hours for clubs opening with those enjoyed by public houses .

Professionalism was the limited form through which amateurs permitted market forces to enter the world of sport .
professionalism was the limited form through which amateurs [let/allowed] market forces to enter the world of sport .

Of those sports where payment was permitted , there was little concession to the creation of a free market .
of those sports where payment was [let/allowed] , there was little concession to the creation of a free market .

But the technology that permitted the almost immediate availability of match results and reports meant that sport came to occupy a larger place in the daily national press .
but the technology that [let/allowed] the almost immediate availability of match results and reports meant that sport came to occupy a larger place in the daily national press .

The Fates that are so careful to shut the doors of each successive life behind us had , in this case , been neglectful , and Charlie was looking , though that he did not know , where never man had been permitted to look with full knowledge since Time began .
the fates that are so careful to shut the doors of each successive life behind us had , in this case , been neglectful , and charlie was looking , though that he did not know , where never man had been [let/allowed] to look with full knowledge since time began .

The Heath government had taken statutory controls over prices , incomes , and dividends and its 1972 Industry Act permitted large-scale state intervention in industry .
the heath government had taken statutory controls over prices , incomes , and dividends and its 1972 industry act [let/allowed] large-scale state intervention in industry .

Or , alternatively , homosexuality might be called upon to loosen the rigid gender identities within heterosexuality : men are permitted a ‘ feminine ’ component and ( though less oft en ) women a ‘ masculine ’ one .
or , alternatively , homosexuality might be called upon to loosen the rigid gender identities within heterosexuality : men are [let/allowed] a ‘ feminine ’ component and ( though less oft en ) women a ‘ masculine ’ one .

The frantic whirl of the outer sections framed a warm and full-blooded Andantino with some clear woodwind playing , while the well-handled lowering of dynamic in the final pages permitted an exhilarating ascent to Lyapunov 's noisy ending .
the frantic whirl of the outer sections framed a warm and full-blooded andantino with some clear woodwind playing , while the well-handled lowering of dynamic in the final pages [let/allowed] an exhilarating ascent to lyapunov 's noisy ending .

The maximum permitted enrolment was thirty-two students and written work was an explicit expectation .
the maximum [let/allowed] enrolment was thirty-two students and written work was an explicit expectation .

The 1932 Adult Education Regulations enshrined these principles and permitted the appointment of full-time salaried tutors under Article 11 who were eligible for grant-aid purposes .
the 1932 adult education regulations enshrined these principles and [let/allowed] the appointment of full-time salaried tutors under article 11 who were eligible for grant-aid purposes .

As a natural corollary of this initiative , extra-mural departments were permitted to provide courses at standards lower , and of shorter duration , than under the 1924 Regulations .
as a natural corollary of this initiative , extra-mural departments were [let/allowed] to provide courses at standards lower , and of shorter duration , than under the 1924 regulations .

Only Perry 's hesitancy permitted the Nez Perce to withdraw safely north up the Clearwater to Kamiah .
only perry 's hesitancy [let/allowed] the nez perce to withdraw safely north up the clearwater to kamiah .

In May 1883 , the school of Oakland closed , and twenty-nine widows and orphans were permitted to accompany teacher James Reuben back to Lapwai .
in may 1883 , the school of oakland closed , and twenty-nine widows and orphans were [let/allowed] to accompany teacher james reuben back to lapwai .

Nevertheless , he obtained a Commission in the Regular Army before the Great War of 1914 — 1918 , in which he was wounded by a sniper 's bullet through a lung , and would have died but for the fact that one of his men , having also been wounded , fell on top of ‘ Monty ’ and thereby , protected him from further sniper bullets until darkness permitted rescue to be made .
nevertheless , he obtained a commission in the regular army before the great war of 1914 — 1918 , in which he was wounded by a sniper 's bullet through a lung , and would have died but for the fact that one of his men , having also been wounded , fell on top of ‘ monty ’ and thereby , protected him from further sniper bullets until darkness [let/allowed] rescue to be made .

The very broad scope of primary prevention raises questions about the boundaries of social work 's permitted and required endeavours .
the very broad scope of primary prevention raises questions about the boundaries of social work 's [let/allowed] and required endeavours .

The maximum rig size permitted is 6.3 sq m .
the maximum rig size [let/allowed] is 6.3 sq m .

The post Office Savings Bank is of little importance , and other savings banks , although permitted to exist in principle , are negligible .
the post office savings bank is of little importance , and other savings banks , although [let/allowed] to exist in principle , are negligible .

for agriculture or for exports ) , but the rest of the permitted amount of credit has to be allocated by ad hoc decisions .
for agriculture or for exports ) , but the rest of the [let/allowed] amount of credit has to be allocated by ad hoc decisions .

Normally , banks are unwilling to use their funds for financing enterprises in other republics and provinces , but it seems that in this case the banks in the more prosperous parts of Yugoslavia had funds in excess of the amounts they were permitted to use for giving credits to their own customers ( Politika , 27 August 1987 ) .
normally , banks are unwilling to use their funds for financing enterprises in other republics and provinces , but it seems that in this case the banks in the more prosperous parts of yugoslavia had funds in excess of the amounts they were [let/allowed] to use for giving credits to their own customers ( politika , 27 august 1987 ) .

From 1976 to 1980 they were allowed to use 20 per cent of their contributions in this way , from 1981 to 1985 they were allowed to use 50 per cent , and since then the permitted ratio has been 60 per cent .
from 1976 to 1980 they were allowed to use 20 per cent of their contributions in this way , from 1981 to 1985 they were allowed to use 50 per cent , and since then the [let/allowed] ratio has been 60 per cent .

It must yield to the principles that a tribunal of limited jurisdiction could not be permitted conclusively to determine the limits of its own jurisdiction and that a public official could not be debarred from performing his statutory duty .
it must yield to the principles that a tribunal of limited jurisdiction could not be [let/allowed] conclusively to determine the limits of its own jurisdiction and that a public official could not be debarred from performing his statutory duty .

To hold the pound within its margins the system requires a member country to intervene in the markets when its currency diverges 75 per cent of the way to its permitted fluctuation margins , either side of the central rate .
to hold the pound within its margins the system requires a member country to intervene in the markets when its currency diverges 75 per cent of the way to its [let/allowed] fluctuation margins , either side of the central rate .

They are permitted no naturalistic embellishment , but given that choice the stylisation should be taken further .
they are [let/allowed] no naturalistic embellishment , but given that choice the stylisation should be taken further .

But that is a permitted indulgence .
but that is a [let/allowed] indulgence .

The project was controversial and the power station was only permitted providing the smoke was clean and the building did not challenge the visual dominance of St Paul 's .
the project was controversial and the power station was only [let/allowed] providing the smoke was clean and the building did not challenge the visual dominance of st paul 's .

The leading modern case is Stone and Dobinson ( 1977 ) , where two people were convicted of manslaughter for allowing a sick relative , whom they had permitted to live in their house , to die without medical attention .
the leading modern case is stone and dobinson ( 1977 ) , where two people were convicted of manslaughter for allowing a sick relative , whom they had [let/allowed] to live in their house , to die without medical attention .

There are those , however , who find it objectionable that one person should ever be permitted to take the life of another .
there are those , however , who find it objectionable that one person should ever be [let/allowed] to take the life of another .

It is accepted that not every ‘ foul ’ committed in breach of the rules amounts to a crime , and it seems to be assumed that players do , and may lawfully , consent to physical force over and above the minimum permitted by the rules .
it is accepted that not every ‘ foul ’ committed in breach of the rules amounts to a crime , and it seems to be assumed that players do , and may lawfully , consent to physical force over and above the minimum [let/allowed] by the rules .

Any sensitive reading of a story demands a feeling for how far one is permitted to push the significance of its details , and an awareness of those questions that can properly be asked of it , and those which can not .
any sensitive reading of a story demands a feeling for how far one is [let/allowed] to push the significance of its details , and an awareness of those questions that can properly be asked of it , and those which can not .

No such luxury was permitted to the scientists of the Soviet Union but even there Andrei Sakharov , the Russian Oppenheimer , was trying to persuade Khrushchev to abandon testing by 1958 .
no such luxury was [let/allowed] to the scientists of the soviet union but even there andrei sakharov , the russian oppenheimer , was trying to persuade khrushchev to abandon testing by 1958 .

Thirdly , it is also possible that the advances in birth control operating within the climate of an ‘ acquisitive society ’ might well have permitted couples to plan their family lives in such a way as to allow them to enjoy the consumer benefits of society .
thirdly , it is also possible that the advances in birth control operating within the climate of an ‘ acquisitive society ’ might well have [let/allowed] couples to plan their family lives in such a way as to allow them to enjoy the consumer benefits of society .

In the 1920s their financial position improved and , despite the reductions of income in the 1930s , the cheap money policy which followed the abandonment of the gold standard and the move to protection , permitted them to obtain cheap mortgages to buy the thousands of three-bedroomed semi-detached houses which were being built in the South and the Midlands at between £400 and £450 .
in the 1920s their financial position improved and , despite the reductions of income in the 1930s , the cheap money policy which followed the abandonment of the gold standard and the move to protection , [let/allowed] them to obtain cheap mortgages to buy the thousands of three-bedroomed semi-detached houses which were being built in the south and the midlands at between £400 and £450 .

It is argued that the vacuum which this created permitted the Labour Party to emerge .
it is argued that the vacuum which this created [let/allowed] the labour party to emerge .

It was this base which , allowing for the unusual circumstances of the General Election of December 1923 , permitted Labour to form its first government early in 1924 .
it was this base which , allowing for the unusual circumstances of the general election of december 1923 , [let/allowed] labour to form its first government early in 1924 .

However , on another occasion , Snowden explained that his free-trade and budgetary views had not changed but that the surplus they had earned now permitted the nation to financially support ‘ Lloyd George 's New Deal ’ .
however , on another occasion , snowden explained that his free-trade and budgetary views had not changed but that the surplus they had earned now [let/allowed] the nation to financially support ‘ lloyd george 's new deal ’ .

We wholeheartedly condemn the Government 's policy of Non-intervention which has permitted the Fascist countries of Italy and Germany to pour into Spain vast amounts of arms , ammunition , men , whilst it has denied the Spanish Democratic Government the legal right to purchase necessary supplies to defend the State . By its attitude the ‘ National Government ’ has done much to advance the cause of Fascism
we wholeheartedly condemn the government 's policy of non-intervention which has [let/allowed] the fascist countries of italy and germany to pour into spain vast amounts of arms , ammunition , men , whilst it has denied the spanish democratic government the legal right to purchase necessary supplies to defend the state . by its attitude the ‘ national government ’ has done much to advance the cause of fascism

They were packed , with stunning girls in evening frocks escorted by officers on leave from all three services , and lucky locals like Charles with nothing very much to do except have a good time when duties permitted .
they were packed , with stunning girls in evening frocks escorted by officers on leave from all three services , and lucky locals like charles with nothing very much to do except have a good time when duties [let/allowed] .

He described how the Japanese used a laser beam strategy within a poorly drafted law to penetrate the European market while protecting their own domestic market behind a dynastic organisational structure which only permitted import access when the dynasty deemed it politically expedient to do so .
he described how the japanese used a laser beam strategy within a poorly drafted law to penetrate the european market while protecting their own domestic market behind a dynastic organisational structure which only [let/allowed] import access when the dynasty deemed it politically expedient to do so .

This did not necessarily mean that the churches opposed alleviation of pain , but it did mean that the ministrations of the pastor were much more important than those of the physician , and those of the latter should not be permitted to interfere with the spiritual task of the former .
this did not necessarily mean that the churches opposed alleviation of pain , but it did mean that the ministrations of the pastor were much more important than those of the physician , and those of the latter should not be [let/allowed] to interfere with the spiritual task of the former .

The first was a pang of sorrowing sympathy with the bereaved and weeping parents ; but this was quickly succeeded by a thrill of holy joy that the lovely flower , which was just permitted to take a glimpse of earth , was so soon removed from all earthly contamination !
the first was a pang of sorrowing sympathy with the bereaved and weeping parents ; but this was quickly succeeded by a thrill of holy joy that the lovely flower , which was just [let/allowed] to take a glimpse of earth , was so soon removed from all earthly contamination !

It is evident that Ricardou had established a new doxa of reflexivity from which no deviations could be permitted , such was the extent to which he saw himself as the custodian of a radical modernity .
it is evident that ricardou had established a new doxa of reflexivity from which no deviations could be [let/allowed] , such was the extent to which he saw himself as the custodian of a radical modernity .

He was not permitted to call other officers of the Council in his defence and he was found guilty of 12 offences and dismissed .
he was not [let/allowed] to call other officers of the council in his defence and he was found guilty of 12 offences and dismissed .

These results may also be seen as offering some tentative support to the contention that the greater flexibility now permitted in fee setting , coupled with the ability of architects to establish themselves in a wider variety of organisational forms and to advertise more freely , has essentially lubricated the market and led to greater efficiency .
these results may also be seen as offering some tentative support to the contention that the greater flexibility now [let/allowed] in fee setting , coupled with the ability of architects to establish themselves in a wider variety of organisational forms and to advertise more freely , has essentially lubricated the market and led to greater efficiency .

This permitted the creation of a new five-storey office space , in complementary style — and exposed the attractive ‘ interior ’ south-facing elevation of the original building .
this [let/allowed] the creation of a new five-storey office space , in complementary style — and exposed the attractive ‘ interior ’ south-facing elevation of the original building .

His mother permitted herself to use one weekend visit from the strictly observed quota to see him .
his mother [let/allowed] herself to use one weekend visit from the strictly observed quota to see him .

As soon as thought began to be given to the televising of the House , one of the most troublesome issues was the extent to which editorial discretion should be permitted in camera coverage .
as soon as thought began to be given to the televising of the house , one of the most troublesome issues was the extent to which editorial discretion should be [let/allowed] in camera coverage .

otherwise , the camera should normally remain on the Member speaking until that Member has finished ; during Questions the director should show only the Member asking a Question and the Minister replying ; cut-away shots to show reactions would not normally be allowed , except shots of a member referred to by the Member speaking , and medium-angle shots are permitted to show both the Member who has the floor and another Member seeking to intervene ;
otherwise , the camera should normally remain on the member speaking until that member has finished ; during questions the director should show only the member asking a question and the minister replying ; cut-away shots to show reactions would not normally be allowed , except shots of a member referred to by the member speaking , and medium-angle shots are [let/allowed] to show both the member who has the floor and another member seeking to intervene ;

In practice , however , the rules do not seem to have proved as restrictive as many had feared , especially after some relaxations were permitted in January 1990 , in response to submissions by the broadcasters , allowing group shots ( midway between head and shoulder and wide-angle ) and more individual reaction shots ( although these relaxations do not apply during Question Time or ministerial statements ) .
in practice , however , the rules do not seem to have proved as restrictive as many had feared , especially after some relaxations were [let/allowed] in january 1990 , in response to submissions by the broadcasters , allowing group shots ( midway between head and shoulder and wide-angle ) and more individual reaction shots ( although these relaxations do not apply during question time or ministerial statements ) .

Mr Jose-Maria Mendiluce , special envoy of the United Nations High Commission for Refugees , was one of the few permitted to pass through Zvornik in a white Jeep bearing the organisation 's flag .
mr jose-maria mendiluce , special envoy of the united nations high commission for refugees , was one of the few [let/allowed] to pass through zvornik in a white jeep bearing the organisation 's flag .

To thwart that , Koch 's America syndicate put on a new keel and removed ballast from the namesake boat , using the mid-series mode-change permitted under the barter agreement reached with Conner .
to thwart that , koch 's america syndicate put on a new keel and removed ballast from the namesake boat , using the mid-series mode-change [let/allowed] under the barter agreement reached with conner .

Proportional representation , by allowing smaller , intermediary minorities some power and influence , prevented polarisation and permitted some movement , if not dramatic changes , of policy .
proportional representation , by allowing smaller , intermediary minorities some power and influence , prevented polarisation and [let/allowed] some movement , if not dramatic changes , of policy .

Moreover , since they are allowed to divide their investment income between the two of them — something that is not permitted with earned income — they could each stay below Labour 's new 50 per cent band , which starts at £40,000 .
moreover , since they are allowed to divide their investment income between the two of them — something that is not [let/allowed] with earned income — they could each stay below labour 's new 50 per cent band , which starts at £40,000 .

In this case , it would be hard to find language indicating more clearly that Mr Clayton intended the land to be preserved and managed as playing fields for all time , or at least for as long as the law permitted .
in this case , it would be hard to find language indicating more clearly that mr clayton intended the land to be preserved and managed as playing fields for all time , or at least for as long as the law [let/allowed] .

This he knows can readily be accommodated as yet another sort of consumer commodity , ‘ within the sphere of personal life permitted in liberal societies ’ .
this he knows can readily be accommodated as yet another sort of consumer commodity , ‘ within the sphere of personal life [let/allowed] in liberal societies ’ .

Since it seems they are not to be permitted to cut student numbers , they are attempting to increase income .
since it seems they are not to be [let/allowed] to cut student numbers , they are attempting to increase income .

And , again like the students , it has issued an official list of permitted slogans , ordering citizens to memorise 40 different chants to mark the 40th anniversary of communist rule .
and , again like the students , it has issued an official list of [let/allowed] slogans , ordering citizens to memorise 40 different chants to mark the 40th anniversary of communist rule .

For Pound , alike in his sexual and artistic life , ‘ Make it new ’ was incompatible with ‘ Here we go again ' ( if that vulgarity be permitted ) .
for pound , alike in his sexual and artistic life , ‘ make it new ’ was incompatible with ‘ here we go again ' ( if that vulgarity be [let/allowed] ) .

Individual firms avoid having to register as financial advisers under the act by providing advice through a ‘ permitted third party ’ who fulfils the act 's requirements .
individual firms avoid having to register as financial advisers under the act by providing advice through a ‘ [let/allowed] third party ’ who fulfils the act 's requirements .

Professor Emery was later retained for the defence , and permitted to conduct a more sophisticated analysis of the laboratory slides which revealed heart and lung defects .
professor emery was later retained for the defence , and [let/allowed] to conduct a more sophisticated analysis of the laboratory slides which revealed heart and lung defects .

Of course , there may well have been conjecture when so many people invaded Maternity when the infant was delivered , but that was something you permitted .
of course , there may well have been conjecture when so many people invaded maternity when the infant was delivered , but that was something you [let/allowed] .

Whereas in the 6th edition the re-written §246 dismisses the above as ‘ all my experience permitted me to say at the time … and that his research of the previous five years had wholly solved the difficulties of repetition . §247 clearly states his renewed position :
whereas in the 6th edition the re-written §246 dismisses the above as ‘ all my experience [let/allowed] me to say at the time … and that his research of the previous five years had wholly solved the difficulties of repetition . §247 clearly states his renewed position :

Following the Sowan affair the Foreign Office expelled the five-man team of Mossad agents that Britain had permitted to work unofficially in London .
following the sowan affair the foreign office expelled the five-man team of mossad agents that britain had [let/allowed] to work unofficially in london .

Some husbands , however , would feel no hesitation in exacting the obedience decreed by scripture , even by the domestic chastisement permitted under law .
some husbands , however , would feel no hesitation in exacting the obedience decreed by scripture , even by the domestic chastisement [let/allowed] under law .

The French government acceded to her request that she be buried at Malmaison , but her son was permitted to accompany the funeral only as far as the frontier between France and Switzerland .
the french government acceded to her request that she be buried at malmaison , but her son was [let/allowed] to accompany the funeral only as far as the frontier between france and switzerland .

’ An increased flow of water not only led to greater purity of the commodity , but also permitted a rebuilding of the entire sewage system .
’ an increased flow of water not only led to greater purity of the commodity , but also [let/allowed] a rebuilding of the entire sewage system .

There is a further clause in the 1950 law that permitted Manor to confirm that a man or woman was not an absentee if that person left his place of residence ‘ for fear that the enemies of Israel might cause him harm or otherwise than by reason or for fear of military operations , .
there is a further clause in the 1950 law that [let/allowed] manor to confirm that a man or woman was not an absentee if that person left his place of residence ‘ for fear that the enemies of israel might cause him harm or otherwise than by reason or for fear of military operations , .

In November of 1936 , a Franco-Lebanese treaty theoretically recognised the ‘ independence ’ of Lebanon but France was permitted to keep an army in the country and thus maintained considerable political control .
in november of 1936 , a franco-lebanese treaty theoretically recognised the ‘ independence ’ of lebanon but france was [let/allowed] to keep an army in the country and thus maintained considerable political control .

The Palestinian guerrillas would squat behind their outposts of earth and rocks up in the cold air among the fir trees , cradling their rocket-propelled grenades and announcing to us that the Syrians would not be permitted to move one more metre — not one more inch — along the highway to Beirut .
the palestinian guerrillas would squat behind their outposts of earth and rocks up in the cold air among the fir trees , cradling their rocket-propelled grenades and announcing to us that the syrians would not be [let/allowed] to move one more metre — not one more inch — along the highway to beirut .

In established States , less serious forms of bad behaviour are also permitted .
in established states , less serious forms of bad behaviour are also [let/allowed] .

Although kings made sporadic efforts to reform , to Purge and reorganize , again ultimately only the nineteenth century brought the abundance which permitted a system to organize the State and curb some of the worst excesses .
although kings made sporadic efforts to reform , to purge and reorganize , again ultimately only the nineteenth century brought the abundance which [let/allowed] a system to organize the state and curb some of the worst excesses .

While this permitted access to public life by more of the natives ( standard national education was required to give access to all ) , it excluded the Europe of Latin-speakers and the immediate inheritance of religion .
while this [let/allowed] access to public life by more of the natives ( standard national education was required to give access to all ) , it excluded the europe of latin-speakers and the immediate inheritance of religion .

Freedom is not something that can be asserted in opposition to law ; it is the residue of conduct permitted in the sense that no statute or common-law rule prohibits it .
freedom is not something that can be asserted in opposition to law ; it is the residue of conduct [let/allowed] in the sense that no statute or common-law rule prohibits it .

’ ; each time he or she is permitted to say that it may be obtained by further questioning .
’ ; each time he or she is [let/allowed] to say that it may be obtained by further questioning .

The detainee making a request ‘ must be permitted to consult a solicitor as soon as is practicable except to the extent that delay is permitted by this section ’ .
the detainee making a request ‘ must be [let/allowed] to consult a solicitor as soon as is practicable except to the extent that delay is [let/allowed] by this section ’ .

Thirty-six hours from the relevant time would expire in the early hours of the morning ; then access to a solicitor would have to be permitted .
thirty-six hours from the relevant time would expire in the early hours of the morning ; then access to a solicitor would have to be [let/allowed] .

The jury may in some cases put two and two together , but it seems to us that the effect of section 58 is such that the balance of fairness between prosecution and defence can not be maintained unless proper comment is permitted on the defendant 's silence in such circumstances .
the jury may in some cases put two and two together , but it seems to us that the effect of section 58 is such that the balance of fairness between prosecution and defence can not be maintained unless proper comment is [let/allowed] on the defendant 's silence in such circumstances .

It is high time that such comment should be permitted together with the necessary alteration to the words of the caution .
it is high time that such comment should be [let/allowed] together with the necessary alteration to the words of the caution .

In the first instance , the section permitted a chief officer of police who reasonably apprehended that a procession ‘ may occasion serious public disorder ’ to impose such conditions ‘ as appear [ ed ] to him necessary for the preservation of public order ’ .
in the first instance , the section [let/allowed] a chief officer of police who reasonably apprehended that a procession ‘ may occasion serious public disorder ’ to impose such conditions ‘ as appear [ ed ] to him necessary for the preservation of public order ’ .

His mother tells an anecdote about his wanting to join the Cubs , the junior branch of Boy Scout movement , when he was only four or five : much below the permitted age , but he was so insistent that the Cubmaster let him in .
his mother tells an anecdote about his wanting to join the cubs , the junior branch of boy scout movement , when he was only four or five : much below the [let/allowed] age , but he was so insistent that the cubmaster let him in .

On being taken back , he ran away again a few days later and this time was not forced to return , nor permitted to do so .
on being taken back , he ran away again a few days later and this time was not forced to return , nor [let/allowed] to do so .

If we could state positively , and with hope of agreement , what the point of education is , then we could go on to debate how it should be provided , how much public money should be spent on provision , and how much variety should be permitted , within the general legal framework .
if we could state positively , and with hope of agreement , what the point of education is , then we could go on to debate how it should be provided , how much public money should be spent on provision , and how much variety should be [let/allowed] , within the general legal framework .

But no one should be permitted to leave school without at least some practical passes .
but no one should be [let/allowed] to leave school without at least some practical passes .

It noted that adjustments are permitted in the case of adoption and legitimation .
it noted that adjustments are [let/allowed] in the case of adoption and legitimation .

Criminal liability , the argument continues , ordinarily attaches only to commissions which cause consequences not omissions whereby consequences are permitted to occur .
criminal liability , the argument continues , ordinarily attaches only to commissions which cause consequences not omissions whereby consequences are [let/allowed] to occur .

It was so successful that she was beaten by the authorities for daring to walk where only the rich were permitted to stroll .
it was so successful that she was beaten by the authorities for daring to walk where only the rich were [let/allowed] to stroll .

There was also a smoking room where a steward was in constant attendance to light pipes and cigars ; he was the only person on board permitted to use matches .
there was also a smoking room where a steward was in constant attendance to light pipes and cigars ; he was the only person on board [let/allowed] to use matches .

No extension of time was permitted beyond the scheduled hours of the games .
no extension of time was [let/allowed] beyond the scheduled hours of the games .

If Imran sows the seeds of a five-man Pakistan attack capable , in years to come , of dismissing sides consistently within 50 overs , he could easily revolutionise future World cups — certainly in Australia . He would set the television programmers ' schedule on its head ! What will the Pakistani captain be proposing next ? Perhaps the replacement of the flawed philosophy which permits the best batsmen in a team to bat for an unlimited number of deliveries , but restricts the number of overs the best bowlers in a side can send down ? Surely he would not dare to ask that Akram and Waquar Younis be permitted 25 overs each and that a little life be left in pitches which are now the equivalent of a moribund second-day Test strip ?
if imran sows the seeds of a five-man pakistan attack capable , in years to come , of dismissing sides consistently within 50 overs , he could easily revolutionise future world cups — certainly in australia . he would set the television programmers ' schedule on its head ! what will the pakistani captain be proposing next ? perhaps the replacement of the flawed philosophy which permits the best batsmen in a team to bat for an unlimited number of deliveries , but restricts the number of overs the best bowlers in a side can send down ? surely he would not dare to ask that akram and waquar younis be [let/allowed] 25 overs each and that a little life be left in pitches which are now the equivalent of a moribund second-day test strip ?

In England everything that is not prohibited is permitted .
in england everything that is not prohibited is [let/allowed] .

In France everything that is prohibited is permitted .
in france everything that is prohibited is [let/allowed] .

In Germany everything that is not permitted is prohibited .
in germany everything that is not [let/allowed] is prohibited .

Scotland might order things differently , but in England the rule was that what was not prohibited was permitted and the debate on civil rights was therefore concerned with the balance between the acceptable limits imposed by law and the freedom of action of the individual .
scotland might order things differently , but in england the rule was that what was not prohibited was [let/allowed] and the debate on civil rights was therefore concerned with the balance between the acceptable limits imposed by law and the freedom of action of the individual .

The principle appears to prohibit disclosure of personal data to third parties ; in fact such disclosure is permitted either if the data user registers his intention so to disclose , or if the circumstances are covered by one of the controversial ‘ non-disclosure exemptions ’ .
the principle appears to prohibit disclosure of personal data to third parties ; in fact such disclosure is [let/allowed] either if the data user registers his intention so to disclose , or if the circumstances are covered by one of the controversial ‘ non-disclosure exemptions ’ .

The Warnock Committee recommended that donation of an egg or proembryo should be permitted as a means of treating infertility , but that the techniques should be carefully controlled by licensing .
the warnock committee recommended that donation of an egg or proembryo should be [let/allowed] as a means of treating infertility , but that the techniques should be carefully controlled by licensing .

And rather than iron out the problems , the Government is intending to add to them if the latest secondary legislation Consultation Paper — Permitted Use Rights In The Countryside — is anything to go by .
and rather than iron out the problems , the government is intending to add to them if the latest secondary legislation consultation paper — [let/allowed] use rights in the countryside — is anything to go by .

The London Food Commission in its research into 299 permitted additives , discovered that in 25 cases evidence existed of severe toxic hazard .
the london food commission in its research into 299 [let/allowed] additives , discovered that in 25 cases evidence existed of severe toxic hazard .

If observations and questions are not permitted , curiosity is stifled and frustrated .
if observations and questions are not [let/allowed] , curiosity is stifled and frustrated .

If God intended that parents should not be permitted to come between a husband and a wife , then surely football pals or the darts team , the sports club , or any other activity should not be allowed to be an obstacle to this new relationship .
if god intended that parents should not be [let/allowed] to come between a husband and a wife , then surely football pals or the darts team , the sports club , or any other activity should not be allowed to be an obstacle to this new relationship .

Apparently matrimony was not permitted for the servants .
apparently matrimony was not [let/allowed] for the servants .

Hannah read extensively about the classic cities when her eyes permitted such luxuries and still absorbs information from radio and television like a sponge .
hannah read extensively about the classic cities when her eyes [let/allowed] such luxuries and still absorbs information from radio and television like a sponge .

The merged ‘ Norfolk and Suffolk Polled ’ could be any colour as long as it was polled and it was not until the Red Poll herdbook was formed in 1874 that the colour of the breed was formally agreed as red , preferably deep in colour , with a red udder ; white touches were permitted only in the tail switch , or on the udder and just in front of the udder on the inside flank .
the merged ‘ norfolk and suffolk polled ’ could be any colour as long as it was polled and it was not until the red poll herdbook was formed in 1874 that the colour of the breed was formally agreed as red , preferably deep in colour , with a red udder ; white touches were [let/allowed] only in the tail switch , or on the udder and just in front of the udder on the inside flank .

In such cases , they may be permitted by the committee to speak , but not to vote .
in such cases , they may be [let/allowed] by the committee to speak , but not to vote .

It is the loss of strength associated with old age that has permitted and continues to permit the abuse of older people .
it is the loss of strength associated with old age that has [let/allowed] and continues to permit the abuse of older people .

It is true that many people cling to office , or are permitted to do so , and it is often that barnacle-like permanence which gives committees and boards a sense of dull sameness and an unwillingness to reform .
it is true that many people cling to office , or are [let/allowed] to do so , and it is often that barnacle-like permanence which gives committees and boards a sense of dull sameness and an unwillingness to reform .

But as two months had already elapsed since the end of the previous contracts , this would mean that for some weeks the players would be getting more than the permitted £4 a week maximum .
but as two months had already elapsed since the end of the previous contracts , this would mean that for some weeks the players would be getting more than the [let/allowed] £4 a week maximum .

In October 1919 an inquiry began into allegations that City had broken wartime regulations by paying players more than the permitted rates .
in october 1919 an inquiry began into allegations that city had broken wartime regulations by paying players more than the [let/allowed] rates .

‘ No member of the staff was permitted to leave the building unless he had telephoned Chapman 's office at six o'clock and enquired : ‘ Is it all right for me to go now , Mr Chapman ? ’
‘ no member of the staff was [let/allowed] to leave the building unless he had telephoned chapman 's office at six o'clock and enquired : ‘ is it all right for me to go now , mr chapman ? ’

Some university administrations give almost total control of the bookfund to the librarian , with suggestions from departments and faculties permitted , but not particularly encouraged .
some university administrations give almost total control of the bookfund to the librarian , with suggestions from departments and faculties [let/allowed] , but not particularly encouraged .

Booksellers are permitted to give a 10 % discount to such libraries , which must first be licensed for this purpose by the Publishers ' Association .
booksellers are [let/allowed] to give a 10 % discount to such libraries , which must first be licensed for this purpose by the publishers ' association .

Their 7 foot 6 inches-wide body was the widest permitted at that time , and allowed two-by-two seating on upholstered seats in the saloon .
their 7 foot 6 inches-wide body was the widest [let/allowed] at that time , and allowed two-by-two seating on upholstered seats in the saloon .

Some compensation was eventually paid to the villagers by the Board of Trade , after much prevarication and talk of ‘ natural causes ’ ; the fact was the Board had permitted the dredging operation without foreseeing the consequences .
some compensation was eventually paid to the villagers by the board of trade , after much prevarication and talk of ‘ natural causes ’ ; the fact was the board had [let/allowed] the dredging operation without foreseeing the consequences .

area ‘ comprising some dozen streets adjacent to the King 's Bench debtors ’ prison ' where prisoners ‘ who can raise large fees from which their creditors do not derive any benefit , are permitted to reside ’ .
area ‘ comprising some dozen streets adjacent to the king 's bench debtors ’ prison ' where prisoners ‘ who can raise large fees from which their creditors do not derive any benefit , are [let/allowed] to reside ’ .

Another interesting question is whether you have any right of redress if , while continuing to pay your salary , your employer does not give you any work to do , perhaps sending you home and saying for some reason , ‘ Do n't call us , we 'll call you ’ . If this is not permitted by an express ‘ garden leave ’ clause — see Chapter 5 — can you argue that you have been denied ‘ the right to work ’ ?
another interesting question is whether you have any right of redress if , while continuing to pay your salary , your employer does not give you any work to do , perhaps sending you home and saying for some reason , ‘ do n't call us , we 'll call you ’ . if this is not [let/allowed] by an express ‘ garden leave ’ clause — see chapter 5 — can you argue that you have been denied ‘ the right to work ’ ?

Ms Donovan worked for a local authority and , during the course of disciplinary proceedings , was told that she would be permitted to terminate her employment on the last day of the year if she so wished .
ms donovan worked for a local authority and , during the course of disciplinary proceedings , was told that she would be [let/allowed] to terminate her employment on the last day of the year if she so wished .

Members of the community were to be permitted their own opinions in matters of politics and religion , but property would be held in common .
members of the community were to be [let/allowed] their own opinions in matters of politics and religion , but property would be held in common .

For example , we would tax fuel according to emission rates and establish systems of tradable emission licenses for industry , setting ceilings on the permitted emissions , eg sulphur dioxide .
for example , we would tax fuel according to emission rates and establish systems of tradable emission licenses for industry , setting ceilings on the [let/allowed] emissions , eg sulphur dioxide .

However , even if this were permitted , the necessary expertise for contracting is unlikely to be available at the local level .
however , even if this were [let/allowed] , the necessary expertise for contracting is unlikely to be available at the local level .

They not only allowed the third party an action which would have been impossible at civil law , but also permitted specific performance .
they not only allowed the third party an action which would have been impossible at civil law , but also [let/allowed] specific performance .

‘ Before you do , ’ said Epitot carefully , ‘ you may care to reflect upon the fact that thanks to your neglect of the most elementary precautions , you have permitted a homicidal maniac to molest the body of one of our countrymen . ’
‘ before you do , ’ said epitot carefully , ‘ you may care to reflect upon the fact that thanks to your neglect of the most elementary precautions , you have [let/allowed] a homicidal maniac to molest the body of one of our countrymen . ’

They also permitted a much simpler reproducing machine , since the groove itself propelled the soundbox , no additional screw mechanism being necessary ( 7 ) .
they also [let/allowed] a much simpler reproducing machine , since the groove itself propelled the soundbox , no additional screw mechanism being necessary ( 7 ) .

The Act permitted such stamps to be affixed to the container , rather than the record itself ; this was the only practicable way with cylinders .
the act [let/allowed] such stamps to be affixed to the container , rather than the record itself ; this was the only practicable way with cylinders .

The Auxetophone also permitted the first disc-copying to take place .
the auxetophone also [let/allowed] the first disc-copying to take place .

As we saw earlier , discs permitted simple and cheap record-players ; but the advantage was lost if the record-players had to have sapphire or diamond points made out of precious gems .
as we saw earlier , discs [let/allowed] simple and cheap record-players ; but the advantage was lost if the record-players had to have sapphire or diamond points made out of precious gems .

The qualities required of interviewers will vary greatly according to the complexities of interview schedules used and also the degree of informality permitted in the interviews .
the qualities required of interviewers will vary greatly according to the complexities of interview schedules used and also the degree of informality [let/allowed] in the interviews .

No leakages were permitted at any points nor were the canvas sides allowed to bulge inward to any greater extent than that caused by the slackness of the canvas specified on the drawing .
no leakages were [let/allowed] at any points nor were the canvas sides allowed to bulge inward to any greater extent than that caused by the slackness of the canvas specified on the drawing .

Who through the attention of Mr. Creed , and Mr. Lord his assistant secretary , many hundreds were permitted to do so .
who through the attention of mr. creed , and mr. lord his assistant secretary , many hundreds were [let/allowed] to do so .

When the war brought an end to Joe 's Palace career he had played 276 Southern League games for us — the highest in the club 's history , but when they are seen in context they assume even greater value , for not only were the maximum possible appearances lower than in our present day ( only one of Johnson 's seasons with us included a 42 match programme ) but goalkeepers were subject to much more physical attention than is permitted today .
when the war brought an end to joe 's palace career he had played 276 southern league games for us — the highest in the club 's history , but when they are seen in context they assume even greater value , for not only were the maximum possible appearances lower than in our present day ( only one of johnson 's seasons with us included a 42 match programme ) but goalkeepers were subject to much more physical attention than is [let/allowed] today .

Legal action seeking abatement of a public nuisance may be taken by the relevant local authority , or authorities if the odour spreads into several areas , in their own name(s) , as is permitted by s.222 of the Local Government Act 1972 , or via a relator action , with the consent of the Attorney General .
legal action seeking abatement of a public nuisance may be taken by the relevant local authority , or authorities if the odour spreads into several areas , in their own name(s) , as is [let/allowed] by s.222 of the local government act 1972 , or via a relator action , with the consent of the attorney general .

‘ Looking back now to the time when the site for these premises was chosen , and realising the state of affairs existing in this type of works , it is surprising to me that this process was ever permitted on this site at all ( being figuratively speaking within arms length of the dwellings ) .
‘ looking back now to the time when the site for these premises was chosen , and realising the state of affairs existing in this type of works , it is surprising to me that this process was ever [let/allowed] on this site at all ( being figuratively speaking within arms length of the dwellings ) .

Dark smoke from the burning of rubbish in connection with demolition work , is however in certain circumstances , permitted by regulations being a necessary evil .
dark smoke from the burning of rubbish in connection with demolition work , is however in certain circumstances , [let/allowed] by regulations being a necessary evil .

It has been suggested that bonfires , which not only cause objectionable odours and smoke , but also release polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons into the atmosphere which in sufficient concentrations could constitute a health hazard , ought not to be permitted between certain set hours .
it has been suggested that bonfires , which not only cause objectionable odours and smoke , but also release polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons into the atmosphere which in sufficient concentrations could constitute a health hazard , ought not to be [let/allowed] between certain set hours .

to cause or knowingly to permit any matter to enter a stream , so as to tend ( either directly or in combination with other matter which is caused or permitted to enter the stream ) to impede the flow of the stream in a way that would lead to a substantial aggravation of pollution due to other causes ;
to cause or knowingly to permit any matter to enter a stream , so as to tend ( either directly or in combination with other matter which is caused or [let/allowed] to enter the stream ) to impede the flow of the stream in a way that would lead to a substantial aggravation of pollution due to other causes ;

Perhaps this latter attitude is the reason why new housing has been permitted near to existing odour emitters , in particular sewage disposal works , intensive pig poultry or other farms , and , conversely , why potential odour emitting uses have been permitted near to existing residential developments .
perhaps this latter attitude is the reason why new housing has been [let/allowed] near to existing odour emitters , in particular sewage disposal works , intensive pig poultry or other farms , and , conversely , why potential odour emitting uses have been [let/allowed] near to existing residential developments .

Is the condition ( 1 ) necessary ; ( 2 ) relevant to planning ; ( 3 ) relevant to the development to be permitted ; ( 4 ) enforceable ; ( 5 ) precise ; ( 6 ) reasonable ?
is the condition ( 1 ) necessary ; ( 2 ) relevant to planning ; ( 3 ) relevant to the development to be [let/allowed] ; ( 4 ) enforceable ; ( 5 ) precise ; ( 6 ) reasonable ?

Attaching such a condition as the one reproduced below is permitted on planning grounds , even though it is in conflict with the Use Classes Order and its imposition a useful preventative measure :
attaching such a condition as the one reproduced below is [let/allowed] on planning grounds , even though it is in conflict with the use classes order and its imposition a useful preventative measure :

Such agreements would be particularly useful in ensuring a ‘ Cordon Sanitaire ’ or ‘ Buffer Zone ’ in which no residential development or odour sensitive uses will be permitted , around existing sewage disposal works for example , or other odour emitters .
such agreements would be particularly useful in ensuring a ‘ cordon sanitaire ’ or ‘ buffer zone ’ in which no residential development or odour sensitive uses will be [let/allowed] , around existing sewage disposal works for example , or other odour emitters .

In this sense , the ‘ essential ’ standards established at Community level provide a baseline ; provided goods and services meet these baseline standards , they must be permitted free access to the whole Community market .
in this sense , the ‘ essential ’ standards established at community level provide a baseline ; provided goods and services meet these baseline standards , they must be [let/allowed] free access to the whole community market .

Certain judgments of the Court of Justice and the directives implementing the single market in respect of financial services do give some guidance as to the ambit of this competence . In essence , any restrictions on financial institutions benefiting from a single licence will be permitted only where :
certain judgments of the court of justice and the directives implementing the single market in respect of financial services do give some guidance as to the ambit of this competence . in essence , any restrictions on financial institutions benefiting from a single licence will be [let/allowed] only where :

The manager(s) must be natural person(s) , or , if so permitted in the member state of registration , a company which designates individuals whose details are then filed as if they were the managers and who then have similar obligations .
the manager(s) must be natural person(s) , or , if so [let/allowed] in the member state of registration , a company which designates individuals whose details are then filed as if they were the managers and who then have similar obligations .

Permitted co-operation agreements
[let/allowed] co-operation agreements

By then , released from stricter vigilance , Nicholas had been able to move from the Citadel to the house of Katelina , and soon Abul Ismail was permitted to join him .
by then , released from stricter vigilance , nicholas had been able to move from the citadel to the house of katelina , and soon abul ismail was [let/allowed] to join him .

Couple nudity is never permitted .
couple nudity is never [let/allowed] .

As The New York Times informed its readers , ‘ The doctors said the penis contained a tiny hydraulic system that permitted a fluid to be pumped from a reservoir in the abdomen into the penis to cause erection .
as the new york times informed its readers , ‘ the doctors said the penis contained a tiny hydraulic system that [let/allowed] a fluid to be pumped from a reservoir in the abdomen into the penis to cause erection .

Most places of religious worship ask that confetti is not throw inside the grounds and photography during the service is often not permitted .
most places of religious worship ask that confetti is not throw inside the grounds and photography during the service is often not [let/allowed] .

Further , managers tried to consolidate their new powers by putting the new controls well beyond the reach of any shop-floor worker — on the other side of the factory , where only managers and engineers were permitted .
further , managers tried to consolidate their new powers by putting the new controls well beyond the reach of any shop-floor worker — on the other side of the factory , where only managers and engineers were [let/allowed] .

In general , Britain 's laws do not lay down limits to the noise that a factory makes outside its walls , although in some cases local councils have permitted factory developments only on the proviso that they do not exceed specific sound levels .
in general , britain 's laws do not lay down limits to the noise that a factory makes outside its walls , although in some cases local councils have [let/allowed] factory developments only on the proviso that they do not exceed specific sound levels .

And there are a few special areas called ‘ Noise Abatement Zones ’ where local authorities keep statutory registers of permitted noise levels .
and there are a few special areas called ‘ noise abatement zones ’ where local authorities keep statutory registers of [let/allowed] noise levels .

In other words , only certain discrete energies would be permitted , exactly as for an electron confined in a single atom .
in other words , only certain discrete energies would be [let/allowed] , exactly as for an electron confined in a single atom .

An important step was to show that if the semiconductor is cooled sufficiently for all the electrons to be in the lowest permitted energy states , then the mobile electrons in the inversion layer can move only in two dimensions .
an important step was to show that if the semiconductor is cooled sufficiently for all the electrons to be in the lowest [let/allowed] energy states , then the mobile electrons in the inversion layer can move only in two dimensions .

The permitted energy states in such a system form a so-called ‘ surface sub-band ’ , and when all the mobile electrons are contained in one sub-band we have reached the electric quantum limit .
the [let/allowed] energy states in such a system form a so-called ‘ surface sub-band ’ , and when all the mobile electrons are contained in one sub-band we have reached the electric quantum limit .

Reducing the thickness of the inversion layer to about the wavelength of an electron quantises the motion as the diagram shows : the permitted states lie on infinitely-thin discs in k — space , each corresponding to a surface sub-band .
reducing the thickness of the inversion layer to about the wavelength of an electron quantises the motion as the diagram shows : the [let/allowed] states lie on infinitely-thin discs in k — space , each corresponding to a surface sub-band .

Often all sorts of local or national variations to an official plan are known , permitted and encouraged , while original documents gradually slip into greater degrees of obsolescence pending their next public revision .
often all sorts of local or national variations to an official plan are known , [let/allowed] and encouraged , while original documents gradually slip into greater degrees of obsolescence pending their next public revision .

Side by side with these come decisions regarding curriculum control , in particular those related to the degree of flexibility to be permitted and encouraged in relation to choice of language , of content and of evaluation .
side by side with these come decisions regarding curriculum control , in particular those related to the degree of flexibility to be [let/allowed] and encouraged in relation to choice of language , of content and of evaluation .

Currently , in many countries , debate centres on whether some kind of core curriculum with permitted options should evolve , as suggested in recent reports from Zambia , Botswana and Lesotho , and if so of what nature that core should be .
currently , in many countries , debate centres on whether some kind of core curriculum with [let/allowed] options should evolve , as suggested in recent reports from zambia , botswana and lesotho , and if so of what nature that core should be .

The paramount mistake has been that the intelligence of the individual has been permitted to be clouded by childhood teaching to such an extent that he has been persuaded that the religious writings came from some other source which renders them inviolate .
the paramount mistake has been that the intelligence of the individual has been [let/allowed] to be clouded by childhood teaching to such an extent that he has been persuaded that the religious writings came from some other source which renders them inviolate .

Likewise it is reasonable to accept that a rationalised religion must have a starting point that is based on acceptance of an unproved statement , provided that such a statement , if later proved to need modification , has not permitted the development of a religion that will collapse , if that vital primary premise comes into question .
likewise it is reasonable to accept that a rationalised religion must have a starting point that is based on acceptance of an unproved statement , provided that such a statement , if later proved to need modification , has not [let/allowed] the development of a religion that will collapse , if that vital primary premise comes into question .

Yet whatever they did with their talents , the one thing , notoriously , which wealthy men in the Middle Ages were not permitted to do was to lend their money at interest .
yet whatever they did with their talents , the one thing , notoriously , which wealthy men in the middle ages were not [let/allowed] to do was to lend their money at interest .

However , no new company limited by guarantee is permitted to have shares .
however , no new company limited by guarantee is [let/allowed] to have shares .

In spite of this , there is plenty of scope for what is sought to be greatly reduced ; it is also possible for the permission to be limited in time , in other words for the development , building and/or use to be permitted only until some date in the future .
in spite of this , there is plenty of scope for what is sought to be greatly reduced ; it is also possible for the permission to be limited in time , in other words for the development , building and/or use to be [let/allowed] only until some date in the future .

Does it so restrict as effectively to frustrate the actual development permitted ?
does it so restrict as effectively to frustrate the actual development [let/allowed] ?

Existing Use and Permitted Extension
existing use and [let/allowed] extension

When considering what might or might not be permitted by the planning authority or by the Secretary of State on appeal there are large numbers of policies with which the development may have to comply .
when considering what might or might not be [let/allowed] by the planning authority or by the secretary of state on appeal there are large numbers of policies with which the development may have to comply .

Basically , however , the difference between these and other areas lies in the attitude to new development , either whether it should be permitted at all ( it often is not ) or , if it is , of what it should be constructed — the materials used generally have to be traditional , for example , stone in the Lake District .
basically , however , the difference between these and other areas lies in the attitude to new development , either whether it should be [let/allowed] at all ( it often is not ) or , if it is , of what it should be constructed — the materials used generally have to be traditional , for example , stone in the lake district .

To abstract oneself from them , means to abstract from … the fundamental characteristic of the ‘ new economics [ since ] the fundamental , decisive relationship of production is the relationship of the working class leadership in production both towards every stratum of the proletariat taken separately and towards the technical intelligentsia … it is possible and permissible to abstract yourself from whatever you like , but to abstract yourself from that which determines the content of an historical production model is something not permitted to the Marxist .
to abstract oneself from them , means to abstract from … the fundamental characteristic of the ‘ new economics [ since ] the fundamental , decisive relationship of production is the relationship of the working class leadership in production both towards every stratum of the proletariat taken separately and towards the technical intelligentsia … it is possible and permissible to abstract yourself from whatever you like , but to abstract yourself from that which determines the content of an historical production model is something not [let/allowed] to the marxist .

The trouble was that if you permitted intimacy you would be thought of as ‘ cheap ’ and perhaps be talked about as the girls at the dance had talked about Paula , only by the boys , which was worse , but if you did n't no boy would be prepared to bother with you for long .
the trouble was that if you [let/allowed] intimacy you would be thought of as ‘ cheap ’ and perhaps be talked about as the girls at the dance had talked about paula , only by the boys , which was worse , but if you did n't no boy would be prepared to bother with you for long .

‘ Tiphook does n't hesitate to use all the tricks permitted it , ’ Sherwood says .
‘ tiphook does n't hesitate to use all the tricks [let/allowed] it , ’ sherwood says .

‘ not for the purpose of repining that they had been deprived of the important blessings of hearing and speech , but to manifest their love and gratitude to God for all those other things He permitted them to enjoy . ’
‘ not for the purpose of repining that they had been deprived of the important blessings of hearing and speech , but to manifest their love and gratitude to god for all those other things he [let/allowed] them to enjoy . ’

While no deaf person in Britain has been awarded any armed services medal — for the simple reason that no deaf person is permitted to serve in the armed services — or any government sponsored civilian award , or police award , deaf people have been given awards from such bodies as the Carnegie Fund , the Royal Humane Society , and the Society for Protection of Life from Fire .
while no deaf person in britain has been awarded any armed services medal — for the simple reason that no deaf person is [let/allowed] to serve in the armed services — or any government sponsored civilian award , or police award , deaf people have been given awards from such bodies as the carnegie fund , the royal humane society , and the society for protection of life from fire .

Smoking is not permitted .
smoking is not [let/allowed] .

Individual users of software will not be permitted to copy or distribute copies of any software product or its documentation unless permitted to do so under the terms of the licence .
individual users of software will not be [let/allowed] to copy or distribute copies of any software product or its documentation unless [let/allowed] to do so under the terms of the licence .

However , an applicant who is unable to fulfil these requirements may be permitted to undertake a preliminary course leading to an examination of honours standard .
however , an applicant who is unable to fulfil these requirements may be [let/allowed] to undertake a preliminary course leading to an examination of honours standard .

During the summer months it was pleasant to live in the gentle East Anglian countryside , to cycle around the small villages and to sunbathe when the weather permitted .
during the summer months it was pleasant to live in the gentle east anglian countryside , to cycle around the small villages and to sunbathe when the weather [let/allowed] .

Certainly no boyfriends were permitted to call on the boarders .
certainly no boyfriends were [let/allowed] to call on the boarders .

Flash/tripod photography is not permitted in the house .
flash/tripod photography is not [let/allowed] in the house .

In the interests of conservation , stiletto heels are not permitted in the house .
in the interests of conservation , stiletto heels are not [let/allowed] in the house .

’ In other words , the Board of Trade could more or less control the Service , co-operating with other agencies when and where it thought necessary , although those LEAs which had or might have in the future statutory powers for dealing with juveniles were permitted to submit schemes for the exercise of these powers , provided they could obtain the permission of both Boards .
’ in other words , the board of trade could more or less control the service , co-operating with other agencies when and where it thought necessary , although those leas which had or might have in the future statutory powers for dealing with juveniles were [let/allowed] to submit schemes for the exercise of these powers , provided they could obtain the permission of both boards .

The devaluation or revaluation of a currency against the dollar was permitted only when a country faced a severe economic crisis .
the devaluation or revaluation of a currency against the dollar was [let/allowed] only when a country faced a severe economic crisis .

In countries where a full banking presence is not permitted banks sometimes establish representative offices which do not engage in deposit-taking or lending but act as marketing agencies for other branches of a bank .
in countries where a full banking presence is not [let/allowed] banks sometimes establish representative offices which do not engage in deposit-taking or lending but act as marketing agencies for other branches of a bank .

The addition of these features permitted increased legibility , a lessening of ambiguity and a speeding up of the writing process .
the addition of these features [let/allowed] increased legibility , a lessening of ambiguity and a speeding up of the writing process .

Corporations may be granted these devices , but they are normally permitted only to counties , cities and councils of standing ; and companies and institutions of an important national nature .
corporations may be granted these devices , but they are normally [let/allowed] only to counties , cities and councils of standing ; and companies and institutions of an important national nature .

In another case , the name Cruckerne ( ‘ the house where the pottery was made ’ ) permitted the identification of a valuable site and foundation traces .
in another case , the name cruckerne ( ‘ the house where the pottery was made ’ ) [let/allowed] the identification of a valuable site and foundation traces .

The principal considerations are the interests being pursued and the depth of the personal pocket ; the subsidiary ones are the ease with which a good public reference library can be accessed , the speed with which further volumes can be obtained via the public lending service , and the lengths of the permitted retention periods .
the principal considerations are the interests being pursued and the depth of the personal pocket ; the subsidiary ones are the ease with which a good public reference library can be accessed , the speed with which further volumes can be obtained via the public lending service , and the lengths of the [let/allowed] retention periods .

One of the main changes has been to allow the establishment or revival of private schools , previously not permitted to operate .
one of the main changes has been to allow the establishment or revival of private schools , previously not [let/allowed] to operate .

Many others have set themselves up as private tutors , which is now permitted .
many others have set themselves up as private tutors , which is now [let/allowed] .

In the Ixcán region of Quiché province , the army has permitted the re-establishment of co-operatives first set up in the 1970s .
in the ixcán region of quiché province , the army has [let/allowed] the re-establishment of co-operatives first set up in the 1970s .

Laughter is permitted , but it is of the glutinous kind which tee hees over in-jokes .
laughter is [let/allowed] , but it is of the glutinous kind which tee hees over in-jokes .

The Latin origins of the Roman Catholic Church would have dictated a very different shape of moustache and this is perhaps why priests are not permitted to sport this form of decoration .
the latin origins of the roman catholic church would have dictated a very different shape of moustache and this is perhaps why priests are not [let/allowed] to sport this form of decoration .

Otherwise there is a risk that encroachment may have to be permitted , thus devaluing the Green Belt concept .
otherwise there is a risk that encroachment may have to be [let/allowed] , thus devaluing the green belt concept .

Although strong controls should be maintained over important wildlife habitats and prime agricultural land , sensitive development should be permitted elsewhere in order to allow the diversification of the rural economy and provide homes and jobs for everyone .
although strong controls should be maintained over important wildlife habitats and prime agricultural land , sensitive development should be [let/allowed] elsewhere in order to allow the diversification of the rural economy and provide homes and jobs for everyone .

These give details of present site locations and some indication of permitted wastes , though little or no information on closed and abandoned sites .
these give details of present site locations and some indication of [let/allowed] wastes , though little or no information on closed and abandoned sites .

The former Hazardous Waste Inspectorate operated a large database on all sites , with details of permitted wastes , including allowable quantities .
the former hazardous waste inspectorate operated a large database on all sites , with details of [let/allowed] wastes , including allowable quantities .

Scott 's experience was typical : when he wrote in on 1st December querying various aspects of the schedules , he was brusquely told a week later that no variations were permitted , and the designs must be prepared in accordance with the printed instructions .
scott 's experience was typical : when he wrote in on 1st december querying various aspects of the schedules , he was brusquely told a week later that no variations were [let/allowed] , and the designs must be prepared in accordance with the printed instructions .

Cracks in the ﬂoor planks and in the log walls permitted various pests to enter , so Rosie battled bedbugs , grasshoppers , and ants , which required frequent searches of the house with a kettle of hot water in one hand and a can of kerosene and a feather in the other .
cracks in the ﬂoor planks and in the log walls [let/allowed] various pests to enter , so rosie battled bedbugs , grasshoppers , and ants , which required frequent searches of the house with a kettle of hot water in one hand and a can of kerosene and a feather in the other .

Family mealtime conversations , whether children participate directly or listen to the exchanges of others , also provide special instruction in discussion skills , since they are among the few routine occasions in which children are permitted to enter an adult conversational world.102 When meals are shared with children , parents can model and teach cultural rules regulating conversation—appropriate topics and politeness ( “ We don ’ t say food is disgusting at the table ” ) and subtle conversational strategies that children become proﬁcient at only after much practice , such as how to enter a conversation and link with other participants ’ statements .
family mealtime conversations , whether children participate directly or listen to the exchanges of others , also provide special instruction in discussion skills , since they are among the few routine occasions in which children are [let/allowed] to enter an adult conversational world.102 when meals are shared with children , parents can model and teach cultural rules regulating conversation—appropriate topics and politeness ( “ we don ’ t say food is disgusting at the table ” ) and subtle conversational strategies that children become proﬁcient at only after much practice , such as how to enter a conversation and link with other participants ’ statements .

When permitted to select freely among diverse activities at child care or preschool , young children overwhelmingly prefer fantasy play .
when [let/allowed] to select freely among diverse activities at child care or preschool , young children overwhelmingly prefer fantasy play .

Psychologist Lawrence Newman permitted one group of 4- and 5-year-olds to play with a set of toys and told another group simply to remember the toys .
psychologist lawrence newman [let/allowed] one group of 4- and 5-year-olds to play with a set of toys and told another group simply to remember the toys .

Tucson ’ s proximity to Mexico , especially Sonora , permitted Tucsonenses to remain close to their Mexican heritage .
tucson ’ s proximity to mexico , especially sonora , [let/allowed] tucsonenses to remain close to their mexican heritage .

The court decided to uphold a law abolishing the twenty-year statute of limitations for concentration camp murders.7 It invoked the constitutional “ right to life ” to strike down a liberal abortion law that permitted abortion on demand in the first trimester.8 More recently , the court rejected an East German statutory justification for border guards who shot at their own citizens trying to flee the country for the West.9 All of these decisions brought to the fore fundamental values of protecting life and punishing those with contempt for life .
the court decided to uphold a law abolishing the twenty-year statute of limitations for concentration camp murders.7 it invoked the constitutional “ right to life ” to strike down a liberal abortion law that [let/allowed] abortion on demand in the first trimester.8 more recently , the court rejected an east german statutory justification for border guards who shot at their own citizens trying to flee the country for the west.9 all of these decisions brought to the fore fundamental values of protecting life and punishing those with contempt for life .

In one 1880 decision , the Court upheld a federal penalty against a Virginia state officer who disqualified blacks from jury service.33 Another decision in the same year reversed a state court conviction of an African American tried by a West Virginia jury on which blacks were not permitted to serve.34 With respect to African Americans ’ exercising the basic rights of citizenship , particularly in the field of criminal justice , the Court would be vigilant .
in one 1880 decision , the court upheld a federal penalty against a virginia state officer who disqualified blacks from jury service.33 another decision in the same year reversed a state court conviction of an african american tried by a west virginia jury on which blacks were not [let/allowed] to serve.34 with respect to african americans ’ exercising the basic rights of citizenship , particularly in the field of criminal justice , the court would be vigilant .

They supposedly suffer from all the mistakes of their elders who promote violence on television and have permitted the country to be flooded with guns , which , as everyone knows , enable teenagers who go on rampages to gain a few hours of prime time news coverage .
they supposedly suffer from all the mistakes of their elders who promote violence on television and have [let/allowed] the country to be flooded with guns , which , as everyone knows , enable teenagers who go on rampages to gain a few hours of prime time news coverage .

This permitted the Anasazi to achieve a benchmark of advanced society — the ability to live in permanent shelters year-round without need to follow wildlife .
this [let/allowed] the anasazi to achieve a benchmark of advanced society — the ability to live in permanent shelters year-round without need to follow wildlife .

Only the sultan was permitted to ride through this gate on horseback ; all others had to dismount and bow .
only the sultan was [let/allowed] to ride through this gate on horseback ; all others had to dismount and bow .

You enter by the Carriage Gate , where , on the rare occasions they were permitted outside , the women moun­ted their carriages .
you enter by the carriage gate , where , on the rare occasions they were [let/allowed] outside , the women moun­ted their carriages .

In the Indus river valley , improved techniques permitted the storage of wheat and barley beyond daily needs , and so the cities of Harappa and Mohenjodaro emerged in the year 2300 b.c .
in the indus river valley , improved techniques [let/allowed] the storage of wheat and barley beyond daily needs , and so the cities of harappa and mohenjodaro emerged in the year 2300 b.c .

From here the Prophet ascended to the heavens and was permitted to glimpse paradise .
from here the prophet ascended to the heavens and was [let/allowed] to glimpse paradise .

Free-dive spear fishing ( without air container ) is permitted in the FWI , but always check with local fishermen before eating anything you catch ( see page 117 ) .
free-dive spear fishing ( without air container ) is [let/allowed] in the fwi , but always check with local fishermen before eating anything you catch ( see page 117 ) .

The latter was built by Shogun Ieyasu Tokugawa to split and counteract the powerful influence of Nishi-Honganji , which had attracted thousands of followers with its free-wheeling Buddhism : it allowed priests to marry and have children , permitted the eating of meat , and renounced traditional ascetic practices .
the latter was built by shogun ieyasu tokugawa to split and counteract the powerful influence of nishi-honganji , which had attracted thousands of followers with its free-wheeling buddhism : it allowed priests to marry and have children , [let/allowed] the eating of meat , and renounced traditional ascetic practices .

The Ojo Gokurakuin hall at the temple ’ s center contains a magnificent seated Amida Buddha dating from 986 ( and so revered that no photography is permitted ) .
the ojo gokurakuin hall at the temple ’ s center contains a magnificent seated amida buddha dating from 986 ( and so revered that no photography is [let/allowed] ) .

While most such religious laws have been relaxed , burials are still not permitted here .
while most such religious laws have been relaxed , burials are still not [let/allowed] here .

In front of the museum is a model of the neat little settlement they established in 1609 , when the only Japanese permitted to visit were trading partners and prostitutes .
in front of the museum is a model of the neat little settlement they established in 1609 , when the only japanese [let/allowed] to visit were trading partners and prostitutes .

Since this is the only time many Japanese are permitted to take a vacation , it is the worst time to visit Japan , since every hotel , inn , train , and even plane is booked up months in advance .
since this is the only time many japanese are [let/allowed] to take a vacation , it is the worst time to visit japan , since every hotel , inn , train , and even plane is booked up months in advance .

They built the six- and eight-story tenements you see today , cramped quarters in buildings twice as high as those permitted elsewhere , with some floors no more than 6 ft high .
they built the six- and eight-story tenements you see today , cramped quarters in buildings twice as high as those [let/allowed] elsewhere , with some floors no more than 6 ft high .

Fishing : Sea angling is permitted year rou nd , but river fishing requires a license .
fishing : sea angling is [let/allowed] year rou nd , but river fishing requires a license .

After the disaster at Caporetto , the planned Austro-German 1917 advance across the Veneto plain was held until the Italian counterattack of October–November 1918 permitted a triumphant entry into Trento and Trieste .
after the disaster at caporetto , the planned austro-german 1917 advance across the veneto plain was held until the italian counterattack of october–november 1918 [let/allowed] a triumphant entry into trento and trieste .

Non-Hindus are not permitted within the temple precincts , but you can get a good view from the roof of the Raghunandan Library near the temple wall .
non-hindus are not [let/allowed] within the temple precincts , but you can get a good view from the roof of the raghunandan library near the temple wall .

The situation is changing somewhat , but it appears that major development won ’ t be permitted .
the situation is changing somewhat , but it appears that major development won ’ t be [let/allowed] .

If scheduling allows , guests are permitted to watch rehearsals and the filming of TV shows .
if scheduling allows , guests are [let/allowed] to watch rehearsals and the filming of tv shows .

Until the 1940s , horses and carriages were the only modes of transportation permitted along the narrow Bermuda roads , and almost every well-to-do family had a horse-drawn vehicle .
until the 1940s , horses and carriages were the only modes of transportation [let/allowed] along the narrow bermuda roads , and almost every well-to-do family had a horse-drawn vehicle .

He kept Portugal neutral in World War II , but permitted the Allies to use the Azores as a base .
he kept portugal neutral in world war ii , but [let/allowed] the allies to use the azores as a base .

Access is not permitted by car , but the park provides electric bicycles , buggies , and a colorful open-sided tour bus to give access to the interior ; two hours of free cycle use is included with the entry ticket .
access is not [let/allowed] by car , but the park provides electric bicycles , buggies , and a colorful open-sided tour bus to give access to the interior ; two hours of free cycle use is included with the entry ticket .

Ideologically uplifting operas were the only ones permitted during the Cultural Revolution ; classical stories were banned .
ideologically uplifting operas were the only ones [let/allowed] during the cultural revolution ; classical stories were banned .

You may look behind the screen — it ’ s permitted — to see the dalang or puppet master expertly controlling the beautiful figures , speaking all of their lines in a vast range of appropriate voices while conducting the small orchestra .
you may look behind the screen — it ’ s [let/allowed] — to see the dalang or puppet master expertly controlling the beautiful figures , speaking all of their lines in a vast range of appropriate voices while conducting the small orchestra .

Following the Alteration in 1578 Catholics were not permitted to practice their religion , and Hartman — along with a number of other wealthy Catholics of the time — had a secret chapel built , where his family and friends could worship .
following the alteration in 1578 catholics were not [let/allowed] to practice their religion , and hartman — along with a number of other wealthy catholics of the time — had a secret chapel built , where his family and friends could worship .

There are plenty of things for dollar-wielding visitors to buy now that private enterprise is permitted on a limited scale .
there are plenty of things for dollar-wielding visitors to buy now that private enterprise is [let/allowed] on a limited scale .

Such postings permitted employees to easily see how their units ' performance was contributing to agency goals and objectives .
such postings [let/allowed] employees to easily see how their units ' performance was contributing to agency goals and objectives .

The term modification does not include subsidy cost reestimates , the routine administrative workouts of troubled loans , and actions that are permitted within the existing contract terms .
the term modification does not include subsidy cost reestimates , the routine administrative workouts of troubled loans , and actions that are [let/allowed] within the existing contract terms .

The Report and Order also eliminates an exception to an existing rule which permitted cellular licensees under some circumstances to restrict resale by their licensed cellular competitors .
the report and order also eliminates an exception to an existing rule which [let/allowed] cellular licensees under some circumstances to restrict resale by their licensed cellular competitors .

However , combining statistical sampling with fast pay procedures is permitted under appropriate circumstances .
however , combining statistical sampling with fast pay procedures is [let/allowed] under appropriate circumstances .

Generally , access , authorization , and approvals are permitted through various controls and electronic symbols or programmed data elements .
generally , access , authorization , and approvals are [let/allowed] through various controls and electronic symbols or programmed data elements .

Traditional user identification codes and passwords , while permitted under certain circumstances , do not .
traditional user identification codes and passwords , while [let/allowed] under certain circumstances , do not .

GAO Response We responded to the request by stating that although fast pay is permitted under certain criteria , the purchases under the process inquired about would not meet the criteria ( 1 ) where the purchase exceeds $ 25,000 or ( 2 ) if the 10percent error rate is considered by management and the IG office to be above the tolerable acceptable error rate .
gao response we responded to the request by stating that although fast pay is [let/allowed] under certain criteria , the purchases under the process inquired about would not meet the criteria ( 1 ) where the purchase exceeds $ 25,000 or ( 2 ) if the 10percent error rate is considered by management and the ig office to be above the tolerable acceptable error rate .

Fast pay is permitted primarily where there is a continuing relationship with reliable vendors and a geographical separation exists between the payment authorization office and the location where goods and services are received .
fast pay is [let/allowed] primarily where there is a continuing relationship with reliable vendors and a geographical separation exists between the payment authorization office and the location where goods and services are received .

APHIS rejected the first alternative because it believed scientific evidence permitted importation of pork products from Sonora and not permitting such importation would be contrary to trade agreements entered into by the United States .
aphis rejected the first alternative because it believed scientific evidence [let/allowed] importation of pork products from sonora and not permitting such importation would be contrary to trade agreements entered into by the united states .

This approach permitted companies to focus more on design and development with a limited array of new content and technologies in a program .
this approach [let/allowed] companies to focus more on design and development with a limited array of new content and technologies in a program .

APHIS rejected the first alternative because it believed scientific evidence permitted importation of beef from Argentina under certain conditions and not permitting such importation would be contrary to trade agreements entered into by the United States .
aphis rejected the first alternative because it believed scientific evidence [let/allowed] importation of beef from argentina under certain conditions and not permitting such importation would be contrary to trade agreements entered into by the united states .

An organization is not permitted to review the organization that conducted its most recent external peer review .
an organization is not [let/allowed] to review the organization that conducted its most recent external peer review .

The information required by paragraph 603 ( b ) ( 4 ) concerning an estimate of the classes of small entities subject to the requirement and the type of professional skills necessary for preparation of the required report is contained in the preamble under the Paperwork Reduction Act section as permitted by section 605 ( a ) .
the information required by paragraph 603 ( b ) ( 4 ) concerning an estimate of the classes of small entities subject to the requirement and the type of professional skills necessary for preparation of the required report is contained in the preamble under the paperwork reduction act section as [let/allowed] by section 605 ( a ) .

Although the `` Regulations and Proposed Rules '' link also permitted the user to identify `` Environmental Documents '' in the Federal Register , the search tools identified any document related to a date or keyword , not just proposed rules .
although the `` regulations and proposed rules '' link also [let/allowed] the user to identify `` environmental documents '' in the federal register , the search tools identified any document related to a date or keyword , not just proposed rules .

The site permitted the interested public to subscribe to a list server that would notify subscribers by email when NPRMs and final rules are published or posted .
the site [let/allowed] the interested public to subscribe to a list server that would notify subscribers by email when nprms and final rules are published or posted .

Using IT to Facilitate the Receipt of Public Comments All of the regulatory agencies that we examined explicitly permitted the public to submit electronic comments on some , but not all , of their recent proposed rules .
using it to facilitate the receipt of public comments all of the regulatory agencies that we examined explicitly [let/allowed] the public to submit electronic comments on some , but not all , of their recent proposed rules .

EPA and DOL explicitly permitted electronic comments in more than half of the rules they proposed during 1999 , while HHS allowed electronic comments in less than 10 percent of its proposed rules .
epa and dol explicitly [let/allowed] electronic comments in more than half of the rules they proposed during 1999 , while hhs allowed electronic comments in less than 10 percent of its proposed rules .

The agencies also varied in the extent to which they explicitly permitted comments via facsimile , with EPA not calling for facsimile comments in any of its proposed rules during 1999 .
the agencies also varied in the extent to which they explicitly [let/allowed] comments via facsimile , with epa not calling for facsimile comments in any of its proposed rules during 1999 .

However , the agencies that we contacted differed substantially in the extent to which they explicitly provided for these modes of comment during calendar year 1999 , and none of the agencies permitted either mode of communication for all of their proposed rules .
however , the agencies that we contacted differed substantially in the extent to which they explicitly provided for these modes of comment during calendar year 1999 , and none of the agencies [let/allowed] either mode of communication for all of their proposed rules .

For example , a written authorization that a computer system is secure and is permitted to operate in a defined environment .
for example , a written authorization that a computer system is secure and is [let/allowed] to operate in a defined environment .

Even worse for the Court , after invalidating the restriction on this conventional Amendment ground , League of Women Voters goes on to say that `` [ o ] f course , '' the restriction on editorializing `` would plainly be valid '' if `` Congress were to adopt a revised version of [ the statute ] that permitted [ public radio ] stations to establish 'affiliate ' organizations which could then use the station 's facilities to editorialize with nonfederal funds . ''
even worse for the court , after invalidating the restriction on this conventional amendment ground , league of women voters goes on to say that `` [ o ] f course , '' the restriction on editorializing `` would plainly be valid '' if `` congress were to adopt a revised version of [ the statute ] that [let/allowed] [ public radio ] stations to establish 'affiliate ' organizations which could then use the station 's facilities to editorialize with nonfederal funds . ''

If the LSC-funded lawyers were here arguing that the statute permitted representation of individual welfare claimants who did not challenge existing law , I venture to say that the Court would endorse their argument- perhaps with stirring language about the importance of aid to welfare applicants and the Court 's unwillingness to presume without clear indication that Congress would want to eliminate it .
if the lsc-funded lawyers were here arguing that the statute [let/allowed] representation of individual welfare claimants who did not challenge existing law , i venture to say that the court would endorse their argument- perhaps with stirring language about the importance of aid to welfare applicants and the court 's unwillingness to presume without clear indication that congress would want to eliminate it .

Under the final rule , published on November 7 , 2000 , recipients will be permitted to carry over fund balances of 10 % or less ; will be able to seek LSC approval for carryover balances of between 10 % and 25 % ; and will be generally prohibited from retaining fund balances of over 25 % , except in three very limited and especially compelling circumstances .
under the final rule , published on november 7 , 2000 , recipients will be [let/allowed] to carry over fund balances of 10 % or less ; will be able to seek lsc approval for carryover balances of between 10 % and 25 % ; and will be generally prohibited from retaining fund balances of over 25 % , except in three very limited and especially compelling circumstances .

Corporation grantees are permitted to represent several classes of aliens , including lawful permanent aliens , refugees , persons granted asylum , and temporary agricultural workers admitted under the `` H-2A '' program .
corporation grantees are [let/allowed] to represent several classes of aliens , including lawful permanent aliens , refugees , persons granted asylum , and temporary agricultural workers admitted under the `` h-2a '' program .

LSC grantees are permitted to represent several classes of aliens , including lawful permanent aliens , refugees , persons granted asylum , and temporary agricultural workers admitted under the `` H-2A '' program.1 With the sole exception of H-2A workers , LSC grantees may provide general representation to aliens on all the same subjects as is provided to citizens .
lsc grantees are [let/allowed] to represent several classes of aliens , including lawful permanent aliens , refugees , persons granted asylum , and temporary agricultural workers admitted under the `` h-2a '' program.1 with the sole exception of h-2a workers , lsc grantees may provide general representation to aliens on all the same subjects as is provided to citizens .

The approved H-2A visa petition and the corresponding H-2A 8 The controversial `` Bracero '' Program operated between 1942 and 1964 and permitted Mexicans to work temporarily in United States agriculture .
the approved h-2a visa petition and the corresponding h-2a 8 the controversial `` bracero '' program operated between 1942 and 1964 and [let/allowed] mexicans to work temporarily in united states agriculture .

From 1964 to 1986 , entry of foreign agricultural workers was permitted under the H-2 Program which many agricultural employers found inadequate .
from 1964 to 1986 , entry of foreign agricultural workers was [let/allowed] under the h-2 program which many agricultural employers found inadequate .

They are also generally permitted to travel to and from the United States without restriction under U.S. immigration laws .
they are also generally [let/allowed] to travel to and from the united states without restriction under u.s. immigration laws .

The remaining eligible aliens , those fleeing persecution and permitted to remain in or enter the United States as refugees , asylees or conditional entrants , also generally are freely permitted to travel outside of the United States as long as they satisfy the documentary requirements for admission into the United States .
the remaining eligible aliens , those fleeing persecution and [let/allowed] to remain in or enter the united states as refugees , asylees or conditional entrants , also generally are freely [let/allowed] to travel outside of the united states as long as they satisfy the documentary requirements for admission into the united states .

Originally , these provisos permitted the use of LSC funds for legal assistance to an alien if the alien was `` a resident of the United States '' and fell within one of the permissible alien categories , all of which required that an alien was in lawful status.15 See , e.g. , Fiscal Year Appropriations , 1982 , Pub .
originally , these provisos [let/allowed] the use of lsc funds for legal assistance to an alien if the alien was `` a resident of the united states '' and fell within one of the permissible alien categories , all of which required that an alien was in lawful status.15 see , e.g. , fiscal year appropriations , 1982 , pub .

Nothing in the congressional debate discussing the 21 Section 305 of IRCA provided that : A nonimmigrant worker admitted to or permitted to remain in the United States under section 101 ( a ) ( 15 ) ( H ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of the Immigration and Nationality Act .
nothing in the congressional debate discussing the 21 section 305 of irca provided that : a nonimmigrant worker admitted to or [let/allowed] to remain in the united states under section 101 ( a ) ( 15 ) ( h ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of the immigration and nationality act .

However , the DO in the test solution should not be permitted to fall below 4.0 mg/L .
however , the do in the test solution should not be [let/allowed] to fall below 4.0 mg/l .

Permitted power generating plants may opt into the trading program .
[let/allowed] power generating plants may opt into the trading program .

In addition , it seems likely that the Postal Service would be prohibited from selling below incremental cost , would be required to preserve some form of universal service,7 and would be permitted to adjust its service levels .
in addition , it seems likely that the postal service would be prohibited from selling below incremental cost , would be required to preserve some form of universal service,7 and would be [let/allowed] to adjust its service levels .

Even if the doors had not been locked , structural and radiation hazards made the rooftops unsuitable staging areas for a large number of civilians ; and even if conditions permitted general helicopter evacuations-which was not the case-only several people could be lifted at a time .
even if the doors had not been locked , structural and radiation hazards made the rooftops unsuitable staging areas for a large number of civilians ; and even if conditions [let/allowed] general helicopter evacuations-which was not the case-only several people could be lifted at a time .

She still did not believe they could be involved in the intelligence investigation even if the NSA permitted the information to be shared .
she still did not believe they could be involved in the intelligence investigation even if the nsa [let/allowed] the information to be shared .

As enacted in 1978 , FISA permitted orders authorizing electronic surveillance .
as enacted in 1978 , fisa [let/allowed] orders authorizing electronic surveillance .

See Kevin G. Hall , Alfonso Chardy , and Juan O. Tamayo , '' Mix-Up Almost Permitted Deportation of Men Suspected of Terrorist Activities , '' Miami Herald , Sept. 19 , 2001 ; FAA security directive , '' Threat to U.S. Aircraft Operators , '' SD 108-1 , Aug. 28 , 2001 .
see kevin g. hall , alfonso chardy , and juan o. tamayo , '' mix-up almost [let/allowed] deportation of men suspected of terrorist activities , '' miami herald , sept. 19 , 2001 ; faa security directive , '' threat to u.s. aircraft operators , '' sd 108-1 , aug. 28 , 2001 .

While FAA rules did not expressly prohibit knives with blades under 4 inches long , the airlines ' checkpoint operations guide ( which was developed in cooperation with the FAA ) , explicitly permitted them .
while faa rules did not expressly prohibit knives with blades under 4 inches long , the airlines ' checkpoint operations guide ( which was developed in cooperation with the faa ) , explicitly [let/allowed] them .

Although such a reporting relationship had been prescribed in the May 1998 presidential directive ( after expressions of concern by Attorney General Reno , among others ) , that directive contained an exception that permitted the CSG to report directly to the principals if Berger so elected .
although such a reporting relationship had been prescribed in the may 1998 presidential directive ( after expressions of concern by attorney general reno , among others ) , that directive contained an exception that [let/allowed] the csg to report directly to the principals if berger so elected .

A message from Tenet to CIA field agents directed them to communicate to the tribals the instructions authorized by the President : the United States preferred that Bin Ladin and his lieutenants be captured , but if a successful capture operation was not feasible , the tribals were permitted to kill them .
a message from tenet to cia field agents directed them to communicate to the tribals the instructions authorized by the president : the united states preferred that bin ladin and his lieutenants be captured , but if a successful capture operation was not feasible , the tribals were [let/allowed] to kill them .

The program permitted visa applications to be made through travel agencies , instead of directly at the embassy or consulate .
the program [let/allowed] visa applications to be made through travel agencies , instead of directly at the embassy or consulate .

Therefore the sharing and uses of information must be guided by a set of practical policy guidelines that simultaneously empower and constrain officials , telling them clearly what is and is not permitted .
therefore the sharing and uses of information must be guided by a set of practical policy guidelines that simultaneously empower and constrain officials , telling them clearly what is and is not [let/allowed] .

Clarke favored resuming Predator flights over Afghanistan as soon as weather permitted , hoping that they still might provide the elusive `` actionable intelligence '' to target Bin Ladin with cruise missiles .
clarke favored resuming predator flights over afghanistan as soon as weather [let/allowed] , hoping that they still might provide the elusive `` actionable intelligence '' to target bin ladin with cruise missiles .

Alternatively , had they been permitted entry and surveilled , some larger results might have been possible had the FBI been patient .
alternatively , had they been [let/allowed] entry and surveilled , some larger results might have been possible had the fbi been patient .

KSM says that he permitted the trainees to view Hollywood films about hijackings only after he edited the films to cover the female characters .
ksm says that he [let/allowed] the trainees to view hollywood films about hijackings only after he edited the films to cover the female characters .

Another 500,000 or more enter illegally without inspection across America 's thousands of miles of land borders or remain in the country past the expiration of their permitted stay .
another 500,000 or more enter illegally without inspection across america 's thousands of miles of land borders or remain in the country past the expiration of their [let/allowed] stay .

Mihdhar did not trigger the alarm and was permitted through the checkpoint .
mihdhar did not trigger the alarm and was [let/allowed] through the checkpoint .

Salem al Hazmi cleared the metal detector and was permitted through ; Nawaf al Hazmi set off the alarms for both the first and second metal detectors and was then hand-wanded before being passed .
salem al hazmi cleared the metal detector and was [let/allowed] through ; nawaf al hazmi set off the alarms for both the first and second metal detectors and was then hand-wanded before being passed .

At the same time , New York Center declared `` ATC zero '' -meaning that aircraft were not permitted to depart from , arrive at , or travel through New York Center 's airspace until further notice .
at the same time , new york center declared `` atc zero '' -meaning that aircraft were not [let/allowed] to depart from , arrive at , or travel through new york center 's airspace until further notice .

IUU fishers operate in areas where fishing is not permitted , use banned technologies or outlawed net types , or underreport catches .
iuu fishers operate in areas where fishing is not [let/allowed] , use banned technologies or outlawed net types , or underreport catches .

Precisely which uses are permitted and which are not is far from a trivial matter .
precisely which uses are [let/allowed] and which are not is far from a trivial matter .

When a document is “ freely available , ” someone who comes across it may be permitted to do nothing more than read it online on a publisher 's Web site ; the right to use the article in any other way is typically granted only at the publisher 's discretion .
when a document is “ freely available , ” someone who comes across it may be [let/allowed] to do nothing more than read it online on a publisher 's web site ; the right to use the article in any other way is typically granted only at the publisher 's discretion .

The CCAL also ensures that institutions are permitted to archive not only articles written by their own faculty , but all other works published under the same legal terms as well , thereby facilitating their permanent accessibility and preservation .
the ccal also ensures that institutions are [let/allowed] to archive not only articles written by their own faculty , but all other works published under the same legal terms as well , thereby facilitating their permanent accessibility and preservation .

For example , the LOCKSS ( “ Lots of Copies Keep Stuff Safe ” ) program ( http : //lockss.stanford.edu/projectdescbrief.htm ) , an ongoing project to support libraries ' efforts to “ create , preserve , and archive local electronic collections , ” is viable only insofar as institutions are permitted to store information themselves , rather than access it exclusively via publishers ' Web sites .
for example , the lockss ( “ lots of copies keep stuff safe ” ) program ( http : //lockss.stanford.edu/projectdescbrief.htm ) , an ongoing project to support libraries ' efforts to “ create , preserve , and archive local electronic collections , ” is viable only insofar as institutions are [let/allowed] to store information themselves , rather than access it exclusively via publishers ' web sites .

This division of labor permitted the researchers to tack the first R1128 module onto two other enzyme systems , thus engineering completely new anthracyclines .
this division of labor [let/allowed] the researchers to tack the first r1128 module onto two other enzyme systems , thus engineering completely new anthracyclines .

Particularly fond of riding and polo , Oedipa was furious when at thirteen she was no longer permitted on the team .
particularly fond of riding and polo , oedipa was furious when at thirteen she was no longer [let/allowed] on the team .

The unhindered egress of his excreta permitted Ambrose a moment of reflection regarding the toilet as the biological altar where-not unlike the deep connection with Nature inherited from his Native American forebears -- through autonomic muscular contractions and flexions of the organism , one performed the ritual of self-worship in which the very alimentary-eliminative tubular configuration of the human body was experienced most to resemble that of other animals -- fundamentally .
the unhindered egress of his excreta [let/allowed] ambrose a moment of reflection regarding the toilet as the biological altar where-not unlike the deep connection with nature inherited from his native american forebears -- through autonomic muscular contractions and flexions of the organism , one performed the ritual of self-worship in which the very alimentary-eliminative tubular configuration of the human body was experienced most to resemble that of other animals -- fundamentally .

Another proposes that Clinton take a constitutionally permitted `` temporary leave '' while the impeachment trial continues ( he can come back after he wins in the Senate ) .
another proposes that clinton take a constitutionally [let/allowed] `` temporary leave '' while the impeachment trial continues ( he can come back after he wins in the senate ) .

As Finn rightly points out , a similar but narrower penalty provision in the 1994 reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act has never been used ; although some states have received warnings , none has lost funds , as is permitted under the law .
as finn rightly points out , a similar but narrower penalty provision in the 1994 reauthorization of the elementary and secondary education act has never been used ; although some states have received warnings , none has lost funds , as is [let/allowed] under the law .

In '50s movies set in Elizabethan times , of course , everybody wore big , molded , and pointy breasts with their Renaissancey garb -- no flattening was permitted and certainly no exposure .
in '50s movies set in elizabethan times , of course , everybody wore big , molded , and pointy breasts with their renaissancey garb -- no flattening was [let/allowed] and certainly no exposure .

Is n't the most reprehensible aspect of Clinton 's conduct from a moral point of view the fact that he either orchestrated or knowingly permitted the resources of his position and office to be used in an attempt to destroy the reputations of those who have accused him of misdeeds ?
is n't the most reprehensible aspect of clinton 's conduct from a moral point of view the fact that he either orchestrated or knowingly [let/allowed] the resources of his position and office to be used in an attempt to destroy the reputations of those who have accused him of misdeeds ?

Since the Constitution only permitted the national government to regulate `` commerce , '' whole areas of economic life were outside federal jurisdiction .
since the constitution only [let/allowed] the national government to regulate `` commerce , '' whole areas of economic life were outside federal jurisdiction .

Back during the Nixon administration , Supreme Court decisions permitted some `` obscene '' materials to be distributed only if they were combined with other matters that had `` redeeming social value . ''
back during the nixon administration , supreme court decisions [let/allowed] some `` obscene '' materials to be distributed only if they were combined with other matters that had `` redeeming social value . ''

Under the terms of the deal , Amos was not even permitted to use his own name for business ventures .
under the terms of the deal , amos was not even [let/allowed] to use his own name for business ventures .

While sophisticated double-entendres are permitted , single-entendres are preferred .
while sophisticated double-entendres are [let/allowed] , single-entendres are preferred .

The `` visitors '' are , indeed , using you , but you 've permitted it .
the `` visitors '' are , indeed , using you , but you 've [let/allowed] it .

The builders could n't have put up such fragile buildings if the authorities had not permitted it . ''
the builders could n't have put up such fragile buildings if the authorities had not [let/allowed] it . ''

Still , the general reader may be permitted to wonder : Why is biography such a protracted affair ?
still , the general reader may be [let/allowed] to wonder : why is biography such a protracted affair ?

There are many things that are permitted to adults -- e.g .
there are many things that are [let/allowed] to adults -- e.g .

Annan failed to understand the most basic inspection rules and permitted the Iraqis to introduce gaping loopholes in the process .
annan failed to understand the most basic inspection rules and [let/allowed] the iraqis to introduce gaping loopholes in the process .

The Disneyfied Tarzan is such a wimp that he is not allowed to kill anything or anybody , although our Paleolithic pacifist is permitted to use martial arts techniques in self-defense .
the disneyfied tarzan is such a wimp that he is not allowed to kill anything or anybody , although our paleolithic pacifist is [let/allowed] to use martial arts techniques in self-defense .

So we still scapegoat RN for all the sins of the era to avoid having to ask tough questions about what really happened to Indochina , and to America , when Hanoi and the Khmer Rouge were permitted to have their way with people whom we 'd pledged to protect ( and almost succeeded in protecting ) .
so we still scapegoat rn for all the sins of the era to avoid having to ask tough questions about what really happened to indochina , and to america , when hanoi and the khmer rouge were [let/allowed] to have their way with people whom we 'd pledged to protect ( and almost succeeded in protecting ) .

Every bottle of alcohol carries a government warning label , and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms has never permitted ads or labels to carry any health claims , even mild ones .
every bottle of alcohol carries a government warning label , and the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms has never [let/allowed] ads or labels to carry any health claims , even mild ones .

They 're just not permitted to express this belief . )
they 're just not [let/allowed] to express this belief . )

It 's so great that it 's amazing that it was ever broadcast , much less promoted to the point that it was permitted to gather an audience and eventually become successful .
it 's so great that it 's amazing that it was ever broadcast , much less promoted to the point that it was [let/allowed] to gather an audience and eventually become successful .

The Daschle proposal would have permitted abortions after viability if continuing the pregnancy posed a risk of `` grievous harm '' to the mother 's health , a determination left solely to the doctor .
the daschle proposal would have [let/allowed] abortions after viability if continuing the pregnancy posed a risk of `` grievous harm '' to the mother 's health , a determination left solely to the doctor .

Are we permitted to dream ? ''
are we [let/allowed] to dream ? ''

To pick another hypothetical example , if Monica Lewinsky has told Linda Tripp 's tape recorder that she , Monica , had phone sex with the president on December 3 after buying a copy of Vox , is n't Starr permitted to try to support the accuracy of those taped recollections by finding out if Lewinsky actually bought the book around that date ?
to pick another hypothetical example , if monica lewinsky has told linda tripp 's tape recorder that she , monica , had phone sex with the president on december 3 after buying a copy of vox , is n't starr [let/allowed] to try to support the accuracy of those taped recollections by finding out if lewinsky actually bought the book around that date ?

The Supreme Court permitted the Jones suit in part because it would not distract the president from his job .
the supreme court [let/allowed] the jones suit in part because it would not distract the president from his job .

You are permitted to weave variations on a few side issues -- for example , was his apology groveling enough ?
you are [let/allowed] to weave variations on a few side issues -- for example , was his apology groveling enough ?

You are no longer permitted to say the basic question is unclear or you need more time to think .
you are no longer [let/allowed] to say the basic question is unclear or you need more time to think .

You mention her `` optimism '' ; I would prefer the word `` cheer , '' for I think Powell was deeply pessimistic in many ways -- in the grand old Stoical manner -- and that it was this pessimism that permitted her to throw herself into life and living with such abandon .
you mention her `` optimism '' ; i would prefer the word `` cheer , '' for i think powell was deeply pessimistic in many ways -- in the grand old stoical manner -- and that it was this pessimism that [let/allowed] her to throw herself into life and living with such abandon .

Many of them also `` wondered if this may not be the start of an evolution affecting all democracies because of the distrust that surrounds political leaders , the latitude permitted to judges , and the pressure of the media , '' it reported in its main front-page story .
many of them also `` wondered if this may not be the start of an evolution affecting all democracies because of the distrust that surrounds political leaders , the latitude [let/allowed] to judges , and the pressure of the media , '' it reported in its main front-page story .

At the same time , the charge made most memorably by her brother , Earl Spencer , at her funeral in Westminster Abbey , that paparazzi were responsible for her death , has been implicitly rejected by her executors , who , according to the Sunday Times of London ( quoting `` senior royal sources '' ) , are preparing to sue Mohamed al-Fayed 's Ritz Hotel in Paris for at least $ 13 million for allowing the hotel security man Henri Paul to drive her when he had three times the legally permitted amount of alcohol in his blood .
at the same time , the charge made most memorably by her brother , earl spencer , at her funeral in westminster abbey , that paparazzi were responsible for her death , has been implicitly rejected by her executors , who , according to the sunday times of london ( quoting `` senior royal sources '' ) , are preparing to sue mohamed al-fayed 's ritz hotel in paris for at least $ 13 million for allowing the hotel security man henri paul to drive her when he had three times the legally [let/allowed] amount of alcohol in his blood .

Szasz worries that standards for entry into the union will soon be diluted and that Italy 's admission could cause `` major problems '' : `` If that country is permitted to join , it will be on the basis of what they say they are going to do , not on what has been achieved . ''
szasz worries that standards for entry into the union will soon be diluted and that italy 's admission could cause `` major problems '' : `` if that country is [let/allowed] to join , it will be on the basis of what they say they are going to do , not on what has been achieved . ''

The conservative Daily Telegraph of London extracted an admission Thursday from the British government that until last year , it had permitted the export to Iraq of materials used in the production of anthrax .
the conservative daily telegraph of london extracted an admission thursday from the british government that until last year , it had [let/allowed] the export to iraq of materials used in the production of anthrax .

At the same time as all this , the Fernandina city and Nassau County governments have been enthralled by a new development that has been zoned and permitted and is now rising to Fernandina 's east .
at the same time as all this , the fernandina city and nassau county governments have been enthralled by a new development that has been zoned and [let/allowed] and is now rising to fernandina 's east .

The adversarial system permitted such questions to be asked and answered -- admittedly a vexatious experience for the survivors but one that does entail an airing of the facts of the Holocaust .
the adversarial system [let/allowed] such questions to be asked and answered -- admittedly a vexatious experience for the survivors but one that does entail an airing of the facts of the holocaust .

The advanced 1890s permitted bathing suits to catch the eye , but only with nautical touches and a less engulfing shape , under which corseting might be applied to sharpen the outline .
the advanced 1890s [let/allowed] bathing suits to catch the eye , but only with nautical touches and a less engulfing shape , under which corseting might be applied to sharpen the outline .

Involved though he was with a literary life , he never abandoned medicine as long as his health permitted .
involved though he was with a literary life , he never abandoned medicine as long as his health [let/allowed] .

They could sketch or describe new fashions as accurately as their spying talents permitted .
they could sketch or describe new fashions as accurately as their spying talents [let/allowed] .

The tragic couple was permitted a night of passion , and a moist epilogue shows a happy little girl , the product of this union , frolicking with her mother some years later : the happy end of a happy ending .
the tragic couple was [let/allowed] a night of passion , and a moist epilogue shows a happy little girl , the product of this union , frolicking with her mother some years later : the happy end of a happy ending .

I disapprove of most forms of public affirmative action myself , on the premise that public authorities should n't be permitted to allocate burdens and benefits on racial grounds in the absence of an absolute emergency .
i disapprove of most forms of public affirmative action myself , on the premise that public authorities should n't be [let/allowed] to allocate burdens and benefits on racial grounds in the absence of an absolute emergency .

Domestic drug use is severely punished , but heroin production for export is permitted .
domestic drug use is severely punished , but heroin production for export is [let/allowed] .

William Styron argues that `` a complicity between the public and the media has generated an ignoble voyeurism so pervasive that we have never permitted a candidate like Bill Clinton to proclaim with fury that his sex life , past and present , is nobody 's business but his own . ''
william styron argues that `` a complicity between the public and the media has generated an ignoble voyeurism so pervasive that we have never [let/allowed] a candidate like bill clinton to proclaim with fury that his sex life , past and present , is nobody 's business but his own . ''

The pollsters also detected an increasingly acute sensitivity to abortion timing : Sixty-one percent of those polled thought abortions should be permitted during the first trimester , but only 15 percent in the second and just 7 percent in the third .
the pollsters also detected an increasingly acute sensitivity to abortion timing : sixty-one percent of those polled thought abortions should be [let/allowed] during the first trimester , but only 15 percent in the second and just 7 percent in the third .

The New York Times , WP , and LAT go front-page with yesterday 's four nearly unanimous House votes stating that President Clinton failed to act in the national interest earlier this year when he permitted a U.S. company headed up by a large DNC donor to sell satellite technology to China .
the new york times , wp , and lat go front-page with yesterday 's four nearly unanimous house votes stating that president clinton failed to act in the national interest earlier this year when he [let/allowed] a u.s. company headed up by a large dnc donor to sell satellite technology to china .

Chatterbox was too beguiled by this little operetta to notice at the time that once Bradley finally permitted Roberts to change the subject , it was Bradley who gave Roberts a nonsensical answer .
chatterbox was too beguiled by this little operetta to notice at the time that once bradley finally [let/allowed] roberts to change the subject , it was bradley who gave roberts a nonsensical answer .

Small revolutions took place when , say , failure was accepted as a subject or national costume permitted .
small revolutions took place when , say , failure was accepted as a subject or national costume [let/allowed] .

One reason , I think , was a giddy feeling in the late '70s that the End was Nigh , so everything was permitted and there was no reason to compete .
one reason , i think , was a giddy feeling in the late '70s that the end was nigh , so everything was [let/allowed] and there was no reason to compete .

When Lenin instituted the New Economic Policy in 1921 -- which permitted a limited amount of capitalist competition in order to restore some of the country 's cash flow -- Rodchenko and Mayakovsky became the advertising agency for many of the state 's manufacturing and retail operations , which , in a sense , let them have their cake and eat it , too .
when lenin instituted the new economic policy in 1921 -- which [let/allowed] a limited amount of capitalist competition in order to restore some of the country 's cash flow -- rodchenko and mayakovsky became the advertising agency for many of the state 's manufacturing and retail operations , which , in a sense , let them have their cake and eat it , too .

Still , if the merger does go through , Chatterbox urges the Justice Department take the precaution of stipulating that AOL Time Warner not be permitted to film any sequels to You 've Got Mail .
still , if the merger does go through , chatterbox urges the justice department take the precaution of stipulating that aol time warner not be [let/allowed] to film any sequels to you 've got mail .

If such sequels are permitted , the characters should be compelled to switch over to another Internet service provider , like Erols or MindSpring .
if such sequels are [let/allowed] , the characters should be compelled to switch over to another internet service provider , like erols or mindspring .

According to a note at the end of the catalog , `` Individuals were not permitted to speak about the crime , guilt or innocence , or prison conditions unless specifically requested by their attorney . ''
according to a note at the end of the catalog , `` individuals were not [let/allowed] to speak about the crime , guilt or innocence , or prison conditions unless specifically requested by their attorney . ''

However , if I know the new way is inappropriate , I can not be permitted to cave .
however , if i know the new way is inappropriate , i can not be [let/allowed] to cave .

As permitted by the ABM Treaty inked with Moscow in 1972 , the Ford administration unveiled an $ 8 billion , 100-missile site in North Dakota in 1975 .
as [let/allowed] by the abm treaty inked with moscow in 1972 , the ford administration unveiled an $ 8 billion , 100-missile site in north dakota in 1975 .

I have suggested to my colleagues that none of us should be permitted to present ourselves to the world as economists until we figure out what this gas station is up to .
i have suggested to my colleagues that none of us should be [let/allowed] to present ourselves to the world as economists until we figure out what this gas station is up to .

They are permitted to spend one hour per day in separate cages in the exercise yard , where they can speak to each other through mesh fences .
they are [let/allowed] to spend one hour per day in separate cages in the exercise yard , where they can speak to each other through mesh fences .

The German press led on the deal struck at a stormy meeting of the Green Party , a member of Germany 's ruling coalition , by which the government of Chancellor Gerhard Schröder is permitted to hold to its existing war policy .
the german press led on the deal struck at a stormy meeting of the green party , a member of germany 's ruling coalition , by which the government of chancellor gerhard schröder is [let/allowed] to hold to its existing war policy .

Last October , in a column that featured selections from some of the predictably misogynist hate mail she has received from both liberals and conservatives , Dowd permitted herself to fantasize about a parallel universe in which she could be `` a champagne farmer in France in love with a neighboring cognac farmer .
last october , in a column that featured selections from some of the predictably misogynist hate mail she has received from both liberals and conservatives , dowd [let/allowed] herself to fantasize about a parallel universe in which she could be `` a champagne farmer in france in love with a neighboring cognac farmer .

He had `` quietly '' permitted Loral to export to China the same technology supposedly leaked in the 1996 incident .
he had `` quietly '' [let/allowed] loral to export to china the same technology supposedly leaked in the 1996 incident .

Kurds constitute only 10 percent of Iran 's population ; their culture and language are much closer to Iran 's than they are to Turkey 's or Iraq 's ; and Iranian governments have permitted them limited cultural expression , though no political autonomy .
kurds constitute only 10 percent of iran 's population ; their culture and language are much closer to iran 's than they are to turkey 's or iraq 's ; and iranian governments have [let/allowed] them limited cultural expression , though no political autonomy .

Perot is permitted to seek private funds up to the $ 61.82 million limit .
perot is [let/allowed] to seek private funds up to the $ 61.82 million limit .

Second only in urgency to the question of whether the president of the United States should be impeached for subornation of perjury is the question of whether a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) charitable organization is legally permitted to engage in lobbying of Congress .
second only in urgency to the question of whether the president of the united states should be impeached for subornation of perjury is the question of whether a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) charitable organization is legally [let/allowed] to engage in lobbying of congress .

The jet allegedly came within 130 feet of hitting the gondola after flying just 300 to 500 feet above the ground -- well below its permitted altitude -- for at least seven miles , bolstering the theory that the crew was flying recklessly .
the jet allegedly came within 130 feet of hitting the gondola after flying just 300 to 500 feet above the ground -- well below its [let/allowed] altitude -- for at least seven miles , bolstering the theory that the crew was flying recklessly .

And it goes on , `` Federal law prohibits smoking/ On most domestic flights./ No smoking is permitted , / Do n't even try to light . ''
and it goes on , `` federal law prohibits smoking/ on most domestic flights./ no smoking is [let/allowed] , / do n't even try to light . ''

Dark-haired girls could dye their hair blond , but no trace of the original color was permitted to show .
dark-haired girls could dye their hair blond , but no trace of the original color was [let/allowed] to show .

Likewise , a bit of juggling with apostrophes , quotation marks , and capitals is permitted , always on the understanding that no punctuation or spelling rules are infringed .
likewise , a bit of juggling with apostrophes , quotation marks , and capitals is [let/allowed] , always on the understanding that no punctuation or spelling rules are infringed .

The comment on square the circle in the review of Loose Cannons & Red Herrings [ XV,3 ] misses the point when it states , “ ... there is no mathematical way of calculating the dimensions of a square with the same area as that of a given circle. ” This classic geometrical problem requires that one start with a given circle and construct a square of the same area , using the straight-edge and compass , the only tools permitted the geometer .
the comment on square the circle in the review of loose cannons & red herrings [ xv,3 ] misses the point when it states , “ ... there is no mathematical way of calculating the dimensions of a square with the same area as that of a given circle. ” this classic geometrical problem requires that one start with a given circle and construct a square of the same area , using the straight-edge and compass , the only tools [let/allowed] the geometer .

He has changed his name to \ ? \ , a character of unspecified phonetic value , that ( if I may be permitted to hazard a conjecture about this decidedly nonlinguistic symbol ) seems to be a cross between the female sign \ ? \ , the male sign \ ? \ , and the Egyptian ankh sign \ ? \ .
he has changed his name to \ ? \ , a character of unspecified phonetic value , that ( if i may be [let/allowed] to hazard a conjecture about this decidedly nonlinguistic symbol ) seems to be a cross between the female sign \ ? \ , the male sign \ ? \ , and the egyptian ankh sign \ ? \ .

Last week , I was stopped at a traffic light with a sign underneath that read , “ RIGHT ON RED AFTER STOP. ” Since I live where right turns at a red light are permitted , first I did not think much about it .
last week , i was stopped at a traffic light with a sign underneath that read , “ right on red after stop. ” since i live where right turns at a red light are [let/allowed] , first i did not think much about it .

Whereas must says there are laws and facts that necessitate some occurrence , can asserts that whatever laws and facts there are , some occurrence is permitted ( or possible ) .
whereas must says there are laws and facts that necessitate some occurrence , can asserts that whatever laws and facts there are , some occurrence is [let/allowed] ( or possible ) .

In 1967 , bugger was permitted in Up the Junction .
in 1967 , bugger was [let/allowed] in up the junction .

I devised what I thought was a useful system for showing syllabification of boldface words in the Collins English Dictionary : places where hyphens could occur were marked by a tiny plus sign ( except for spelling hyphens , which always permitted end-of-line hyphens ) ; places that marked syllable breaks but where hyphenation was avoided , were marked by a centered dot :
i devised what i thought was a useful system for showing syllabification of boldface words in the collins english dictionary : places where hyphens could occur were marked by a tiny plus sign ( except for spelling hyphens , which always [let/allowed] end-of-line hyphens ) ; places that marked syllable breaks but where hyphenation was avoided , were marked by a centered dot :

One admiral declares that he was literally thus cradled , under the breast of a gun-carriage. ” Taking this clue , word detectives suggest that son of a gun originated during the eighteenth century , when nonmilitary women were permitted to live aboard naval ships .
one admiral declares that he was literally thus cradled , under the breast of a gun-carriage. ” taking this clue , word detectives suggest that son of a gun originated during the eighteenth century , when nonmilitary women were [let/allowed] to live aboard naval ships .

