It 's for you to study and peruse so that you
it 's for you to study and [read] so that you

Bear this in mind when you peruse the catalogues and the plants on offer in the nursery garden centre plunge beds .
bear this in mind when you [read] the catalogues and the plants on offer in the nursery garden centre plunge beds .

My bookshelf is sagging under the weight of all my The Artist magazines , all in order of date and so often taken out to peruse back numbers .
my bookshelf is sagging under the weight of all my the artist magazines , all in order of date and so often taken out to [read] back numbers .

As soon as the man 's wallet was in his hand , the Doctor retreated hastily back to the car to peruse the contents .
as soon as the man 's wallet was in his hand , the doctor retreated hastily back to the car to [read] the contents .

He sits sideways on , in a Pose distantly related to that adopted by Whistler for his portrait of his mother , and holds a furled umbrella in one hand , a hat in the other , as he bends forward to peruse an Etty oil sketch , a copy of the Observer at his feet .
he sits sideways on , in a pose distantly related to that adopted by whistler for his portrait of his mother , and holds a furled umbrella in one hand , a hat in the other , as he bends forward to [read] an etty oil sketch , a copy of the observer at his feet .

By then it was expected a set of scripts for that show would be available in rehearsal form for the Director to peruse , assess and add his contribution .
by then it was expected a set of scripts for that show would be available in rehearsal form for the director to [read] , assess and add his contribution .

The Law Society will peruse the bill and documents and certify that the sum charged is fair and reasonable or that a lower sum should be charged .
the law society will [read] the bill and documents and certify that the sum charged is fair and reasonable or that a lower sum should be charged .

Before you do this you 'll need to peruse the title ( see Chapter 5 ) to ensure that all easements , rights and liabilities on the title are disclosed to the buyer , and that any defects or difficulties are disclosed and the buyer shut off from objecting to them after exchange .
before you do this you 'll need to [read] the title ( see chapter 5 ) to ensure that all easements , rights and liabilities on the title are disclosed to the buyer , and that any defects or difficulties are disclosed and the buyer shut off from objecting to them after exchange .

( 3 ) Peruse and check title .
( 3 ) [read] and check title .

( d ) Action on receipt of replies First peruse each reply carefully , consider its significance ; and if the reply is benign , pass on to the next , but before you do , tick the answer in the margin , or if it calls for clarification or action , put a cross in the margin , so that when you have considered every reply , you can go over them all comprehensively , and take whatever action is called for .
( d ) action on receipt of replies first [read] each reply carefully , consider its significance ; and if the reply is benign , pass on to the next , but before you do , tick the answer in the margin , or if it calls for clarification or action , put a cross in the margin , so that when you have considered every reply , you can go over them all comprehensively , and take whatever action is called for .

If a seller 's unregistered title on a purchase is subsequently registered , the seller 's conveyancer , on a sale , should peruse the original conveyance to the seller ( returned with the land or charge certificate ) for positive covenants .
if a seller 's unregistered title on a purchase is subsequently registered , the seller 's conveyancer , on a sale , should [read] the original conveyance to the seller ( returned with the land or charge certificate ) for positive covenants .

If one were to peruse the extensive range of surveys of the applications of the rational expectations hypothesis to macroeconomics , one would come across a different framework of analysis , one which is so widely accepted that it is rarely explained in any detail , still less is its theoretical basis probed critically or its conclusions called into question .
if one were to [read] the extensive range of surveys of the applications of the rational expectations hypothesis to macroeconomics , one would come across a different framework of analysis , one which is so widely accepted that it is rarely explained in any detail , still less is its theoretical basis probed critically or its conclusions called into question .

By the same token , however , says Ryan , one would have to conclude that the world of `` Jabberwocky `` contains computers , and that Little Red Riding Hood could , if so inclined , peruse the writings of Aquinas .
by the same token , however , says ryan , one would have to conclude that the world of `` jabberwocky `` contains computers , and that little red riding hood could , if so inclined , [read] the writings of aquinas .

The procedure also gives your solicitors the opportunity to peruse your file at an earlier stage .
the procedure also gives your solicitors the opportunity to [read] your file at an earlier stage .

‘ Shall we peruse Mr Kobold 's intended purchase ? ’
‘ shall we [read] mr kobold 's intended purchase ? ’

You are tested on the meaning of up to 100 words , for example , does the word ‘ peruse ’ mean ‘ to skim ’ or ‘ to glance over ’ ?
you are tested on the meaning of up to 100 words , for example , does the word ‘ [read] ’ mean ‘ to skim ’ or ‘ to glance over ’ ?

Kitchen Sink Three high density disks ' worth of installation ( and a cuppa ) later , you 'll have a veritable plethora of programs to peruse .
kitchen sink three high density disks ' worth of installation ( and a cuppa ) later , you 'll have a veritable plethora of programs to [read] .

Mrs Alice James described a man of similar appearance who had rushed past her near Cross Street and she , accompanied by Mrs Lewington and Mrs Loxton , were escorted to Valpy Street to peruse the Criminal Records Office picture gallery .
mrs alice james described a man of similar appearance who had rushed past her near cross street and she , accompanied by mrs lewington and mrs loxton , were escorted to valpy street to [read] the criminal records office picture gallery .

Again she leant forward , ostensibly to peruse it more closely .
again she leant forward , ostensibly to [read] it more closely .

The second step would be to invite experimentalists to peruse the list and find those potential genes whose protein products might lie within their realm of expertise so that they could use their experimental knowledge and reagents to quickly test for function .
the second step would be to invite experimentalists to [read] the list and find those potential genes whose protein products might lie within their realm of expertise so that they could use their experimental knowledge and reagents to quickly test for function .

Martha 's picture-perfect house porn engages your fantasy life while you peruse , then makes you feel bad afterward .
martha 's picture-perfect house porn engages your fantasy life while you [read] , then makes you feel bad afterward .

At my out-of-date public library , I peruse books on the beauties of baby-making .
at my out-of-date public library , i [read] books on the beauties of baby-making .

At my up-to-date local bookstore , I peruse books about how touching parts of `` your changing body '' feels so good .
at my up-to-date local bookstore , i [read] books about how touching parts of `` your changing body '' feels so good .

Directed , one can peruse a number of Greek dictionaries -- especially Creighton 's “ Mega Hellano-Anglikon Lexikon , p. 919 ) -- and read definitions emphasizing delicacy , softness , effeminacy in men , homosexuality , and masturbation .
directed , one can [read] a number of greek dictionaries -- especially creighton 's “ mega hellano-anglikon lexikon , p. 919 ) -- and read definitions emphasizing delicacy , softness , effeminacy in men , homosexuality , and masturbation .

