Mr. Kennan , who has recently abandoned authorship for a new round of diplomacy as the recently appointed American ambassador to Yugoslavia , is not the only man who finds it easier to portray the past than to prescribe for the future .
mr. kennan , who has recently abandoned authorship for a new round of diplomacy as the recently appointed american ambassador to yugoslavia , is not the only man who finds it easier to [show] the past than to prescribe for the future .

We know that actors can learn to portray a wide variety of character roles .
we know that actors can learn to [show] a wide variety of character roles .

By this same combination of the will and the imagination , each one of us can learn to portray permanently the kind of character we would like to be .
by this same combination of the will and the imagination , each one of us can learn to [show] permanently the kind of character we would like to be .

For example , some contemporary writing tends to fuse the `` good guys '' and the `` bad guys '' , to portray the weak people as heroes and weakness as a virtue , and to explain ( or even justify ) asocial behavior by attributing it to deterministic psychological , familial , and social experiences .
for example , some contemporary writing tends to fuse the `` good guys '' and the `` bad guys '' , to [show] the weak people as heroes and weakness as a virtue , and to explain ( or even justify ) asocial behavior by attributing it to deterministic psychological , familial , and social experiences .

It should have a dramatic form with pleasing language , and it should portray incidents which so arouse pity and fear that it purges these emotions in the audience .
it should have a dramatic form with pleasing language , and it should [show] incidents which so arouse pity and fear that it purges these emotions in the audience .

The whole purpose of Man's Hope is to portray the tragic dialectic between means and ends inherent in all organized political violence -- and even when such violence is a necessary and legitimate self-defense of liberty , justice and human dignity .
the whole purpose of man's hope is to [show] the tragic dialectic between means and ends inherent in all organized political violence -- and even when such violence is a necessary and legitimate self-defense of liberty , justice and human dignity .

The British Union for Abolition of Vivisection opposes the trapping and caging of animals , so it 's employed an actor to portray a monkey for its latest campaign .
the british union for abolition of vivisection opposes the trapping and caging of animals , so it 's employed an actor to [show] a monkey for its latest campaign .

this and every things in and the Americans always portray the British as being oh jolly , stiff upper lip , do n't they ?
this and every things in and the americans always [show] the british as being oh jolly , stiff upper lip , do n't they ?

you know , identify with it , even if you do n't portray those feelings .
you know , identify with it , even if you do n't [show] those feelings .

He recalled also that the company had won awards for quality and production but added : ‘ It will be difficult to portray that image when there are several hundred people at the factory gate shouting abuse at prospective customers . ’
he recalled also that the company had won awards for quality and production but added : ‘ it will be difficult to [show] that image when there are several hundred people at the factory gate shouting abuse at prospective customers . ’

That is you could portray yourself as plausible by using the correct mannerisms .
that is you could [show] yourself as plausible by using the correct mannerisms .

An actor may portray a cabinet minister making a speech , or talking with his mouth full , and a merely technically accurate imitation of reality will suffice .
an actor may [show] a cabinet minister making a speech , or talking with his mouth full , and a merely technically accurate imitation of reality will suffice .

Serious cinema 's attempts to portray sexual passion have generally succeeded best according to the extent they have ignored this temptation : think of Brando , obese , with straggling grey hair and face plastered with pan-stick , howling obscenities as he floors Maria Schneider ; or Dennis Hopper , jumping on Isabella Rossellini like a mad dog with velvet , scissors , and mask .
serious cinema 's attempts to [show] sexual passion have generally succeeded best according to the extent they have ignored this temptation : think of brando , obese , with straggling grey hair and face plastered with pan-stick , howling obscenities as he floors maria schneider ; or dennis hopper , jumping on isabella rossellini like a mad dog with velvet , scissors , and mask .

Take all violence out of television drama and you disconnect it from reality , leaving it unable to portray anything deeper than its own bonds .
take all violence out of television drama and you disconnect it from reality , leaving it unable to [show] anything deeper than its own bonds .

While citing Home Alone as an example of ‘ kids know best ’ syndrome , he attributes its phenomenal box-office performance to ‘ the public 's powerful hunger for movies that portray reasonably well-adjusted , happy middle-class families ’ .
while citing home alone as an example of ‘ kids know best ’ syndrome , he attributes its phenomenal box-office performance to ‘ the public 's powerful hunger for movies that [show] reasonably well-adjusted , happy middle-class families ’ .

At least the cartoons , which all seemed to portray their victims with spiky western-like faces , showed wit and originality , even if their theme was bit repetitive .
at least the cartoons , which all seemed to [show] their victims with spiky western-like faces , showed wit and originality , even if their theme was bit repetitive .

Trollope possessed the skill of being able to portray these three very different women , Madeline Vesey Neroni , Mrs. Proudie and Mrs. Crawley , in such a way that makes the reader feel on intimate terms with each of them .
trollope possessed the skill of being able to [show] these three very different women , madeline vesey neroni , mrs. proudie and mrs. crawley , in such a way that makes the reader feel on intimate terms with each of them .

The Color Purple does not portray this same view as widely as The Outsiders , mainly because Celie is coloured and in the era that the book was set — 1920 's , racism was very strong and coloured people had no rights at all .
the color purple does not [show] this same view as widely as the outsiders , mainly because celie is coloured and in the era that the book was set — 1920 's , racism was very strong and coloured people had no rights at all .

The diagram can portray actual numbers in the age-sex classes so that differences in total population size are apparent .
the diagram can [show] actual numbers in the age-sex classes so that differences in total population size are apparent .

’ But Harding makes room in his show for some songs which portray the more sensitive side of his nature .
’ but harding makes room in his show for some songs which [show] the more sensitive side of his nature .

The media portray some of the efforts that have been made as holidays or rewards for young offenders .
the media [show] some of the efforts that have been made as holidays or rewards for young offenders .

For audiences at the Liverpool Playhouse it is difficult to imagine anyone who could portray the bored middle-aged housewife so well .
for audiences at the liverpool playhouse it is difficult to imagine anyone who could [show] the bored middle-aged housewife so well .

The Department is housed in two classrooms and a small study , all of which are pleasantly furnished and help to portray the welcoming , friendly attitude we have towards the pupils .
the department is housed in two classrooms and a small study , all of which are pleasantly furnished and help to [show] the welcoming , friendly attitude we have towards the pupils .

’ Although Dustin is perfectly able to portray nastiness , he has never allowed himself to be other than sympathetic to audiences in whatever he has done .
’ although dustin is perfectly able to [show] nastiness , he has never allowed himself to be other than sympathetic to audiences in whatever he has done .

It is grotesque to portray me as some sort of blue-eyed optimist . — Lamont , December 31 , 1991
it is grotesque to [show] me as some sort of blue-eyed optimist . — lamont , december 31 , 1991

You may even wish to abandon realistic colour altogether and portray a blue apple ; the choice is yours .
you may even wish to abandon realistic colour altogether and [show] a blue apple ; the choice is yours .

Some scholars study the ‘ eschatology ’ of advertising messages that portray hamburgers as ‘ heavenly ’ , washing powder as the source of almost spiritual ‘ purity ’ or exotic holidays as a quest for ‘ paradise ’ .
some scholars study the ‘ eschatology ’ of advertising messages that [show] hamburgers as ‘ heavenly ’ , washing powder as the source of almost spiritual ‘ purity ’ or exotic holidays as a quest for ‘ paradise ’ .

It seems his effort , which is what has taken two weeks ’ — he glanced at Jim Donaldson as he spoke — ‘ to portray himself as the guy trying to help Zack , and all the rest of us here and there as the bad guys making problems , has worked .
it seems his effort , which is what has taken two weeks ’ — he glanced at jim donaldson as he spoke — ‘ to [show] himself as the guy trying to help zack , and all the rest of us here and there as the bad guys making problems , has worked .

Most of all , The Lord of the Rings is felt not to be true to ‘ the fundamental character of reality ’ , not to mirror ‘ an adult experience of the world ’ , not to portray ‘ an emotional truth about humanity ’ .
most of all , the lord of the rings is felt not to be true to ‘ the fundamental character of reality ’ , not to mirror ‘ an adult experience of the world ’ , not to [show] ‘ an emotional truth about humanity ’ .

Carol Reed was chosen to direct , and he chose Trevor Howard to portray Bligh .
carol reed was chosen to direct , and he chose trevor howard to [show] bligh .

Equally they recognise that their pupils are exposed to sophisticated and easily accessible media which graphically , and at times gratu-itously , portray the violence and disharmony that exists in society .
equally they recognise that their pupils are exposed to sophisticated and easily accessible media which graphically , and at times gratu-itously , [show] the violence and disharmony that exists in society .

The Coleman Report ( 1966 ) and the Jencks Report ( 1972 ) from America accompanied British evidence , in the form of the Plowden Report and Bernstein ( 1970 ) , to portray a pessimistic view of the influence of schools upon pupils .
the coleman report ( 1966 ) and the jencks report ( 1972 ) from america accompanied british evidence , in the form of the plowden report and bernstein ( 1970 ) , to [show] a pessimistic view of the influence of schools upon pupils .

Curran is convinced that it produced a ‘ muted radicalism ’ but it would be equally justified to claim that the Mirror had to change because it could not portray the 1950s and 1960s in the language or imagery of the 1940s .
curran is convinced that it produced a ‘ muted radicalism ’ but it would be equally justified to claim that the mirror had to change because it could not [show] the 1950s and 1960s in the language or imagery of the 1940s .

Starting with the creation of the German night fighter force the author makes good use of eyewitness accounts from former Luftwaffe pilots , and goes on to portray a vivid account of what life was like serving on a night fighter unit .
starting with the creation of the german night fighter force the author makes good use of eyewitness accounts from former luftwaffe pilots , and goes on to [show] a vivid account of what life was like serving on a night fighter unit .

The friends , says Morton , took it upon themselves to portray him as a deeply wounded and betrayed husband whose character precluded him from answering back .
the friends , says morton , took it upon themselves to [show] him as a deeply wounded and betrayed husband whose character precluded him from answering back .

The repercussions of the Morton book , planned by friends to help portray Diana 's viewpoint on her troubled marriage , were in danger of overwhelming her .
the repercussions of the morton book , planned by friends to help [show] diana 's viewpoint on her troubled marriage , were in danger of overwhelming her .

First , the Velikovskians have been given the chance to make a superficially plausible claim that there is some kind of ‘ orthodox-science ’ vendetta against them and against their master ' : they have been able to portray themselves as persecuted martyrs .
first , the velikovskians have been given the chance to make a superficially plausible claim that there is some kind of ‘ orthodox-science ’ vendetta against them and against their master ' : they have been able to [show] themselves as persecuted martyrs .

They know that you are not trying to portray yourself as a know-all , that you have accepted being ‘ only human ’ .
they know that you are not trying to [show] yourself as a know-all , that you have accepted being ‘ only human ’ .

The purpose of Matthew is to portray Jesus as the Messiah , and therefore he writes his account using Old Testament Messianic texts .
the purpose of matthew is to [show] jesus as the messiah , and therefore he writes his account using old testament messianic texts .

The star 's penchant for nymphet flesh is a matter of record yet the actresses chosen to portray these girls are all individuals who do n't look a day under 25 .
the star 's penchant for nymphet flesh is a matter of record yet the actresses chosen to [show] these girls are all individuals who do n't look a day under 25 .

While the large firms were busy in the 1980s compromising the quality of audit in the search for fatter fees from more lucrative work , ‘ the professional bodies to which these accountants belong — possibly under a certain amount of external pressure — produced accounting ‘ standards ’ which allowed the management of businesses to portray results which were remote from the truth ' .
while the large firms were busy in the 1980s compromising the quality of audit in the search for fatter fees from more lucrative work , ‘ the professional bodies to which these accountants belong — possibly under a certain amount of external pressure — produced accounting ‘ standards ’ which allowed the management of businesses to [show] results which were remote from the truth ' .

If financial graphs are to reliably portray the underlying financial events , then certain basic rules of graph design and construction should be followed .
if financial graphs are to reliably [show] the underlying financial events , then certain basic rules of graph design and construction should be followed .

When he turned to attack landscape he would either include a figure smudged on the periphery , dwindling in the distance , or portray anonymous couples or figures imprisoned by fences and obstructed by walls and trees .
when he turned to attack landscape he would either include a figure smudged on the periphery , dwindling in the distance , or [show] anonymous couples or figures imprisoned by fences and obstructed by walls and trees .

As a medium it is supreme among the arts in its ability to portray the real world , hut it is in itself quite artificial , and it speaks to us by way of a pictorial language which first took shape during the early days of the silent cinema .
as a medium it is supreme among the arts in its ability to [show] the real world , hut it is in itself quite artificial , and it speaks to us by way of a pictorial language which first took shape during the early days of the silent cinema .

‘ The Palace wants to portray us in the worst possible light .
‘ the palace wants to [show] us in the worst possible light .

The Queen was not amused when Liberty 's in London 's West End used the puppets to portray Prince Andrew as Prince Charming , Fergie as Cinderella and Prince Edward as an ugly sister .
the queen was not amused when liberty 's in london 's west end used the puppets to [show] prince andrew as prince charming , fergie as cinderella and prince edward as an ugly sister .

They alighted on Saddam Hussein of Iraq , who in the late 1970s was beginning to portray himself as a man of moderation who might be able to make himself useful to the West , not least by acting as a counter to now-revolutionary Iran .
they alighted on saddam hussein of iraq , who in the late 1970s was beginning to [show] himself as a man of moderation who might be able to make himself useful to the west , not least by acting as a counter to now-revolutionary iran .

They do not always accurately portray the degree of damage , nor do they vouchsafe how long the damage has been there .
they do not always accurately [show] the degree of damage , nor do they vouchsafe how long the damage has been there .

What is rather more strange is that Jenkins should portray the postponement of the positivist revolution as being an anti-radical step .
what is rather more strange is that jenkins should [show] the postponement of the positivist revolution as being an anti-radical step .

They did not portray it simply as a change in philosophical stance , but as an outcome of the advance in scientific psychological knowledge .
they did not [show] it simply as a change in philosophical stance , but as an outcome of the advance in scientific psychological knowledge .

In the same camp are several largely left-wing popular movements that portray Maastricht as the first step towards a European superpower and the end of Denmark as an independent state .
in the same camp are several largely left-wing popular movements that [show] maastricht as the first step towards a european superpower and the end of denmark as an independent state .

This is highly unusual as it was almost unthinkable for the Egyptians to portray one of their number being overcome by the enemy .
this is highly unusual as it was almost unthinkable for the egyptians to [show] one of their number being overcome by the enemy .

; later developments in composition ; atmosphere , stressing the ‘ proto-impressionist ’ nature of works by artists such as Cox and Muller ; and lastly the relationship between watercolours and oils and the role of the Old Water-Colour Society in the promotion of the medium as suitable to portray historical and literary subjects .
; later developments in composition ; atmosphere , stressing the ‘ proto-impressionist ’ nature of works by artists such as cox and muller ; and lastly the relationship between watercolours and oils and the role of the old water-colour society in the promotion of the medium as suitable to [show] historical and literary subjects .

By 1831 the attempt to portray antislavery in parliament as an exercise in abstract moralism was absent .
by 1831 the attempt to [show] antislavery in parliament as an exercise in abstract moralism was absent .

It would , however , be too simple to portray antislavery after the late 1830s as purely a scene of contending sects more concerned with maintaining their own kinds of purity than achieving anything practical .
it would , however , be too simple to [show] antislavery after the late 1830s as purely a scene of contending sects more concerned with maintaining their own kinds of purity than achieving anything practical .

Many of the godly liked to portray themselves and their families kneeling in prayer on their tombs .
many of the godly liked to [show] themselves and their families kneeling in prayer on their tombs .

But it seems that being independent and feminist in thinking , and yet choosing not to portray these attitudes in the medium of painting , can still cause some confusion .
but it seems that being independent and feminist in thinking , and yet choosing not to [show] these attitudes in the medium of painting , can still cause some confusion .

3.9.2 publications by others , visual advertising and statements which portray its Trade Marks and all products or product groups in such a way as to have a likelihood or depreciating the good will in the Trade Marks and
3.9.2 publications by others , visual advertising and statements which [show] its trade marks and all products or product groups in such a way as to have a likelihood or depreciating the good will in the trade marks and

There is not the same desire ( unlike the search stage ) to portray the defendant as a sex maniac .
there is not the same desire ( unlike the search stage ) to [show] the defendant as a sex maniac .

So , unlike the search stage , there is not the same desire to portray the defendant as a sex maniac .
so , unlike the search stage , there is not the same desire to [show] the defendant as a sex maniac .

In the tendency to portray non-violent peoples as lacking the egoism , selfishness , pettiness , and acquisitiveness so typical of the modern world , the issue is less one of distortion of the data , than of greater or lesser degrees of selectivity and emphasis in reporting and analysis .
in the tendency to [show] non-violent peoples as lacking the egoism , selfishness , pettiness , and acquisitiveness so typical of the modern world , the issue is less one of distortion of the data , than of greater or lesser degrees of selectivity and emphasis in reporting and analysis .

Hunters do not portray the hunt in ways that could be construed as aggressive , either in the hunter 's emotional state or in his attitude to the prey .
hunters do not [show] the hunt in ways that could be construed as aggressive , either in the hunter 's emotional state or in his attitude to the prey .

This is to portray extremes ; most clergy have at least some musical skill , and a good proportion of church musicians have some theological knowledge .
this is to [show] extremes ; most clergy have at least some musical skill , and a good proportion of church musicians have some theological knowledge .

He published an autobiography in 1975 : he chose to portray himself as a rapscallion ( internal evidence suggests that it had been written in jail ) .
he published an autobiography in 1975 : he chose to [show] himself as a rapscallion ( internal evidence suggests that it had been written in jail ) .

As conventionally studied , this is clearly intended to be a form of pseudo art history , in which the task is to locate great individuals such as Raymond Loewy or Norman Bel Geddes and portray them as the creators of modern mass culture .
as conventionally studied , this is clearly intended to be a form of pseudo art history , in which the task is to locate great individuals such as raymond loewy or norman bel geddes and [show] them as the creators of modern mass culture .

In some cases this is apparently not as arduous a task as it may seem , simply because dischargers find it extremely difficult to portray themselves as ‘ similar ’ to their rivals on more than a very few criteria .
in some cases this is apparently not as arduous a task as it may seem , simply because dischargers find it extremely difficult to [show] themselves as ‘ similar ’ to their rivals on more than a very few criteria .

Besides , the ritual of sampling and inspection makes it easy for the field man to portray his activity as a normal part of his job , rather than as a search for evidence of deviance .
besides , the ritual of sampling and inspection makes it easy for the field man to [show] his activity as a normal part of his job , rather than as a search for evidence of deviance .

The element of playing to the gallery is conserved in the way they portray the fight as a piece of street theatre , with the adults cheering them on from the balconies , while the girls offer silent support , as the boys defend the honour of the white community against the ‘ black invasion ’ .
the element of playing to the gallery is conserved in the way they [show] the fight as a piece of street theatre , with the adults cheering them on from the balconies , while the girls offer silent support , as the boys defend the honour of the white community against the ‘ black invasion ’ .

The moments they portray are the life of the next world , for the Egyptians saw paradise as an idealized version of their own lives along the banks of the Nile .
the moments they [show] are the life of the next world , for the egyptians saw paradise as an idealized version of their own lives along the banks of the nile .

In addition , attempts to interpret rural social change are hampered by the myths surrounding rural life , especially those that portray all rural communities as settings in which mutual aid and harmony of interests abound .
in addition , attempts to interpret rural social change are hampered by the myths surrounding rural life , especially those that [show] all rural communities as settings in which mutual aid and harmony of interests abound .

In fact , throughout the entire history of art , as told by our cultural institutions , the creative male artist has been judged by his ability to portray woman .
in fact , throughout the entire history of art , as told by our cultural institutions , the creative male artist has been judged by his ability to [show] woman .

Leonora Carrington and Leonor Fini portray the female as a sorceress , her body combining with animals , planets and the earth itself , while Frida Kahlo repeatedly showed her own body rooted ( sometimes literally ) in nature .
leonora carrington and leonor fini [show] the female as a sorceress , her body combining with animals , planets and the earth itself , while frida kahlo repeatedly showed her own body rooted ( sometimes literally ) in nature .

In either case it could be used to portray symbols , figures or scenes .
in either case it could be used to [show] symbols , figures or scenes .

They see society and human action as being structured by social rules and values , and portray social systems as reproducing themselves via socialization — the transmission of social values to new generations through the family , the educational system and so on .
they see society and human action as being structured by social rules and values , and [show] social systems as reproducing themselves via socialization — the transmission of social values to new generations through the family , the educational system and so on .

It is hard to portray them so that your readers will know who is who each time one of them appears .
it is hard to [show] them so that your readers will know who is who each time one of them appears .

Well , you can probably go some of the way by concentrating on the humanity of the policemen you need to portray .
well , you can probably go some of the way by concentrating on the humanity of the policemen you need to [show] .

And , more , he will have to be , since the realities are what we are trying to portray , a person of ordinary talents and weaknesses .
and , more , he will have to be , since the realities are what we are trying to [show] , a person of ordinary talents and weaknesses .

So it would be as well to distinguish clearly in our minds between the historical crime book that is pastiche and the book that is an attempt to portray some distant time through a crime story .
so it would be as well to distinguish clearly in our minds between the historical crime book that is pastiche and the book that is an attempt to [show] some distant time through a crime story .

Such negative stereotypes are often reinforced by pervasive media images which portray the young as capable and glamorous .
such negative stereotypes are often reinforced by pervasive media images which [show] the young as capable and glamorous .

The possibility that a new , revolutionary technique might be required to portray the multi-faceted processes of historical change is implicitly denied in Lukacs 's system .
the possibility that a new , revolutionary technique might be required to [show] the multi-faceted processes of historical change is implicitly denied in lukacs 's system .

Unlike the realist novelists of the nineteenth century , writers such as Balzac , Stendhal , Flaubert and Zola , who were called upon to depict individuals and social groups operating within a relatively stable , homogeneous society , the contemporary realist writer was required to portray a society in a state of turbulence , transformation and fundamental realignment .
unlike the realist novelists of the nineteenth century , writers such as balzac , stendhal , flaubert and zola , who were called upon to depict individuals and social groups operating within a relatively stable , homogeneous society , the contemporary realist writer was required to [show] a society in a state of turbulence , transformation and fundamental realignment .

If , being true , they both portray certain aspects of reality , just what is meant by `` reality `` ?
if , being true , they both [show] certain aspects of reality , just what is meant by `` reality `` ?

Hitler sought to create a ‘ New Order ’ in Europe and to portray his invasion of Russia as a latter-day crusade against Bolshevism .
hitler sought to create a ‘ new order ’ in europe and to [show] his invasion of russia as a latter-day crusade against bolshevism .

Soviet propaganda had been trying , since 1946 , to portray the Western powers as wanting to divide Germany .
soviet propaganda had been trying , since 1946 , to [show] the western powers as wanting to divide germany .

More commonly , dot-density diagrams are used in which dots closer together ( giving a darker image ) portray high readings , while dots spaced further apart ( giving a lighter image ) portray lower readings .
more commonly , dot-density diagrams are used in which dots closer together ( giving a darker image ) [show] high readings , while dots spaced further apart ( giving a lighter image ) [show] lower readings .

Nowadays , the results of nearly all such surveys are plotted by computer , which offers a wide range of diagrammatic methods to portray the results .
nowadays , the results of nearly all such surveys are plotted by computer , which offers a wide range of diagrammatic methods to [show] the results .

Drawings of sections usually portray everything that can be seen , including the boundaries between layers , because this information may provide clues to the processes by which the layers have been deposited .
drawings of sections usually [show] everything that can be seen , including the boundaries between layers , because this information may provide clues to the processes by which the layers have been deposited .

As well as physical reconstructions , drawings and paintings can be used to portray views of sites and finds .
as well as physical reconstructions , drawings and paintings can be used to [show] views of sites and finds .

Drawings and paintings are mainly used to portray an archaeological site at a particular point in time .
drawings and paintings are mainly used to [show] an archaeological site at a particular point in time .

Even so , there is often insufficient evidence to portray the whole site in detail , and artists need to use their imaginations to fill these details in .
even so , there is often insufficient evidence to [show] the whole site in detail , and artists need to use their imaginations to fill these details in .

In consultation with Associate Producer Mervyn Pinfield , who would direct the first four episodes , Whitaker won an agreement that everything should be done to portray the Sensorites as timid , sympathetic creatures , leaving true villainy to the beast present , if mostly dormant , in the hearts of men .
in consultation with associate producer mervyn pinfield , who would direct the first four episodes , whitaker won an agreement that everything should be done to [show] the sensorites as timid , sympathetic creatures , leaving true villainy to the beast present , if mostly dormant , in the hearts of men .

It was obvious they would have to abandon the run of Caesar and Cleopatra and close the theatre until an actor could be found to portray Hook .
it was obvious they would have to abandon the run of caesar and cleopatra and close the theatre until an actor could be found to [show] hook .

It was not hard for the British , whose influence remained powerful in Teheran , and who had a spy in Mossadeq 's own Council of Ministers , to portray him as a madman to lead Iran into the Soviet camp .
it was not hard for the british , whose influence remained powerful in teheran , and who had a spy in mossadeq 's own council of ministers , to [show] him as a madman to lead iran into the soviet camp .

Another two images dramatically portray the venerability of ferns , showing how the sensitive fern of today perfectly matches up with its 40-million-year-old fossil ancestor .
another two images dramatically [show] the venerability of ferns , showing how the sensitive fern of today perfectly matches up with its 40-million-year-old fossil ancestor .

Deborah told her new boss what she believed the company needed : ‘ Principally the clothes were an insult to the country girls they were trying to portray … they were n't suitable for country wear but they were selling very cheaply to secretaries in towns .
deborah told her new boss what she believed the company needed : ‘ principally the clothes were an insult to the country girls they were trying to [show] … they were n't suitable for country wear but they were selling very cheaply to secretaries in towns .

Audubon was not the first to try to portray animals in motion , but his dramatic and vast illustrations of the birds of America were important as attempts to show living creatures .
audubon was not the first to try to [show] animals in motion , but his dramatic and vast illustrations of the birds of america were important as attempts to show living creatures .

To attempt to ignore these events or portray them as something other than what they are can only diminish confidence in the media and increase the effectiveness of those who monger rumors and the fears of those who listen .
to attempt to ignore these events or [show] them as something other than what they are can only diminish confidence in the media and increase the effectiveness of those who monger rumors and the fears of those who listen .

The Languages of Love , The Sycamore Tree , and The Dear Deceit all portray characters who are defined by their roles as interpreters or carriers of information .
the languages of love , the sycamore tree , and the dear deceit all [show] characters who are defined by their roles as interpreters or carriers of information .

We begin with a brief look at the official figures , since , whatever the shortcomings of these statistics , and no matter how distorted a picture of ‘ real ’ crime they portray , they do nevertheless have real effects , since they are used , for example , in political debate and inform , at least partially , the public 's perception of the crime problem .
we begin with a brief look at the official figures , since , whatever the shortcomings of these statistics , and no matter how distorted a picture of ‘ real ’ crime they [show] , they do nevertheless have real effects , since they are used , for example , in political debate and inform , at least partially , the public 's perception of the crime problem .

Recession makes it even more essential to have properly trained staff and leaders who portray credit management as a necessary tool — and whilst on the subject of dictionary definitions , my dictionary defines ‘ profession ’ as an occupation requiring special training , whilst ‘ professional ’ is a person who engages in some activity also pursued by amateurs .
recession makes it even more essential to have properly trained staff and leaders who [show] credit management as a necessary tool — and whilst on the subject of dictionary definitions , my dictionary defines ‘ profession ’ as an occupation requiring special training , whilst ‘ professional ’ is a person who engages in some activity also pursued by amateurs .

’ The picture tries to portray Charles ‘ as he is at the moment — someone who cares about the world around him , somebody who has become a very caring person .
’ the picture tries to [show] charles ‘ as he is at the moment — someone who cares about the world around him , somebody who has become a very caring person .

At times they find it more amusing to portray her as a disco-Princess .
at times they find it more amusing to [show] her as a disco-princess .

Being a war correspondent is a genuinely dangerous job , just like they portray it in the movies .
being a war correspondent is a genuinely dangerous job , just like they [show] it in the movies .

‘ Against the anarchists , and the Communists , that is the only way they can portray us .
‘ against the anarchists , and the communists , that is the only way they can [show] us .

‘ And no woman , ’ he said , ‘ has ever been able properly to portray a man .
‘ and no woman , ’ he said , ‘ has ever been able properly to [show] a man .

These tended to portray him as being concerned with little more than his own power .
these tended to [show] him as being concerned with little more than his own power .

It is in regard to erosion rates that perhaps the most dramatic progress has been made and in addition to world patterns of discharge , Walling and Webb ( 1983 ) have now reviewed earlier attempts to portray world patterns of sediment yield , some of which conflicted quite significantly , and have provided a revised map of global sediment yields based upon data from nearly 1500 measuring stations and pertinent to sediment yields from basins of 1000 to 10,000 km 2 in area .
it is in regard to erosion rates that perhaps the most dramatic progress has been made and in addition to world patterns of discharge , walling and webb ( 1983 ) have now reviewed earlier attempts to [show] world patterns of sediment yield , some of which conflicted quite significantly , and have provided a revised map of global sediment yields based upon data from nearly 1500 measuring stations and pertinent to sediment yields from basins of 1000 to 10,000 km 2 in area .

Films such as British Sounds were conceived in order to ‘ portray the struggle between images and sounds ’ , and were especially concerned with ‘ how sounds can be used against the image ’ .
films such as british sounds were conceived in order to ‘ [show] the struggle between images and sounds ’ , and were especially concerned with ‘ how sounds can be used against the image ’ .

It was this romantic dimension which Britten set out to portray .
it was this romantic dimension which britten set out to [show] .

In Christian art it becomes acceptable to portray God ‘ the Father ’ as a male figure , whereas within Judaism this would have been unthinkable .
in christian art it becomes acceptable to [show] god ‘ the father ’ as a male figure , whereas within judaism this would have been unthinkable .

Another theme is to portray the losers , the ‘ underclass ’ , as the product of individual weaknesses and delinquent lifestyles .
another theme is to [show] the losers , the ‘ underclass ’ , as the product of individual weaknesses and delinquent lifestyles .

At best they are ‘ stills ’ from a sequence of actions ; and they can not portray anything that goes beyond visual observation .
at best they are ‘ stills ’ from a sequence of actions ; and they can not [show] anything that goes beyond visual observation .

Services , not words , portray the image of the school library .
services , not words , [show] the image of the school library .

Maps do not portray the existence and aspirations of Palestinians , Armenians , Druze , Souryanis , Assyrians , Bedouin , Kurds and many others for whom the real map of the Middle East is written on the heart , where identity and hope are nurtured generation after generation .
maps do not [show] the existence and aspirations of palestinians , armenians , druze , souryanis , assyrians , bedouin , kurds and many others for whom the real map of the middle east is written on the heart , where identity and hope are nurtured generation after generation .

Though , at first sight , he appears to portray a ‘ crude and dogmatic sexuality ’ , Salle 's images in fact display ‘ genuine tenderness and extraordinary formal innovation ’ .
though , at first sight , he appears to [show] a ‘ crude and dogmatic sexuality ’ , salle 's images in fact display ‘ genuine tenderness and extraordinary formal innovation ’ .

These comments probably portray accurately the role-segregation of Marx and Durkheim 's marital relationships , but it is perhaps reasonable to question the assumption of female happiness they both make .
these comments probably [show] accurately the role-segregation of marx and durkheim 's marital relationships , but it is perhaps reasonable to question the assumption of female happiness they both make .

The diaries charted by the Rapoports portray a frenetic picture of the career-woman-housewife-mother desperately chasing all her duties simultaneously .
the diaries charted by the rapoports [show] a frenetic picture of the career-woman-housewife-mother desperately chasing all her duties simultaneously .

The fundamental weakness of the conflict thesis is its tendency to portray science and religion as hypostatized forces , as entities in themselves .
the fundamental weakness of the conflict thesis is its tendency to [show] science and religion as hypostatized forces , as entities in themselves .

Through their teaching and their textbooks , the Wittenberg astronomers did at least promote Copernican mathematics , but it would be wrong to portray them as receptive to a new cosmology .
through their teaching and their textbooks , the wittenberg astronomers did at least promote copernican mathematics , but it would be wrong to [show] them as receptive to a new cosmology .

Instead the film opted , less contentiously , to portray the experiences of one particular squad , played by a young , unknown cast .
instead the film opted , less contentiously , to [show] the experiences of one particular squad , played by a young , unknown cast .

More than once in the past 50 years the concept of readability measurement and prediction has been castigated as facile and simplistic , despite the earnest attempts of most readability researchers themselves to portray their work in a balanced and untendentious way .
more than once in the past 50 years the concept of readability measurement and prediction has been castigated as facile and simplistic , despite the earnest attempts of most readability researchers themselves to [show] their work in a balanced and untendentious way .

It has certainly been quite often the case , in practice , that spokespersons for the majority have tried to portray the minority who oppose as not really being part of `` the people `` at all .
it has certainly been quite often the case , in practice , that spokespersons for the majority have tried to [show] the minority who oppose as not really being part of `` the people `` at all .

Here 16 black and white photographs portray `` Blondes `` — in fact all the pictures are from the same girl , with slightly different expressions on her face — and 16 ditto of a `` Brunettes `` ditto .
here 16 black and white photographs [show] `` blondes `` — in fact all the pictures are from the same girl , with slightly different expressions on her face — and 16 ditto of a `` brunettes `` ditto .

This may be seen as very significant today when we consider the way that advertising and women 's magazines continue to portray women as finding all their fulfilment in the home .
this may be seen as very significant today when we consider the way that advertising and women 's magazines continue to [show] women as finding all their fulfilment in the home .

The Bank 's actions to date , portray little regard for the unemployment crisis in this Country and , quite ironically , at the time of writing , one of these Banks is seeking to reduce the number of staff in the Branch network through a voluntary package and not replace these staff . Where now are the Bank 's commitments to the unemployed in this economy ?
the bank 's actions to date , [show] little regard for the unemployment crisis in this country and , quite ironically , at the time of writing , one of these banks is seeking to reduce the number of staff in the branch network through a voluntary package and not replace these staff . where now are the bank 's commitments to the unemployed in this economy ?

Producers use built sets and fake locations to portray the setting of the story — Toronto has made millions of dollars ‘ being ’ New York , because it is so difficult and expensive to film in the Big Apple nowadays .
producers use built sets and fake locations to [show] the setting of the story — toronto has made millions of dollars ‘ being ’ new york , because it is so difficult and expensive to film in the big apple nowadays .

Elean : It seemed to me , reading your Soweto Stories , that you were faced with some difficulties as to how to portray the customs and traditions of your people .
elean : it seemed to me , reading your soweto stories , that you were faced with some difficulties as to how to [show] the customs and traditions of your people .

The government-backed unions are trying to portray themselves as the true and uncompromising voice of the workers : ’ outflanking Solidarity to the left ’ , as one commentator put it .
the government-backed unions are trying to [show] themselves as the true and uncompromising voice of the workers : ’ outflanking solidarity to the left ’ , as one commentator put it .

He also liked to portray British social democracy as an alternative to the `` red tooth and claw `` of American capitalism and Soviet communism .
he also liked to [show] british social democracy as an alternative to the `` red tooth and claw `` of american capitalism and soviet communism .

Most of the works produced in the first half of the century portray a period of social and religious cataclysm , which is arguably compatible with the archaeology of the north-eastern provinces , where evidence for decline in the cities , towns and villas , and dramatic changes in burial practices , gives a picture of disruption .
most of the works produced in the first half of the century [show] a period of social and religious cataclysm , which is arguably compatible with the archaeology of the north-eastern provinces , where evidence for decline in the cities , towns and villas , and dramatic changes in burial practices , gives a picture of disruption .

Sidonius 's letters and poems portray a world in which imperial values and late Roman rhetorical culture flourish .
sidonius 's letters and poems [show] a world in which imperial values and late roman rhetorical culture flourish .

How much was new about these demands is not clear ; Gregory liked to portray tax as unwarranted and unjust .
how much was new about these demands is not clear ; gregory liked to [show] tax as unwarranted and unjust .

Information presented in a purely textual fashion is hard to grasp , after all we all think in pictures and often use them to portray our ideas to others .
information presented in a purely textual fashion is hard to grasp , after all we all think in pictures and often use them to [show] our ideas to others .

’ Stok 's face had gone rigid and he did n't look like himself , just as those mathematically accurate waxworks never look like the people they portray .
’ stok 's face had gone rigid and he did n't look like himself , just as those mathematically accurate waxworks never look like the people they [show] .

The life-is-a-party world of Xuxa has come to portray the official version of Brazilian reality , with its glossy blondes and creamy morenas — and very few blacks .
the life-is-a-party world of xuxa has come to [show] the official version of brazilian reality , with its glossy blondes and creamy morenas — and very few blacks .

It suited the more militant and ambitious New English to portray them as having Irish sympathies and having gone native .
it suited the more militant and ambitious new english to [show] them as having irish sympathies and having gone native .

This chapter attempts to portray fabrics which may develop within any sediment , independent of mineralogy .
this chapter attempts to [show] fabrics which may develop within any sediment , independent of mineralogy .

The western media tended to portray Chea Sim as the leader of a `` hardline faction `` in opposition to Hun Sen and his `` liberal grouping `` , an analysis denounced by both men during interviews given at the time of the congress .
the western media tended to [show] chea sim as the leader of a `` hardline faction `` in opposition to hun sen and his `` liberal grouping `` , an analysis denounced by both men during interviews given at the time of the congress .

The authorities seemed to adopt a dual approach to the anniversary ; on the one hand they launched a massive security operation in the city and detained a number of potential trouble makers , but on the other hand they attempted to portray an image of leniency by releasing groups of pro-democracy activists who had been arrested in 1989 .
the authorities seemed to adopt a dual approach to the anniversary ; on the one hand they launched a massive security operation in the city and detained a number of potential trouble makers , but on the other hand they attempted to [show] an image of leniency by releasing groups of pro-democracy activists who had been arrested in 1989 .

It had also been exploited by the re-election campaign team of President Bush , which had sought to portray the Democrat majority in Congress as responsible for sabotaging the Republican administration 's domestic policy initiatives .
it had also been exploited by the re-election campaign team of president bush , which had sought to [show] the democrat majority in congress as responsible for sabotaging the republican administration 's domestic policy initiatives .

President Moi continued to oppose political reform , claiming that a pluralist system would revive intertribal conflict , and sought to portray the unrest as the work of a small minority of trouble-makers , although he also at times adopted a more conciliatory tone and in July approved the establishment of a commission of inquiry into the political system , headed by Vice-President George Saitoti .
president moi continued to oppose political reform , claiming that a pluralist system would revive intertribal conflict , and sought to [show] the unrest as the work of a small minority of trouble-makers , although he also at times adopted a more conciliatory tone and in july approved the establishment of a commission of inquiry into the political system , headed by vice-president george saitoti .

Some pictures , Victorian engravings for instance , may be more useful for telling us about Victorian tastes , fashions , and expectations than for the scenes they portray .
some pictures , victorian engravings for instance , may be more useful for telling us about victorian tastes , fashions , and expectations than for the scenes they [show] .

Here Tennyson combines language and imagery to portray an awesomly haunting picture of the boat in which Arthur is to be placed for his trip to a new world .
here tennyson combines language and imagery to [show] an awesomly haunting picture of the boat in which arthur is to be placed for his trip to a new world .

Tennyson then goes onto portray a wonderful quality of desolation and despair in a wasteland where no one has been since the beginning of the world .
tennyson then goes onto [show] a wonderful quality of desolation and despair in a wasteland where no one has been since the beginning of the world .

Farrell uses the fact that O'Neill joined the Apprentice Boys of Derry and the Royal Black Preceptory ( two Protestant fraternal organizations similar to the Orange Order ) to portray him as a ‘ closet ’ die-hard unionist but in so doing misses the glaring point that O'Neill had to join these organizations because he was not already a member .
farrell uses the fact that o'neill joined the apprentice boys of derry and the royal black preceptory ( two protestant fraternal organizations similar to the orange order ) to [show] him as a ‘ closet ’ die-hard unionist but in so doing misses the glaring point that o'neill had to join these organizations because he was not already a member .

The 10,000 metres of film recording Hitler at the grandiose military parade and celebrations for his fiftieth birthday in April 1939 consciously sought to portray him not only as a ‘ statesman ’ , but also as ‘ the future military leader , taking muster of his armed forces ’ .
the 10,000 metres of film recording hitler at the grandiose military parade and celebrations for his fiftieth birthday in april 1939 consciously sought to [show] him not only as a ‘ statesman ’ , but also as ‘ the future military leader , taking muster of his armed forces ’ .

In fact the extant Acts of the Martyrs ( where based on contemporary records and not legends ) do not portray the martyrs as human heroes , but as very frail mortals who are being given supernatural strength .
in fact the extant acts of the martyrs ( where based on contemporary records and not legends ) do not [show] the martyrs as human heroes , but as very frail mortals who are being given supernatural strength .

The intriguing point is this : if the Germans really did land in East Anglia in 1940 , and there was an elaborate cover-up , it is surely inconceivable that Ealing would have been allowed by the censors to portray such an accurate reconstruction only two years later .
the intriguing point is this : if the germans really did land in east anglia in 1940 , and there was an elaborate cover-up , it is surely inconceivable that ealing would have been allowed by the censors to [show] such an accurate reconstruction only two years later .

The film stars Keifer Sutherland and Julia Roberts and concerns a group of unlikely student doctors who take it in turns to have their heartbeat stopped in order to experience the afterlife , which for some reason the director has chosen to portray as a series of rather unimaginative music videos .
the film stars keifer sutherland and julia roberts and concerns a group of unlikely student doctors who take it in turns to have their heartbeat stopped in order to experience the afterlife , which for some reason the director has chosen to [show] as a series of rather unimaginative music videos .

The pair received a rapturous welcome at the latest Milan collections for continuing to portray the tough masculine image that is their trademark .
the pair received a rapturous welcome at the latest milan collections for continuing to [show] the tough masculine image that is their trademark .

The following extracts from one letter portray the Helen recalled by Eleanor Farjeon in 1958 : ‘ Of her he said : ‘ During the nine months before her baby is born , her face is one perpetual smile .
the following extracts from one letter [show] the helen recalled by eleanor farjeon in 1958 : ‘ of her he said : ‘ during the nine months before her baby is born , her face is one perpetual smile .

But every time he has used force in the past — as in Azerbaijan a year ago — he has been able to portray himself as defender of both law and order .
but every time he has used force in the past — as in azerbaijan a year ago — he has been able to [show] himself as defender of both law and order .

Now Mr Kinnock is trying for revenge , using the poll-tax confusion to portray Mr Major as a wimpish ditherer , or a dithering wimp .
now mr kinnock is trying for revenge , using the poll-tax confusion to [show] mr major as a wimpish ditherer , or a dithering wimp .

But it would be desperately hard , in the Arab world , to stand up to a man who could portray himself as a ( literally ) world-defying champion of Palestinian rights .
but it would be desperately hard , in the arab world , to stand up to a man who could [show] himself as a ( literally ) world-defying champion of palestinian rights .

One Colombian film , which used non-professional actors to portray the lives of Medellin street kids , was so faithful to local speech patterns that one Argentine cinema-goer confessed he had understood a mere 10 % of the dialogue .
one colombian film , which used non-professional actors to [show] the lives of medellin street kids , was so faithful to local speech patterns that one argentine cinema-goer confessed he had understood a mere 10 % of the dialogue .

Labour will try this week to portray itself as the party of hope , with policies on education , training and health .
labour will try this week to [show] itself as the party of hope , with policies on education , training and health .

Parallel to his attempt to portray Labour as a consensus government , Mr Kinnock sought to turn his confession of ‘ errors of judgment ’ over Europe and unilateralism into virtues in sharp contrast to Tory failure to apologise for ‘ Thatcher mistakes ’ .
parallel to his attempt to [show] labour as a consensus government , mr kinnock sought to turn his confession of ‘ errors of judgment ’ over europe and unilateralism into virtues in sharp contrast to tory failure to apologise for ‘ thatcher mistakes ’ .

Syria still likes to portray itself as the sworn enemy of the Israelis , but the Ba'ath Party officials who rule with an iron hand appear to have given up trying to stop their citizens tuning in to the ‘ Zionists ’ wavelength .
syria still likes to [show] itself as the sworn enemy of the israelis , but the ba'ath party officials who rule with an iron hand appear to have given up trying to stop their citizens tuning in to the ‘ zionists ’ wavelength .

Most of the popular books showing the Mesozoic giants in their natural setting portray them wallowing about in swamps flanked by deep vegetation , their bodies largely under water .
most of the popular books showing the mesozoic giants in their natural setting [show] them wallowing about in swamps flanked by deep vegetation , their bodies largely under water .

He would prefer us to be in the position of the person who learns to trust that a friend has posted a letter , and who does not go out to be certain that the letter has found its destination , a search that in fact would portray not faith , but a lack of faith .
he would prefer us to be in the position of the person who learns to trust that a friend has posted a letter , and who does not go out to be certain that the letter has found its destination , a search that in fact would [show] not faith , but a lack of faith .

There are plenty of good coaches about just as there are a multitude of nice misguided types who seek to portray themselves through other people over and over again .
there are plenty of good coaches about just as there are a multitude of nice misguided types who seek to [show] themselves through other people over and over again .

In seeking to grasp this dynamic , and portray it , he had become enthused with the duende , the spirit unleashed by the flamenco — music and dance — which he believed to be the dynamic of true art and artistic expression : ‘ Repel the angel , kick out the muse , ’ , he was wont to exclaim ; arguing that artists must work ‘ from the gut , ’ with the conviction and intensity that the expression exudes ; allowing the life-force it releases to flow — torrentially , vividly , dramatically ; as in the flamenco itself .
in seeking to grasp this dynamic , and [show] it , he had become enthused with the duende , the spirit unleashed by the flamenco — music and dance — which he believed to be the dynamic of true art and artistic expression : ‘ repel the angel , kick out the muse , ’ , he was wont to exclaim ; arguing that artists must work ‘ from the gut , ’ with the conviction and intensity that the expression exudes ; allowing the life-force it releases to flow — torrentially , vividly , dramatically ; as in the flamenco itself .

Lee used the natural lines of the walnut lump to portray the soldier moving in the jungle
lee used the natural lines of the walnut lump to [show] the soldier moving in the jungle

George 's favourite model , his daughter Samantha , had turned model-maker for this project and fashioned a velvet beanbag to help him achieve a realistic finish and to portray the Teddy as an ‘ old bear with modern leanings .
george 's favourite model , his daughter samantha , had turned model-maker for this project and fashioned a velvet beanbag to help him achieve a realistic finish and to [show] the teddy as an ‘ old bear with modern leanings .

On the cover of ‘ Heaven Knows … ’ was an old photograph of Viv Nicholson which was used to portray the sentiments of the A-side .
on the cover of ‘ heaven knows … ’ was an old photograph of viv nicholson which was used to [show] the sentiments of the a-side .

Who may fathom , much less portray , the thoughts and emotions surging within their minds and hearts ?
who may fathom , much less [show] , the thoughts and emotions surging within their minds and hearts ?

The basis of showmanship is to portray a dog with physical beauty and structural soundness .
the basis of showmanship is to [show] a dog with physical beauty and structural soundness .

He immediately flew to Perth in an attempt to begin his defence and boost the morale of his remarkably loyal employees , who were yesterday attempting to portray the receivership move as a battle between ‘ old money ’ , represented by the Melbourne banking community , and ‘ new money ’ , in the form of Mr Bond .
he immediately flew to perth in an attempt to begin his defence and boost the morale of his remarkably loyal employees , who were yesterday attempting to [show] the receivership move as a battle between ‘ old money ’ , represented by the melbourne banking community , and ‘ new money ’ , in the form of mr bond .

The trick was to portray one 's chief opponent as sectional , driven by class envy , and a danger to social and economic stability , and thereby to provoke a defensive coalition against him .
the trick was to [show] one 's chief opponent as sectional , driven by class envy , and a danger to social and economic stability , and thereby to provoke a defensive coalition against him .

‘ Please do n't portray me as some flashy Vegas gambler who 's plopping into the White House in Italian suits and expensive watches , ’ Mr Rogich told a reporter from The New York Times from his car phone .
‘ please do n't [show] me as some flashy vegas gambler who 's plopping into the white house in italian suits and expensive watches , ’ mr rogich told a reporter from the new york times from his car phone .

The first is that it will be harder for the Tories to portray Labour as a party gripped by extremism .
the first is that it will be harder for the tories to [show] labour as a party gripped by extremism .

The ideological importance attributed to the family as a basically self-contained unit clashes with attempts to portray access to ‘ supplementary pedagogical resources ’ as a universal right .
the ideological importance attributed to the family as a basically self-contained unit clashes with attempts to [show] access to ‘ supplementary pedagogical resources ’ as a universal right .

They portray him as a confused mixture of honesty and cantankerousness : a big heart governed by a stroppy mind .
they [show] him as a confused mixture of honesty and cantankerousness : a big heart governed by a stroppy mind .

This sexism was traced in the stereotyping of women ( the madonna/whore dichotomy of classic Hollywood is a well-known example ) , and critics implicitly or explicitly called for an authentic women 's cinema which would portray real women as they really are .
this sexism was traced in the stereotyping of women ( the madonna/whore dichotomy of classic hollywood is a well-known example ) , and critics implicitly or explicitly called for an authentic women 's cinema which would [show] real women as they really are .

In a new collection of his photographs — My Lithuania — from publishers Thames and Hudson ( £24.00 ) , he certainly admits to literary pretensions as a young man and his photographs can be seen as an attempt to capture the lives of fellow Lithuanians in the detail which only words can usually portray .
in a new collection of his photographs — my lithuania — from publishers thames and hudson ( £24.00 ) , he certainly admits to literary pretensions as a young man and his photographs can be seen as an attempt to capture the lives of fellow lithuanians in the detail which only words can usually [show] .

Most of the new novelists , in fact , set out to portray in their works the social reality of their respective countries , and some novels — notably Carpentier 's Explosion in a Cathedral , García Márquez 's One Hundred Years of Solitude and Vargas Llosa 's The War of the End of the World — are continental in scope , reflecting the reality of Latin America as a whole .
most of the new novelists , in fact , set out to [show] in their works the social reality of their respective countries , and some novels — notably carpentier 's explosion in a cathedral , garcía márquez 's one hundred years of solitude and vargas llosa 's the war of the end of the world — are continental in scope , reflecting the reality of latin america as a whole .

Another way in which the new narrative extends the range of traditional realism is by re-creating modes of spoken speech , not for reasons of costumbrism or authenticity , but to portray a society through the way in which it expresses itself orally .
another way in which the new narrative extends the range of traditional realism is by re-creating modes of spoken speech , not for reasons of costumbrism or authenticity , but to [show] a society through the way in which it expresses itself orally .

Many of the new novelists , in fact , portray the alienation of Western man .
many of the new novelists , in fact , [show] the alienation of western man .

The manorial style was what Robert Forbes had been accustomed to portray in his early days in Hollywood , when Paramount had tagged him ‘ the young Ronald Colman ’ and cast him in half a dozen minor heroic roles with reasonable success .
the manorial style was what robert forbes had been accustomed to [show] in his early days in hollywood , when paramount had tagged him ‘ the young ronald colman ’ and cast him in half a dozen minor heroic roles with reasonable success .

The non-metropolitan districts had the additional advantage of being able to portray themselves as the victims of county councils spending heavily in one of their own non-election years .
the non-metropolitan districts had the additional advantage of being able to [show] themselves as the victims of county councils spending heavily in one of their own non-election years .

The tabloid press and the film industry ( for example , The Omen ) unnecessarily portray the Rottweiler as an evil beast with insatiable bloodlust .
the tabloid press and the film industry ( for example , the omen ) unnecessarily [show] the rottweiler as an evil beast with insatiable bloodlust .

such as solos or pas de deux in which dancers portray the character each represents by depicting mood , emotion and action , e.g. again in The Sleeping Beauty , the Four Princes express their admiration for Aurora and she returns their compliments in the Rose Adage .
such as solos or pas de deux in which dancers [show] the character each represents by depicting mood , emotion and action , e.g. again in the sleeping beauty , the four princes express their admiration for aurora and she returns their compliments in the rose adage .

Descriptive dance applies to those passages , which can be communicated by dance , which portray everything about a role working within a story or theme , i.e .
descriptive dance applies to those passages , which can be communicated by dance , which [show] everything about a role working within a story or theme , i.e .

He can only highlight the atmosphere supporting the plot , especially those circumstances where he has to portray differences between classes and thus general behaviour , idiosyncrasies , etc .
he can only highlight the atmosphere supporting the plot , especially those circumstances where he has to [show] differences between classes and thus general behaviour , idiosyncrasies , etc .

Even Massine 's choreographic genius realised that the old stylised forms were the best way to portray the national dolls sold in the shop .
even massine 's choreographic genius realised that the old stylised forms were the best way to [show] the national dolls sold in the shop .

It is perhaps not merely coincidence that such recent efforts to portray mental handicap with humour and sensitivity are largely forgotten among the broad swathe of the British public .
it is perhaps not merely coincidence that such recent efforts to [show] mental handicap with humour and sensitivity are largely forgotten among the broad swathe of the british public .

There have been few attempts to portray mental handicap in the theatre , and despite its progressive nature , the theatre has been slow to respond to the challenge on offer .
there have been few attempts to [show] mental handicap in the theatre , and despite its progressive nature , the theatre has been slow to respond to the challenge on offer .

Contrasting views , based on different areas , portray the working class as having greater potential for radical action .
contrasting views , based on different areas , [show] the working class as having greater potential for radical action .

At the turn of the century , the very time when Pearson documents the coinage of the term ‘ hooligan ’ to portray a supposedly new breed of youthful folk-devil , there is found in other sources a mood of contemporary congratulation about the long-term conquest of the problem of order .
at the turn of the century , the very time when pearson documents the coinage of the term ‘ hooligan ’ to [show] a supposedly new breed of youthful folk-devil , there is found in other sources a mood of contemporary congratulation about the long-term conquest of the problem of order .

Thus the Greater London Council proposed in their evidence to Williams that the law should prohibit any depictions ‘ which purport to portray an unlawful sexual act ’ , a course which might have ruled out sin as a serious subject for filmed drama .
thus the greater london council proposed in their evidence to williams that the law should prohibit any depictions ‘ which purport to [show] an unlawful sexual act ’ , a course which might have ruled out sin as a serious subject for filmed drama .

Working models , videos , pictorial and three dimensional displays portray every aspect of life on the canals .
working models , videos , pictorial and three dimensional displays [show] every aspect of life on the canals .

There will also be the influence of soap operas , from Dallas to EastEnders , which will portray marriage with a blend of romanticism and earthiness .
there will also be the influence of soap operas , from dallas to eastenders , which will [show] marriage with a blend of romanticism and earthiness .

Even when our conscious feelings are not in a state of conflict , it is difficult to portray them relatively accurately in words , but it is much more so when they are .
even when our conscious feelings are not in a state of conflict , it is difficult to [show] them relatively accurately in words , but it is much more so when they are .

Many school textbooks , from the earliest readers , portray older people as clumsy , frail , pathetic , and needing to be helped across roads , while younger members of the family are happily enjoying an exciting and glamorous life .
many school textbooks , from the earliest readers , [show] older people as clumsy , frail , pathetic , and needing to be helped across roads , while younger members of the family are happily enjoying an exciting and glamorous life .

At one end of the spectrum they portray the nostalgic scene of silver-threaded couples drinking endless cups of tea , surrounded by cats , unfinished knitting and unlit pipes on the mantlepiece .
at one end of the spectrum they [show] the nostalgic scene of silver-threaded couples drinking endless cups of tea , surrounded by cats , unfinished knitting and unlit pipes on the mantlepiece .

They would like to hear from any men who are in , or can portray this age group .
they would like to hear from any men who are in , or can [show] this age group .

Although Lawrence 's relationship with Feisal was close , the film does not portray its hero as homosexual , merely a little strange .
although lawrence 's relationship with feisal was close , the film does not [show] its hero as homosexual , merely a little strange .

Recognition of the true self can only come about when we show the world that we accept the fact that we are not the perfect , flawless human beings we wish to portray — when we stop living a lie .
recognition of the true self can only come about when we show the world that we accept the fact that we are not the perfect , flawless human beings we wish to [show] — when we stop living a lie .

Yogurt manufacturers , for example , portray fit , lively people , glowing with health .
yogurt manufacturers , for example , [show] fit , lively people , glowing with health .

Fresh and distinctive , the short stories in this remarkable collection portray a view of society that is infused with wry fun and a sharp but sympathetic wisdom , as Maeve Kelly captures the hopes , passions and despairs of women struggling with the constraints of everyday life .
fresh and distinctive , the short stories in this remarkable collection [show] a view of society that is infused with wry fun and a sharp but sympathetic wisdom , as maeve kelly captures the hopes , passions and despairs of women struggling with the constraints of everyday life .

Each church decided which Bible story it wished to portray , wrote a script , found a lorry and mounted the production on it .
each church decided which bible story it wished to [show] , wrote a script , found a lorry and mounted the production on it .

Several authors portray the threat in vivid language .
several authors [show] the threat in vivid language .

The kings they portray were a mixture of human heroism , divinely inspired wisdom and very human failings .
the kings they [show] were a mixture of human heroism , divinely inspired wisdom and very human failings .

The prophets they portray were at once more civilized than their masters and more closely in touch with the divine will .
the prophets they [show] were at once more civilized than their masters and more closely in touch with the divine will .

In the Furness area his eyes had been opened to the beauties of nature and he wished to portray it all .
in the furness area his eyes had been opened to the beauties of nature and he wished to [show] it all .

There are , of course , many works of ‘ art ’ which portray this area of human activity .
there are , of course , many works of ‘ art ’ which [show] this area of human activity .

The violence of these movies is sometimes excused on the ground that they portray violence already existing in society or that they entertain .
the violence of these movies is sometimes excused on the ground that they [show] violence already existing in society or that they entertain .

Today , sound theories and educational strategies exist that are neither adult- nor child-centered but , instead , portray both as participating actively , jointly , and inseparably in the process of development .
today , sound theories and educational strategies exist that are neither adult- nor child-centered but , instead , [show] both as participating actively , jointly , and inseparably in the process of development .

Los mesoneros , those who portray the innkeepers , keep refusing them lodging .
los mesoneros , those who [show] the innkeepers , keep refusing them lodging .

Characteristic of the city ’ s civic consciousness , they portray the Life of Man from Adam ’ s creation to the rise of civilization through the arts and sciences — music , architecture , metallurgy , and the like — pursued so earnestly by the Florentine guilds that commissioned the work .
characteristic of the city ’ s civic consciousness , they [show] the life of man from adam ’ s creation to the rise of civilization through the arts and sciences — music , architecture , metallurgy , and the like — pursued so earnestly by the florentine guilds that commissioned the work .

It is a polychrome sculpted wooden triptych of 18 panels , which portray the last days of Jesus in moving detail .
it is a polychrome sculpted wooden triptych of 18 panels , which [show] the last days of jesus in moving detail .

The sculptures portray not only erotic postures , but also the adventures of Krishna : in one he uses all four arms to fend off two wrestlers .
the sculptures [show] not only erotic postures , but also the adventures of krishna : in one he uses all four arms to fend off two wrestlers .

You can wander around the grand staterooms , promenade deck , bridge , and other exhibits that portray life in the working and living quarters of the ship .
you can wander around the grand staterooms , promenade deck , bridge , and other exhibits that [show] life in the working and living quarters of the ship .

The usual version ( legong kraton ) is the tale of a king and the princess he has abducted , performed by the two principals who , using various hand and facial gestures , portray the attempted seduction .
the usual version ( legong kraton ) is the tale of a king and the princess he has abducted , performed by the two principals who , using various hand and facial gestures , [show] the attempted seduction .

The old mess hall is now the “ Little Chapel on the Square , ” where the stained-glass windows portray not saints but Mounties , notably a reveille bugler and guard in mourning .
the old mess hall is now the “ little chapel on the square , ” where the stained-glass windows [show] not saints but mounties , notably a reveille bugler and guard in mourning .

The measures of accountability mentioned above help to portray the Government 's `` financial condition . ''
the measures of accountability mentioned above help to [show] the government 's `` financial condition . ''

As the Board stated in the Introduction and Background chapter of this Statement , it believes that these stewardship items warrant specialized reporting to highlight their importance and to portray them in additional ways than provided by financial accounting .
as the board stated in the introduction and background chapter of this statement , it believes that these stewardship items warrant specialized reporting to highlight their importance and to [show] them in additional ways than provided by financial accounting .

The case study report was a narrative whose purpose was to illustrate or portray what a program was like , how it was being implemented , and how those who were part of it both affected it and were affected by it .
the case study report was a narrative whose purpose was to illustrate or [show] what a program was like , how it was being implemented , and how those who were part of it both affected it and were affected by it .

How do you portray violence in movies nowadays so that it is n't a turn-on ?
how do you [show] violence in movies nowadays so that it is n't a turn-on ?

That 's the kind of truth that reveals itself to documentary filmmakers after the fact , when they go over footage and discover unexpected patterns , dissonances , glimmers of a universe that 's richer and messier than the one they set out to portray .
that 's the kind of truth that reveals itself to documentary filmmakers after the fact , when they go over footage and discover unexpected patterns , dissonances , glimmers of a universe that 's richer and messier than the one they set out to [show] .

Twilight is The Late Show without the spitfire , and it succumbs to the paralysis it means to portray .
twilight is the late show without the spitfire , and it succumbs to the paralysis it means to [show] .

The papers also try to portray it as exciting .
the papers also try to [show] it as exciting .

The papers also agree that the tapes portray Tripp as a manipulator , which plays into White House hands .
the papers also agree that the tapes [show] tripp as a manipulator , which plays into white house hands .

According to the Enquirer , Monica 's book will portray the most powerful man in the world as the Don Knotts of romance , quivering in fear that a steward might bust in on one of his inappropriate physical contact sessions .
according to the enquirer , monica 's book will [show] the most powerful man in the world as the don knotts of romance , quivering in fear that a steward might bust in on one of his inappropriate physical contact sessions .

Departing from my past ad campaigns , the rock pictorials portray models who are fresh , young , and all-American , in a cutting edge , high energy , and modern environment . ''
departing from my past ad campaigns , the rock pictorials [show] models who are fresh , young , and all-american , in a cutting edge , high energy , and modern environment . ''

In his baroque homage to the book , Coppola apparently could not muster the will to portray the character with such a pronounced overbite , and so Dracula 's fangs descend only periodically , amid so much gaping mouth movement that the count looks like he 's coughing up a hairball .
in his baroque homage to the book , coppola apparently could not muster the will to [show] the character with such a pronounced overbite , and so dracula 's fangs descend only periodically , amid so much gaping mouth movement that the count looks like he 's coughing up a hairball .

Press reviews unanimously portray his budget balancing as a sham : It does n't specify where programs will be cut .
press reviews unanimously [show] his budget balancing as a sham : it does n't specify where programs will be cut .

By punting Commerce , Clinton could portray himself as a more principled defender of the free market than Republicans , who tolerate the corporations that are chronically dependent on the federal government .
by punting commerce , clinton could [show] himself as a more principled defender of the free market than republicans , who tolerate the corporations that are chronically dependent on the federal government .

The first politician McCain wants to portray as corrupted is Bush .
the first politician mccain wants to [show] as corrupted is bush .

In the September issue of Commentary , Justus Reid Weiner , a lawyer and scholar in residence at the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs , accused Said of lying about his childhood in order to portray himself as a Palestinian refugee , when in fact he grew up in Cairo , Egypt .
in the september issue of commentary , justus reid weiner , a lawyer and scholar in residence at the jerusalem center for public affairs , accused said of lying about his childhood in order to [show] himself as a palestinian refugee , when in fact he grew up in cairo , egypt .

Difference feminists portray women 's soccer as more civil and noble than men 's soccer .
difference feminists [show] women 's soccer as more civil and noble than men 's soccer .

Ten Commandment Book Covers : `` Beautifully designed , these book covers reverently portray the importance of a higher law in the lives of our school children .
ten commandment book covers : `` beautifully designed , these book covers reverently [show] the importance of a higher law in the lives of our school children .

He 's going to reject the whole Washington blame game -- undercutting his own party as well as Gore -- and portray himself as a man who solves problems instead of complaining about them or blaming them on his enemies .
he 's going to reject the whole washington blame game -- undercutting his own party as well as gore -- and [show] himself as a man who solves problems instead of complaining about them or blaming them on his enemies .

It is a 20 th -century American habit to portray adolescents as incipient juvenile delinquents , when not idealizing them as `` the future of our society . ''
it is a 20 th -century american habit to [show] adolescents as incipient juvenile delinquents , when not idealizing them as `` the future of our society . ''

Democrats , with equal chutzpah , will portray anything less as a Democratic victory .
democrats , with equal chutzpah , will [show] anything less as a democratic victory .

Instead , they 'll portray it as a surge of turnout among diehard Clinton supporters .
instead , they 'll [show] it as a surge of turnout among diehard clinton supporters .

If Haynes wants Velvet Goldmine to be an anthem to the principles Bowie once embodied -- the embrace of artifice and the smashing of conventional sexual roles -- he also wants to portray the rocker as a hollow opportunist who abandoned glam and bisexuality for the life of a corporate superstar , throwing in his lot with the forces of repression .
if haynes wants velvet goldmine to be an anthem to the principles bowie once embodied -- the embrace of artifice and the smashing of conventional sexual roles -- he also wants to [show] the rocker as a hollow opportunist who abandoned glam and bisexuality for the life of a corporate superstar , throwing in his lot with the forces of repression .

There are flaws in this argument , not the least of them Wolfe 's assumption that only realistic narrative can portray the world persuasively .
there are flaws in this argument , not the least of them wolfe 's assumption that only realistic narrative can [show] the world persuasively .

Whom does the DOJ portray as Microsoft 's chief victim ?
whom does the doj [show] as microsoft 's chief victim ?

On the other hand , do we detect a defensive note in a story about singer Merle Haggard , which finds it necessary to explain why the Enquirer had chosen this moment to portray Haggard as a bad husband and father ?
on the other hand , do we detect a defensive note in a story about singer merle haggard , which finds it necessary to explain why the enquirer had chosen this moment to [show] haggard as a bad husband and father ?

Dozens of photographs portray neo-teens in school , on the family farm , on inner city streets , at the mall , and in their bedrooms ( all of which are apparently decorated with Hanson posters ) .
dozens of photographs [show] neo-teens in school , on the family farm , on inner city streets , at the mall , and in their bedrooms ( all of which are apparently decorated with hanson posters ) .

On television , this season 's two most visible Santa ads portray him as an old lech ( Victoria 's Secret ) and a clumsy oaf ( Home Depot ) .
on television , this season 's two most visible santa ads [show] him as an old lech ( victoria 's secret ) and a clumsy oaf ( home depot ) .

He pays for this lack of political refinement , as the political oddsmakers portray him as a boorish ideologue and rhetorical bumbler prone to such `` Armey Axioms '' as `` You ca n't put your finger on a problem when you 've got it to the wind . ''
he pays for this lack of political refinement , as the political oddsmakers [show] him as a boorish ideologue and rhetorical bumbler prone to such `` armey axioms '' as `` you ca n't put your finger on a problem when you 've got it to the wind . ''

She could no longer portray a convincing Roseanne Conner , largely because she no longer had any connection to Roseanne Conner 's world .
she could no longer [show] a convincing roseanne conner , largely because she no longer had any connection to roseanne conner 's world .

If he were a white Republican , and thus less of a novelty , the press would portray him more directly as a fanatic .
if he were a white republican , and thus less of a novelty , the press would [show] him more directly as a fanatic .

In another front-page piece , Le Monde reported that Brigitte Bardot has joined the ranks of Serb nationalist supporters in France who deny the crimes committed by the Bosnian Serbs and portray them as victims of `` a vast American-German-Vatican-Islamic coalition . ''
in another front-page piece , le monde reported that brigitte bardot has joined the ranks of serb nationalist supporters in france who deny the crimes committed by the bosnian serbs and [show] them as victims of `` a vast american-german-vatican-islamic coalition . ''

I also thought : How astounded we would have been , 25 years ago , to be told that the All the President 's Men -ish movie of 1999 would portray CBS News as villainous and the attorney general of Mississippi as a hero .
i also thought : how astounded we would have been , 25 years ago , to be told that the all the president 's men -ish movie of 1999 would [show] cbs news as villainous and the attorney general of mississippi as a hero .

The second book is his attempt to portray himself as a spiritual heir to the Jewish gangsters .
the second book is his attempt to [show] himself as a spiritual heir to the jewish gangsters .

Krauthammer and Blankley both portray Brock as a marginal self-promoter who overstates his historical role .
krauthammer and blankley both [show] brock as a marginal self-promoter who overstates his historical role .

I 'm less enchanted by the content than many , but I certainly respect Scorsese 's struggle to alter his directorial voice and usual amphetamine rhythms to portray the Dalai Lama .
i 'm less enchanted by the content than many , but i certainly respect scorsese 's struggle to alter his directorial voice and usual amphetamine rhythms to [show] the dalai lama .

Shows such as Dawson 's Creek feature teens who act like adults , while shows such as Ally McBeal portray adulthood as `` an extended adolescence . ''
shows such as dawson 's creek feature teens who act like adults , while shows such as ally mcbeal [show] adulthood as `` an extended adolescence . ''

The cover story uses Justice Department data released after Freedom of Information Act requests to portray the FBI as sloppy and ineffective .
the cover story uses justice department data released after freedom of information act requests to [show] the fbi as sloppy and ineffective .

The NYT budget off-lead covers much the same ground but is a bit more sensitive to the political angle , saying the budget presents the president with `` another opportunity to portray himself as absorbed in governing , and to deflect accusations that he had an affair.. '' The LAT also highlights political considerations , saying that the budget was `` designed to give Democrats an upper hand in November 's congressional elections and provide Vice President Al Gore with an edge as the 2000 presidential election approaches . ''
the nyt budget off-lead covers much the same ground but is a bit more sensitive to the political angle , saying the budget presents the president with `` another opportunity to [show] himself as absorbed in governing , and to deflect accusations that he had an affair.. '' the lat also highlights political considerations , saying that the budget was `` designed to give democrats an upper hand in november 's congressional elections and provide vice president al gore with an edge as the 2000 presidential election approaches . ''

Saddam : Survival is victory ; Americans do n't like casualties on either side ; bring in foreign TV , but not foreign print reporters ; portray yourself as the victim , not the bully , and do n't slug it out , but `` shoot and scoot . ''
saddam : survival is victory ; americans do n't like casualties on either side ; bring in foreign tv , but not foreign print reporters ; [show] yourself as the victim , not the bully , and do n't slug it out , but `` shoot and scoot . ''

Indeed , if you read the official reports of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank , that 's the way they portray things .
indeed , if you read the official reports of the international monetary fund and the world bank , that 's the way they [show] things .

The paper quotes one defense official as saying the study was actually concluded two years ago , but release was delayed while the brass debated how to portray the results .
the paper quotes one defense official as saying the study was actually concluded two years ago , but release was delayed while the brass debated how to [show] the results .

The Times calls the speech one of Bradley 's strongest efforts yet to portray himself as an outsider and reformer , but also notes that with it , Bradley risks offending many Democrats in that he is mirroring Republican criticisms raised against the Clinton White House fund-raising apparatus a few years back .
the times calls the speech one of bradley 's strongest efforts yet to [show] himself as an outsider and reformer , but also notes that with it , bradley risks offending many democrats in that he is mirroring republican criticisms raised against the clinton white house fund-raising apparatus a few years back .

These works have none of the finger-painting naiveté of kids ' art that you might expect ( though two of them portray Close 's young daughters ) .
these works have none of the finger-painting naiveté of kids ' art that you might expect ( though two of them [show] close 's young daughters ) .

Why does Fiss portray the history of Amendment jurisprudence in this perverted way ?
why does fiss [show] the history of amendment jurisprudence in this perverted way ?

Maybe the best way to portray a character like Clare Boothe Luce would be to transport her to fiction .
maybe the best way to [show] a character like clare boothe luce would be to transport her to fiction .

Although the film does n't portray AOL-the-corporation in any particular light , it does portray Tom Hanks , scion of another giant communications empire ( in this case a Borders/Barnes & Noble-type book superstore chain ) as being sweet and misunderstood , even though he puts Meg Ryan 's independent bookstore out of business !
although the film does n't [show] aol-the-corporation in any particular light , it does [show] tom hanks , scion of another giant communications empire ( in this case a borders/barnes & noble-type book superstore chain ) as being sweet and misunderstood , even though he puts meg ryan 's independent bookstore out of business !

Microsoft has used the image of its competitors ' political influence to portray its own lobbying as `` self-defense . ''
microsoft has used the image of its competitors ' political influence to [show] its own lobbying as `` self-defense . ''

Although bidders tend to portray themselves as rescuing ailing companies -- UPR said it was reacting to `` a decade of broken promises and poor performance '' at Pennzoil -- in fact they almost uniformly bid for profitable , healthy companies that the market , for one reason or another , is undervaluing .
although bidders tend to [show] themselves as rescuing ailing companies -- upr said it was reacting to `` a decade of broken promises and poor performance '' at pennzoil -- in fact they almost uniformly bid for profitable , healthy companies that the market , for one reason or another , is undervaluing .

Former WTO Director-General Renato Ruggiero once called the WTO a `` new constitution for a single global economy , '' and protesters have seized on this somewhat presumptuous self-characterization to portray the WTO as a police state designed by rich nations to facilitate the exploitation of poor ones .
former wto director-general renato ruggiero once called the wto a `` new constitution for a single global economy , '' and protesters have seized on this somewhat presumptuous self-characterization to [show] the wto as a police state designed by rich nations to facilitate the exploitation of poor ones .

The Dardennes are peerless at staging and shooting rituals , such as Rosetta 's day selling waffles and beer from a truck : taking an order , plucking a waffle from the iron , grabbing a beer from the shelf , counting money , making change , saying thank you , taking another order … It 's easy to dismiss films that make grandiose statements about how people ought to live but never convincingly portray how they do .
the dardennes are peerless at staging and shooting rituals , such as rosetta 's day selling waffles and beer from a truck : taking an order , plucking a waffle from the iron , grabbing a beer from the shelf , counting money , making change , saying thank you , taking another order … it 's easy to dismiss films that make grandiose statements about how people ought to live but never convincingly [show] how they do .

The plea bargain describes phony paperwork designed to falsely portray as a salary payments made by Salt Lake Olympic officials to the son of an influential IOC member from South Korea .
the plea bargain describes phony paperwork designed to falsely [show] as a salary payments made by salt lake olympic officials to the son of an influential ioc member from south korea .

Pundits said the debate reinforced the race 's existing dynamics : 1 ) McCain continued to `` portray himself as an outsider and as the only candidate willing to speak often unpopular truths '' ; 2 ) Bauer , Forbes , Hatch , and Keyes highlighted their conservative credentials while painting Bush as an unprincipled centrist ; and 3 ) Bush maintained his front-runner status , responding to attacks with `` a more assertive demeanor and a more confident manner '' than in previous debates .
pundits said the debate reinforced the race 's existing dynamics : 1 ) mccain continued to `` [show] himself as an outsider and as the only candidate willing to speak often unpopular truths '' ; 2 ) bauer , forbes , hatch , and keyes highlighted their conservative credentials while painting bush as an unprincipled centrist ; and 3 ) bush maintained his front-runner status , responding to attacks with `` a more assertive demeanor and a more confident manner '' than in previous debates .

M an on the Moon is right to portray Kaufman as a frustrated artist pitted against people who just did n't get it .
m an on the moon is right to [show] kaufman as a frustrated artist pitted against people who just did n't get it .

The vice president 's effort to portray Bradley as a latter-day Newt Gingrich is unconvincing considering that Bradley is frank about his desire to spend a lot of tax dollars expanding the availability of federal health insurance .
the vice president 's effort to [show] bradley as a latter-day newt gingrich is unconvincing considering that bradley is frank about his desire to spend a lot of tax dollars expanding the availability of federal health insurance .

Detractors use these terms to portray Putin as a Cold Warrior who ca n't be trusted with Russia 's nukes .
detractors use these terms to [show] putin as a cold warrior who ca n't be trusted with russia 's nukes .

Critics portray Putin as Yeltsin 's pawn , installed by Yeltsin 's daughter and other cronies to safeguard their financial interests and shield them from prosecution for corruption .
critics [show] putin as yeltsin 's pawn , installed by yeltsin 's daughter and other cronies to safeguard their financial interests and shield them from prosecution for corruption .

That depends on which side 's will breaks first , which in turn depends on each side 's assessment of the strength of the other 's will , which in turn depends on how the media portray their morale .
that depends on which side 's will breaks first , which in turn depends on each side 's assessment of the strength of the other 's will , which in turn depends on how the media [show] their morale .

Despite President Clinton 's widely reported refusal to rule out the use of ground troops , the Times continued to portray him as a wimp .
despite president clinton 's widely reported refusal to rule out the use of ground troops , the times continued to [show] him as a wimp .

In post-acquittal comments , some Republican senators did try to portray the Senate as united in its denunciation of the president .
in post-acquittal comments , some republican senators did try to [show] the senate as united in its denunciation of the president .

The president 's defenders portray Flytrap as a parable of how the law , misapplied , can undermine the president .
the president 's defenders [show] flytrap as a parable of how the law , misapplied , can undermine the president .

The Times reported that Prince Charles is `` infuriated '' by government efforts to portray anti-GM campaigners as hysterics .
the times reported that prince charles is `` infuriated '' by government efforts to [show] anti-gm campaigners as hysterics .

The first is the familiarity of the world they portray .
the first is the familiarity of the world they [show] .

These stories portray bounty hunters as thugs who are beyond the law .
these stories [show] bounty hunters as thugs who are beyond the law .

Though the GOP and the administration are quite close on the numbers , those on Newt 's right flank are likely to portray any agreement with the president as a capitulation born of weakness .
though the gop and the administration are quite close on the numbers , those on newt 's right flank are likely to [show] any agreement with the president as a capitulation born of weakness .

While he buys it himself , Hersh does n't portray his evidence as better than it really is .
while he buys it himself , hersh does n't [show] his evidence as better than it really is .

Linda Tripp resumed her testimony before the Lewinsky grand jury , two days after Tripp 's lawyers appeared on several weekend TV shows to portray their client as a good citizen who was forced to tell prosecutors about President Clinton 's philandering and Lewinsky 's efforts to cover it up .
linda tripp resumed her testimony before the lewinsky grand jury , two days after tripp 's lawyers appeared on several weekend tv shows to [show] their client as a good citizen who was forced to tell prosecutors about president clinton 's philandering and lewinsky 's efforts to cover it up .

Recent releases portray him as hero or hedonist , romantic or reprobate -- but never as all these things at once .
recent releases [show] him as hero or hedonist , romantic or reprobate -- but never as all these things at once .

Both the NYT and WP note that the amount of new and substantive policy in the speech was designed to portray a president who intends to stick around .
both the nyt and wp note that the amount of new and substantive policy in the speech was designed to [show] a president who intends to stick around .

In sum , the effect of such writing is to portray human existence as something vague and complex .
in sum , the effect of such writing is to [show] human existence as something vague and complex .

A last ditch defense effort to portray MaîtreCrèche as a peasant ignorant of France 's tough laws on the use of such expressions backfired when the prosecution unveiled a book found in the defendant 's office entitled 108 Franglaish Expressions That Can Get You Put in Jail If You Use Them In This Country .
a last ditch defense effort to [show] maîtrecrèche as a peasant ignorant of france 's tough laws on the use of such expressions backfired when the prosecution unveiled a book found in the defendant 's office entitled 108 franglaish expressions that can get you put in jail if you use them in this country .

