This is conceptually similar but not identical to the phenomena described by Matza ( 1964 : 33–68 ) as the subculture of delinquency : both consist of ‘ precepts and customs that are delicately balanced between convention and crime ’ ; both ‘ posit objectives that may be attained through ( crime ) but also other means ’ ; both ‘ allow ( crime ) but it is not demanded or necessarily considered the preferred path ’ ; and both consist of ‘ norms and sentiments ’ which are ‘ beliefs that function as the extenuating conditions under which ( crime ) is permissible ’ .
this is conceptually similar but not identical to the phenomena described by matza ( 1964 : 33–68 ) as the subculture of delinquency : both consist of ‘ precepts and customs that are delicately balanced between convention and crime ’ ; both ‘ [suggest] objectives that may be attained through ( crime ) but also other means ’ ; both ‘ allow ( crime ) but it is not demanded or necessarily considered the preferred path ’ ; and both consist of ‘ norms and sentiments ’ which are ‘ beliefs that function as the extenuating conditions under which ( crime ) is permissible ’ .

In order to claim a scientific status for Marxism as knowledge rather than ideology , or non-knowledge , Althusser invoked Bachelard 's historical epistemology which allowed him to posit the idea of a radical discontinuity between the two , with Marxist science separated from earlier forms of non-knowledge in Marx 's texts by an ‘ epistemological break ’ .
in order to claim a scientific status for marxism as knowledge rather than ideology , or non-knowledge , althusser invoked bachelard 's historical epistemology which allowed him to [suggest] the idea of a radical discontinuity between the two , with marxist science separated from earlier forms of non-knowledge in marx 's texts by an ‘ epistemological break ’ .

The instances and their relations are subject to a degree of variation which would make it anachronistic even to posit a universal phenomenon called ‘ the state ’ .
the instances and their relations are subject to a degree of variation which would make it anachronistic even to [suggest] a universal phenomenon called ‘ the state ’ .

Those who posit a purely biological basis for this phenomenon are ignoring the class or political element .
those who [suggest] a purely biological basis for this phenomenon are ignoring the class or political element .

Bachrach and Baratz posit the existence of ‘ institutional dominance ’ in large corporations .
bachrach and baratz [suggest] the existence of ‘ institutional dominance ’ in large corporations .

Grappling with this problem has led us to reject a sharp either/or dichotomy in terms of innate versus cultural , and instead to posit the existence in human beings of innate potentialities and capacities — as well as innate constraints — that may be turned to peaceful as much as to warlike ends , potentialities and capacities that are necessarily set within the particularity of a moral and semantic universe .
grappling with this problem has led us to reject a sharp either/or dichotomy in terms of innate versus cultural , and instead to [suggest] the existence in human beings of innate potentialities and capacities — as well as innate constraints — that may be turned to peaceful as much as to warlike ends , potentialities and capacities that are necessarily set within the particularity of a moral and semantic universe .

However , we can not posit an opposition in terms of fearful , helpful , and good beings versus brave , aggressive , harmful beings .
however , we can not [suggest] an opposition in terms of fearful , helpful , and good beings versus brave , aggressive , harmful beings .

Greenbaum and Quirk posit a principle of end-focus to account for the tendency to process information ' so as to achieve a linear presentation from low to high information value ' .
greenbaum and quirk [suggest] a principle of end-focus to account for the tendency to process information ' so as to achieve a linear presentation from low to high information value ' .

As is so often the case in the social sciences , it is more helpful to develop theoretical notions in relation to actual , specific issues , rather than to posit theoretical distinctions in the abstract .
as is so often the case in the social sciences , it is more helpful to develop theoretical notions in relation to actual , specific issues , rather than to [suggest] theoretical distinctions in the abstract .

Structural models of hemisphere specialisation which posit that perceptual asymmetries arise because the brain structures that deal with a particular class of stimuli are lateralised exclusively or predominantly to one hemisphere rather than the other can not cope with this variability .
structural models of hemisphere specialisation which [suggest] that perceptual asymmetries arise because the brain structures that deal with a particular class of stimuli are lateralised exclusively or predominantly to one hemisphere rather than the other can not cope with this variability .

The sceptic , it is argued , may well concede that the conceptual scheme that we use and rely on makes sense only if we posit the possibility of re-identifiable particulars , while at the same time insisting that no proof can be supplied of their actual existence .
the sceptic , it is argued , may well concede that the conceptual scheme that we use and rely on makes sense only if we [suggest] the possibility of re-identifiable particulars , while at the same time insisting that no proof can be supplied of their actual existence .

To posit an object in the modus per se is to posit it as something determinate and existentially unique .
to [suggest] an object in the modus per se is to [suggest] it as something determinate and existentially unique .

An alternative way of looking at this is to posit another principle also universally present in human intercourse .
an alternative way of looking at this is to [suggest] another principle also universally present in human intercourse .

The gendering of logical structures leads Kristeva in 1974 to posit a distinction between the ‘ semiotic ’ ( Lacan 's ‘ Imaginary ’ ) and the ‘ symbolic ’ .
the gendering of logical structures leads kristeva in 1974 to [suggest] a distinction between the ‘ semiotic ’ ( lacan 's ‘ imaginary ’ ) and the ‘ symbolic ’ .

In his 12-tone music , as Schorske observes , Schoenberg confirms a ‘ faith in a hard vision of the world that could both accept a pulverised reality and posit it in an order that was not inherent in it ’ .
in his 12-tone music , as schorske observes , schoenberg confirms a ‘ faith in a hard vision of the world that could both accept a pulverised reality and [suggest] it in an order that was not inherent in it ’ .

Bosanquet 's book , The Philosophical Theory of the State , was , for example , designed to challenge the individualism of such thinkers as Bentham , Mill , and Spencer who posit a basic antagonism between the individual and the state .
bosanquet 's book , the philosophical theory of the state , was , for example , designed to challenge the individualism of such thinkers as bentham , mill , and spencer who [suggest] a basic antagonism between the individual and the state .

If he could not posit an ancient line for his comital family , then he would choose to emphasize its newness , its local roots , its dependence on heroic deeds for its rise .
if he could not [suggest] an ancient line for his comital family , then he would choose to emphasize its newness , its local roots , its dependence on heroic deeds for its rise .

Behaviouralist critics , who found these principles inconsistent , responded by pressing what they took to be the claims of scientific method , thus moving still further into Explanation and away from Morgenthau 's residual gestures to human nature as an interpretative posit .
behaviouralist critics , who found these principles inconsistent , responded by pressing what they took to be the claims of scientific method , thus moving still further into explanation and away from morgenthau 's residual gestures to human nature as an interpretative [suggest] .

Reich thought that there was no need to posit basic death instincts to explain the anti-social , unconscious feelings that he agreed with Freud were present in people in modern societies in Europe and America .
reich thought that there was no need to [suggest] basic death instincts to explain the anti-social , unconscious feelings that he agreed with freud were present in people in modern societies in europe and america .

Or even if not wholeheartedly within this tradition , to posit some form of violent action as the only solution .
or even if not wholeheartedly within this tradition , to [suggest] some form of violent action as the only solution .

The peculiar framing of econometric questions and counterfactuals may posit alternative arrangements in which , in theory , growth would have been as good or even better .
the peculiar framing of econometric questions and counterfactuals may [suggest] alternative arrangements in which , in theory , growth would have been as good or even better .

Fig 3.1 shows some possible segmentations for the word preached that a computer could posit .
fig 3.1 shows some possible segmentations for the word preached that a computer could [suggest] .

And for any of these suspects to have done it , one had to posit a very unlikely set of circumstances .
and for any of these suspects to have done it , one had to [suggest] a very unlikely set of circumstances .

An alternative view might posit some quality peculiar to literature which would justify the independent existence of literary studies , but this would reduce the scope of the object of study to a considerable degree , and result in the repetitive sifting of works in search of the one magic ingredient .
an alternative view might [suggest] some quality peculiar to literature which would justify the independent existence of literary studies , but this would reduce the scope of the object of study to a considerable degree , and result in the repetitive sifting of works in search of the one magic ingredient .

Let us posit a partnership of 5 partners , each with a taxable share of profits of £60,000 , so that their taxable income profiles are as follows : —
let us [suggest] a partnership of 5 partners , each with a taxable share of profits of £60,000 , so that their taxable income profiles are as follows : —

It is quite wrong to posit a pathological process , as Aristotle does with his theory of katharsis , whereby the audience is purged of pity and fear by the solemn events of the play .
it is quite wrong to [suggest] a pathological process , as aristotle does with his theory of katharsis , whereby the audience is purged of pity and fear by the solemn events of the play .

When academics delve into someone 's life it is called Biography ; when therapists posit theories on human behaviour it is called Psychology ; when sociologists ruminate on society it is called Sociology .
when academics delve into someone 's life it is called biography ; when therapists [suggest] theories on human behaviour it is called psychology ; when sociologists ruminate on society it is called sociology .

The dependence of the world upon God is not initial but constant ; built into the structures of reality is an inherent dependence which requires us to posit something else — the designer or the first cause .
the dependence of the world upon god is not initial but constant ; built into the structures of reality is an inherent dependence which requires us to [suggest] something else — the designer or the first cause .

If we find cognisance flourishing where there is a set of actions as restricted as those of Christy Nolan 's , then how can reality be something that we posit as the limits of action : in this case a poor actor should have a correspondingly poor grasp of the real .
if we find cognisance flourishing where there is a set of actions as restricted as those of christy nolan 's , then how can reality be something that we [suggest] as the limits of action : in this case a poor actor should have a correspondingly poor grasp of the real .

We do not even have to posit a genetic advantage in imitation , though that would certainly help .
we do not even have to [suggest] a genetic advantage in imitation , though that would certainly help .

Film and television posit , in their dominant forms , the coherence of time and space , prioritizing the diegetic and virtual while eliding the time and place of viewing .
film and television [suggest] , in their dominant forms , the coherence of time and space , prioritizing the diegetic and virtual while eliding the time and place of viewing .

The poem lets us posit an evolutionary series , Orang-outang Cyclops Sweeney but the way in which these three are introduced and relate to one another upsets any simple progressive development by raising questions about what evolutionists and anthropologists discussed as ‘ reversion ’ and ‘ degeneration ’ , countering all optimistic ideas about the growth of humanity .
the poem lets us [suggest] an evolutionary series , orang-outang cyclops sweeney but the way in which these three are introduced and relate to one another upsets any simple progressive development by raising questions about what evolutionists and anthropologists discussed as ‘ reversion ’ and ‘ degeneration ’ , countering all optimistic ideas about the growth of humanity .

Indeed , one could posit the hypothesis that this technique , if enforced , would put more pressure on sparse thorn/acacia resources , or possibly animal dung as cooking fuel rather than as a fertiliser .
indeed , one could [suggest] the hypothesis that this technique , if enforced , would put more pressure on sparse thorn/acacia resources , or possibly animal dung as cooking fuel rather than as a fertiliser .

The next step is to posit from a core vocabulary — words for water , milk , parts of the body and so on — the common language of Homo sapiens some 10,000 to 15,000 years ago .
the next step is to [suggest] from a core vocabulary — words for water , milk , parts of the body and so on — the common language of homo sapiens some 10,000 to 15,000 years ago .

‘ Get off it , Kelly , you ca n't posit norms like that . ’
‘ get off it , kelly , you ca n't [suggest] norms like that . ’

If we let indicate that part of the surplus-value which serves for the personal consumption of the capitalists , and that which is turned into capital , thus , it we make and correspondingly , if we further let indicate that part of the surplus-value which is accumulated as a part of the constant capital , and that part of the surplus-value which is to be accumulated as a part of the variable capital , and thus posit and correspondingly thus the general formula for the product of both departments takes on the following form :
if we let indicate that part of the surplus-value which serves for the personal consumption of the capitalists , and that which is turned into capital , thus , it we make and correspondingly , if we further let indicate that part of the surplus-value which is accumulated as a part of the constant capital , and that part of the surplus-value which is to be accumulated as a part of the variable capital , and thus [suggest] and correspondingly thus the general formula for the product of both departments takes on the following form :

String theories posit either eleven-or-fewer-dimensional space and time , with three of the spatial dimensions unfurled and large scale , corresponding to our familiar three-dimensional space .
string theories [suggest] either eleven-or-fewer-dimensional space and time , with three of the spatial dimensions unfurled and large scale , corresponding to our familiar three-dimensional space .

It displays interesting exhibits that posit Barcelona , or the urban experience , as their theme .
it displays interesting exhibits that [suggest] barcelona , or the urban experience , as their theme .

You know , you butch thing , many cosmologists posit different levels of universes , hoping thereby to answer questions regarding the seeming uniqueness of our own .
you know , you butch thing , many cosmologists [suggest] different levels of universes , hoping thereby to answer questions regarding the seeming uniqueness of our own .

Long as color is a proxy for entitlement , there will be many who find it useful to ostentatiously posit a conflict between their racial core and their assimilated shell .
long as color is a proxy for entitlement , there will be many who find it useful to ostentatiously [suggest] a conflict between their racial core and their assimilated shell .

One may posit that a mind used to grappling with the kudzu of econometrics is more than up to the task of dissecting something as relatively straightforward as college rankings .
one may [suggest] that a mind used to grappling with the kudzu of econometrics is more than up to the task of dissecting something as relatively straightforward as college rankings .

Instead , they posit the appearance of impropriety , warning that Bush 's answers `` create an appearance at least that he has something to hide '' and `` leave the implication '' that he used hard drugs .
instead , they [suggest] the appearance of impropriety , warning that bush 's answers `` create an appearance at least that he has something to hide '' and `` leave the implication '' that he used hard drugs .

Without any specific evidence , proponents of this theory posit that Tripp drafted the TP with the assistance of lawyers involved in the Jones case or otherwise committed to conservative causes .
without any specific evidence , proponents of this theory [suggest] that tripp drafted the tp with the assistance of lawyers involved in the jones case or otherwise committed to conservative causes .

Given the setting , one could posit that Spencer 's invective was not concerned so much with the convoluted interplay of the press with his past peccadilloes , but rather was more driven by the unavoidable necessity of having to plant his 36-year-old sister in the earth later that day .
given the setting , one could [suggest] that spencer 's invective was not concerned so much with the convoluted interplay of the press with his past peccadilloes , but rather was more driven by the unavoidable necessity of having to plant his 36-year-old sister in the earth later that day .

The crucial lesson taught by those two publications , and successful mass-market mags in general , is a rigorous anti-elitism : Esquire and GQ posit , explicitly or by inference , that only winners will be let into their club .
the crucial lesson taught by those two publications , and successful mass-market mags in general , is a rigorous anti-elitism : esquire and gq [suggest] , explicitly or by inference , that only winners will be let into their club .

I would posit that Bill and Michael and Steve and Jerry have become the Madonnas of the current age of stock market mania and celebration of the entrepreneur .
i would [suggest] that bill and michael and steve and jerry have become the madonnas of the current age of stock market mania and celebration of the entrepreneur .

Let me posit a more durable definition than the nerd-cool opposition : Nerdiness is connoisseurship gone awry .
let me [suggest] a more durable definition than the nerd-cool opposition : nerdiness is connoisseurship gone awry .

I firmly posit that the increasingly free flow of information that the Internet allows can only benefit people in the long run by educating them on the wider world outside their windows .
i firmly [suggest] that the increasingly free flow of information that the internet allows can only benefit people in the long run by educating them on the wider world outside their windows .

Basing their theories on evidence found in magnetite grains in Australian bedrock , researchers at Caltech posit that 550 million years ago , continents at the poles scooted toward the equator while equatorial continents shimmied to the poles , all within a mere 15 million years .
basing their theories on evidence found in magnetite grains in australian bedrock , researchers at caltech [suggest] that 550 million years ago , continents at the poles scooted toward the equator while equatorial continents shimmied to the poles , all within a mere 15 million years .

If you read the fine print stashed in a couple of the piece 's crannies , you learn that `` next generation '' and `` hit home '' are rather off : the furthest available projections posit that by the year 2017 , a whopping 5 percent of all deaths would be subject to the tax .
if you read the fine print stashed in a couple of the piece 's crannies , you learn that `` next generation '' and `` hit home '' are rather off : the furthest available projections [suggest] that by the year 2017 , a whopping 5 percent of all deaths would be subject to the tax .

Darwinian theory does posit that homo sapiens were `` designed '' to get their genes into the next generation , but not that they were designed to do so consciously and rationally .
darwinian theory does [suggest] that homo sapiens were `` designed '' to get their genes into the next generation , but not that they were designed to do so consciously and rationally .

Alternative theories posit that blacks earn less because they have fewer marketable skills .
alternative theories [suggest] that blacks earn less because they have fewer marketable skills .

Most unsatisfying of all , you can simply posit a `` taste '' for self-control .
most unsatisfying of all , you can simply [suggest] a `` taste '' for self-control .

In his entirely marvelous book How the Mind Works , cognitive scientist Steven Pinker suggests that we can safely posit a taste for self-control without opening the floodgates that would allow us to posit a taste for drinking motor oil .
in his entirely marvelous book how the mind works , cognitive scientist steven pinker suggests that we can safely [suggest] a taste for self-control without opening the floodgates that would allow us to [suggest] a taste for drinking motor oil .

Where once he proposed a debate between between socialism and capitalism , between the Third World and the As in Map of the World ( 1983 ) , Hare 's later plays posit a subtler conflict over personal and political values .
where once he proposed a debate between between socialism and capitalism , between the third world and the as in map of the world ( 1983 ) , hare 's later plays [suggest] a subtler conflict over personal and political values .

While it may be `` difficult '' to outlast Milosevic , they posit that we can and must do so .
while it may be `` difficult '' to outlast milosevic , they [suggest] that we can and must do so .

Radical idealists posit that we can dictate the way things are -- that we will fight on , and Milosevic can not prevail .
radical idealists [suggest] that we can dictate the way things are -- that we will fight on , and milosevic can not prevail .

Other reporters covering the story posit another scenario : Financially ruined -- Hale was fined $ 2 million in 1994 -- he hung around Dozhier 's bait shop , looking for and receiving petty handouts .
other reporters covering the story [suggest] another scenario : financially ruined -- hale was fined $ 2 million in 1994 -- he hung around dozhier 's bait shop , looking for and receiving petty handouts .

In most cases , they dealt with words and functional elements , creating what are called reconstructions in hypothetical family prototypes called , variously , Proto-Latin , Proto-Greek , Proto-Germanic , Proto-Indo-Iranian , and so forth , the ultimate goal being to posit a single language called Proto-Indo-European .
in most cases , they dealt with words and functional elements , creating what are called reconstructions in hypothetical family prototypes called , variously , proto-latin , proto-greek , proto-germanic , proto-indo-iranian , and so forth , the ultimate goal being to [suggest] a single language called proto-indo-european .

