For that matter , Stan Musial is rare , possessing the disposition that enabled him to put out the same for seven managers , reserving his opinions , but not his effort .
for that matter , stan musial is rare , [having] the disposition that enabled him to put out the same for seven managers , reserving his opinions , but not his effort .

`` Behind that Charlie Chaplin moustache and that truant lock of hair that always covered his forehead , behind the tirades and the sulky silences , the passionate orations and the occasional dull evasive stare , behind the prejudices , the cynicism , the total amorality of behavior , behind even the tendency to great strategic mistakes , there lay a statesman of no mean qualities : Shrewd , calculating , in many ways realistic , endowed -- like Stalin -- with considerable powers of dissimulation , capable of playing his cards very close to his chest when he so desired , yet bold and resolute in his decisions , and possessing one gift Stalin did not possess : The ability to rouse men to fever pitch of personal devotion and enthusiasm by the power of the spoken word '' .
`` behind that charlie chaplin moustache and that truant lock of hair that always covered his forehead , behind the tirades and the sulky silences , the passionate orations and the occasional dull evasive stare , behind the prejudices , the cynicism , the total amorality of behavior , behind even the tendency to great strategic mistakes , there lay a statesman of no mean qualities : shrewd , calculating , in many ways realistic , endowed -- like stalin -- with considerable powers of dissimulation , capable of playing his cards very close to his chest when he so desired , yet bold and resolute in his decisions , and [having] one gift stalin did not possess : the ability to rouse men to fever pitch of personal devotion and enthusiasm by the power of the spoken word '' .

and , being left carnal , he will be an imperfect being , possessing the image ( of God ) in his formation , but not receiving the similitude ( of God ) through the Spirit '' .
and , being left carnal , he will be an imperfect being , [having] the image ( of god ) in his formation , but not receiving the similitude ( of god ) through the spirit '' .

Individuals possessing unusual gifts and great personal power were transmuted at death into awesome spirits ; ;
individuals [having] unusual gifts and great personal power were transmuted at death into awesome spirits ; ;

One would not expect such an event to occur in animals possessing lungs of types 1 , or 2 .
one would not expect such an event to occur in animals [having] lungs of types 1 , or 2 .

On the other hand , there are a few antithyroid drugs of this same general type , such as resorcinol , possessing no reducing activity and possibly acting through formation of a complex with molecular iodine .
on the other hand , there are a few antithyroid drugs of this same general type , such as resorcinol , [having] no reducing activity and possibly acting through formation of a complex with molecular iodine .

The Marquis of Blandford has been given a conditional discharge for possessing a twelve-bore shot-gun without a licence .
the marquis of blandford has been given a conditional discharge for [having] a twelve-bore shot-gun without a licence .

The Marquis of Blandford arrived at Chipping Norton magistrates court to face a charge of possessing a shot gun without a licence , only weeks after he was released from Oxford prison .
the marquis of blandford arrived at chipping norton magistrates court to face a charge of [having] a shot gun without a licence , only weeks after he was released from oxford prison .

Mr Jones pleaded guilty to possessing a firearm with criminal intent and affray .
mr jones pleaded guilty to [having] a firearm with criminal intent and affray .

Just before he was due to return home for Christmas , he was arrested and charged with possessing , manufacturing and selling alcohol , as well as operating a still .
just before he was due to return home for christmas , he was arrested and charged with [having] , manufacturing and selling alcohol , as well as operating a still .

Last year Thames Valley police cautioned or prosecuted sixteen hundred and seventy-three people possessing controlled drugs .
last year thames valley police cautioned or prosecuted sixteen hundred and seventy-three people [having] controlled drugs .

Social workers and police began an enquiry after the vice-chairman of governors , Peter Righton , from Evesham , was accused of possessing child pornography .
social workers and police began an enquiry after the vice-chairman of governors , peter righton , from evesham , was accused of [having] child pornography .

He 's been in the popular resort area Goa for thirteen months charged with possessing cannabis … He faces a possible prison term of at least 10 years and it 's driving his mother crazy with worry .
he 's been in the popular resort area goa for thirteen months charged with [having] cannabis … he faces a possible prison term of at least 10 years and it 's driving his mother crazy with worry .

The couple appeared in court in Illinois on Thursday and pleaded not guilty to more than 60 charges including cruelty and neglect and possessing marijuana .
the couple appeared in court in illinois on thursday and pleaded not guilty to more than 60 charges including cruelty and neglect and [having] marijuana .

He admitted ten charges of possessing and supplying cannabis and speed over a period of a year .
he admitted ten charges of [having] and supplying cannabis and speed over a period of a year .

Keeper accused of possessing poisons
keeper accused of [having] poisons

‘ No-one would admit to possessing the drugs , which because of the small quantity were clearly for personal use only .
‘ no-one would admit to [having] the drugs , which because of the small quantity were clearly for personal use only .

Robert Lowther was sentenced to six years , with a further year for possessing five petrol bombs with intent , taking a car without consent and making off without payment , offences unconnected with the burglary .
robert lowther was sentenced to six years , with a further year for [having] five petrol bombs with intent , taking a car without consent and making off without payment , offences unconnected with the burglary .

But Darren Whitehouse faced a charge of possessing the drug rather than a supplying charge because police believed he was lying to protect his mother .
but darren whitehouse faced a charge of [having] the drug rather than a supplying charge because police believed he was lying to protect his mother .

Whitehouse , 21 , of Wales Street , admitted possessing a cannabis roach end when he appeared before Teesside Crown Court .
whitehouse , 21 , of wales street , admitted [having] a cannabis roach end when he appeared before teesside crown court .

Yesterday Bland , 35 , appeared before Teesside Crown Court and admitted possessing a prohibited weapon and two offences of possessing a firearm without a certificate .
yesterday bland , 35 , appeared before teesside crown court and admitted [having] a prohibited weapon and two offences of [having] a firearm without a certificate .

Bland , 35 , now of Prior Dene , Darlington , admitted possessing a prohibited weapon and two offences of possessing a firearm without a certificate .
bland , 35 , now of prior dene , darlington , admitted [having] a prohibited weapon and two offences of [having] a firearm without a certificate .

They also deny possessing a rifle with intent to endanger life .
they also deny [having] a rifle with intent to endanger life .

Sean Connolly , 31 , was found guilty of three charges of possessing explosives and arms with intent to endanger life .
sean connolly , 31 , was found guilty of three charges of [having] explosives and arms with intent to endanger life .

It is a word of two syllables possessing two sounds , written gh and ao , which do not occur in English .
it is a word of two syllables [having] two sounds , written gh and ao , which do not occur in english .

By March , he 'd won the right to remove incompetent principals — like the one in the Bronx who had been convicted of possessing crack cocaine .
by march , he 'd won the right to remove incompetent principals — like the one in the bronx who had been convicted of [having] crack cocaine .

Ian Ainsworth , 24 , of Acrefield Road , Woolton , denies possessing the drug with intent to supply .
ian ainsworth , 24 , of acrefield road , woolton , denies [having] the drug with intent to supply .

They also deny possessing a Ruger revolver with five rounds of ammunition , an imitation semi-automatic pistol , and falsely imprisoning Sarah Kennedy , her sons , Christopher ( ten ) , Jonathan ( six ) and a ten-year-old school-friend of Christopher 's .
they also deny [having] a ruger revolver with five rounds of ammunition , an imitation semi-automatic pistol , and falsely imprisoning sarah kennedy , her sons , christopher ( ten ) , jonathan ( six ) and a ten-year-old school-friend of christopher 's .

Mr Copeland also jailed him for three months for possessing Ecstasy , three months for possessing amphetamines , six months for having Ecstasy with intent to supply and three months for having amphetamines with intent to supply .
mr copeland also jailed him for three months for [having] ecstasy , three months for [having] amphetamines , six months for having ecstasy with intent to supply and three months for having amphetamines with intent to supply .

Jane Austen believes that a good marriage depends on the marriage possessing a balance of affection between both the man and the woman .
jane austen believes that a good marriage depends on the marriage [having] a balance of affection between both the man and the woman .

Ainsworth denied possessing the drug with intent to supply .
ainsworth denied [having] the drug with intent to supply .

Kevin Peter Horner , 18 , of Sycamore Road , Linthorpe , Middlesbrough , admitted possessing cannabis , fined £100 plus £30 costs .
kevin peter horner , 18 , of sycamore road , linthorpe , middlesbrough , admitted [having] cannabis , fined £100 plus £30 costs .

David Elsdon , 19 , admitted four offences of possessing and five offences of supplying drugs .
david elsdon , 19 , admitted four offences of [having] and five offences of supplying drugs .

Darren Cook , 19 , admitted two offences of possessing , possession of cannabis , and three offences of being concerned in the supply .
darren cook , 19 , admitted two offences of [having] , possession of cannabis , and three offences of being concerned in the supply .

Signaller Stuart Wilson , 20 , was dismissed from the army and sentenced to six months detention by a Catterick Garrison district court martial after he admitted possessing drugs .
signaller stuart wilson , 20 , was dismissed from the army and sentenced to six months detention by a catterick garrison district court martial after he admitted [having] drugs .

Robert Corrance , of Fenby Avenue , Darlington , appeared before town magistrates yesterday charged with theft of £40 , possessing counterfeit currency and passing counterfeit currency .
robert corrance , of fenby avenue , darlington , appeared before town magistrates yesterday charged with theft of £40 , [having] counterfeit currency and passing counterfeit currency .

Coun Garvey , former vice-chairman of Cleveland police committee , also faces a charge of assaulting another Middlesbrough councillor , David Ross , and of possessing cannabis .
coun garvey , former vice-chairman of cleveland police committee , also faces a charge of assaulting another middlesbrough councillor , david ross , and of [having] cannabis .

He was brought before Darlington magistrates yesterday charged with causing grievous bodily harm to Jason Ward and Pauline Rees , imprisoning Leanne Rees against her will at Lyonette Road , Darlington , illegally possessing a 12-bore sawn-off shotgun , and possessing the weapon without holding a firearms certificate .
he was brought before darlington magistrates yesterday charged with causing grievous bodily harm to jason ward and pauline rees , imprisoning leanne rees against her will at lyonette road , darlington , illegally [having] a 12-bore sawn-off shotgun , and [having] the weapon without holding a firearms certificate .

Yesterday Summersgill , 27 , appeared before Teesside Crown Court and admitted three offences of burglary , four offences of handling stolen goods and one offence of possessing amphetamine sulphate .
yesterday summersgill , 27 , appeared before teesside crown court and admitted three offences of burglary , four offences of handling stolen goods and one offence of [having] amphetamine sulphate .

2 men , Paul Bryant , aged 29 , and who 'd lived in Cheltenham before the robbery , and Mark Cunnliffe , also 29 , from Derby , are accused of robbery , attempted murder , and possessing a firearm .
2 men , paul bryant , aged 29 , and who 'd lived in cheltenham before the robbery , and mark cunnliffe , also 29 , from derby , are accused of robbery , attempted murder , and [having] a firearm .

He was later fined 900 pounds after pleading guilty to possessing indecent photographs of children and importing indecent material .
he was later fined 900 pounds after pleading guilty to [having] indecent photographs of children and importing indecent material .

The accused also deny charges of conspiring to cause an explosion , having the bomb with intent and possessing it in suspicious circumstances .
the accused also deny charges of conspiring to cause an explosion , having the bomb with intent and [having] it in suspicious circumstances .

Two of importing indecent material and one of possessing indecent photographs of children .
two of importing indecent material and one of [having] indecent photographs of children .

Meanwhile , Mrs Hilali , who 's been in this resort in Turkey for most of this year , has now been charged by Turkish police with possessing hashish and pornographic videos , along with Philip Baker her adopted son .
meanwhile , mrs hilali , who 's been in this resort in turkey for most of this year , has now been charged by turkish police with [having] hashish and pornographic videos , along with philip baker her adopted son .

Nicholas Brown was jailed for possessing drugs .
nicholas brown was jailed for [having] drugs .

An appeal against his conviction for possessing cannabis was quashed , after a High court ruled there was no evidence against him .
an appeal against his conviction for [having] cannabis was quashed , after a high court ruled there was no evidence against him .

Brian Mounsey , from Liverpool , admitted possessing two kilos of heroin when he appeared before a court in Bangkok .
brian mounsey , from liverpool , admitted [having] two kilos of heroin when he appeared before a court in bangkok .

In fact , modern crocodiles still have a strong resemblance to their long-lost thecodont ancestors , particularly the 230 million-year-old Chasmatosaurus , possessing the same pattern of bony scutes or plates — like armour — beneath the skin .
in fact , modern crocodiles still have a strong resemblance to their long-lost thecodont ancestors , particularly the 230 million-year-old chasmatosaurus , [having] the same pattern of bony scutes or plates — like armour — beneath the skin .

They usually had a thick , armoured skin , as well as possessing advanced features such as predentary bone , and sometimes a complex set of teeth set in a horny mouth .
they usually had a thick , armoured skin , as well as [having] advanced features such as predentary bone , and sometimes a complex set of teeth set in a horny mouth .

Indeed , the six-metre long sauropod neck has been likened to a living crane for lifting the head to feed , with up to fifteen vertebrae possessing unique extra articulations in the neck to combine strength with agility .
indeed , the six-metre long sauropod neck has been likened to a living crane for lifting the head to feed , with up to fifteen vertebrae [having] unique extra articulations in the neck to combine strength with agility .

If the argument is accepted that dinosaurs were on their way to possessing a non-reptilian or bird-like heart , then as soon as the separation of the heart valves was complete it enabled the thecodonts , probably in the Triassic .
if the argument is accepted that dinosaurs were on their way to [having] a non-reptilian or bird-like heart , then as soon as the separation of the heart valves was complete it enabled the thecodonts , probably in the triassic .

The big Levin ‘ Goliath ’ is thought by many to be equal to Martin 's Dreadnought in sweetness , tonality , power and playability , possessing its own ‘ voice ’ and with volume to spare .
the big levin ‘ goliath ’ is thought by many to be equal to martin 's dreadnought in sweetness , tonality , power and playability , [having] its own ‘ voice ’ and with volume to spare .

It is against this background of a highly anomalous solvent possessing some kind of possible patterning effect that we must consider the homoeopathic potencies .
it is against this background of a highly anomalous solvent [having] some kind of possible patterning effect that we must consider the homoeopathic potencies .

Righton was fined £900 by Evesham court , Worcs , after he admitted importing and possessing indecent material .
righton was fined £900 by evesham court , worcs , after he admitted importing and [having] indecent material .

Aaron Hayes , Daniel Williams and John Hughes were jailed for 15 months for conspiracy to rob and possessing an imitation firearm .
aaron hayes , daniel williams and john hughes were jailed for 15 months for conspiracy to rob and [having] an imitation firearm .

He is accused of possessing 10 milligrammes of amphetamine sulphate , known as speed .
he is accused of [having] 10 milligrammes of amphetamine sulphate , known as speed .

Ultimately , though , Live have a way to go if they are to find the rock niche they seek and ‘ Mental Jewelry ’ — despite possessing a great level of enthusiasm and commitment — is not representative enough of any one particular musical genre to fully captivate a specific audience .
ultimately , though , live have a way to go if they are to find the rock niche they seek and ‘ mental jewelry ’ — despite [having] a great level of enthusiasm and commitment — is not representative enough of any one particular musical genre to fully captivate a specific audience .

In the centre of the south-west facing slopes of this favoured valley lies the famous ‘ Côte aux Enfants ’ , a single-site vineyard possessing exceptional qualities .
in the centre of the south-west facing slopes of this favoured valley lies the famous ‘ côte aux enfants ’ , a single-site vineyard [having] exceptional qualities .

Anyone possessing the gall to launch three blows into orbit and over the fence in the opening 20 minutes of the day , as Hooper did at The Oval last August when West Indies were following on , is no mere mortal .
anyone [having] the gall to launch three blows into orbit and over the fence in the opening 20 minutes of the day , as hooper did at the oval last august when west indies were following on , is no mere mortal .

He had denied the charge , but admitted another of unlawfully possessing a firearm .
he had denied the charge , but admitted another of unlawfully [having] a firearm .

In the case of William Wordsworth we are fortunate in possessing his own very full account of the first part of his life , roughly down to the mid-1790s , in the ‘ Poem ’ addressed to Coleridge which we now know as The Prelude .
in the case of william wordsworth we are fortunate in [having] his own very full account of the first part of his life , roughly down to the mid-1790s , in the ‘ poem ’ addressed to coleridge which we now know as the prelude .

The nursing team in the intensive care unit consists of experienced nurses , with over 90 % possessing a relevant post-basic qualification .
the nursing team in the intensive care unit consists of experienced nurses , with over 90 % [having] a relevant post-basic qualification .

It was also very beautiful , possessing an ivory horn like a unicorn 's and a peacock 's tail .
it was also very beautiful , [having] an ivory horn like a unicorn 's and a peacock 's tail .

Stories like that of the Wall Street broker who is currently sweeping the streets as part of his sentence for possessing controlled substances .
stories like that of the wall street broker who is currently sweeping the streets as part of his sentence for [having] controlled substances .

Although no one spoke of it , not a soul in the hall failed to be aware that Paul Arkwright , possessing one of the most brilliant minds of the century , had died in a mental asylum after having , many years ago now , made an attempt on his own life .
although no one spoke of it , not a soul in the hall failed to be aware that paul arkwright , [having] one of the most brilliant minds of the century , had died in a mental asylum after having , many years ago now , made an attempt on his own life .

He could not live sanely , wholly , without her ; it was not enough to go to the playhouse , watch her tempting presence above him on the stage , without the least hope of possessing it .
he could not live sanely , wholly , without her ; it was not enough to go to the playhouse , watch her tempting presence above him on the stage , without the least hope of [having] it .

Possessing something different which they could talk to other people about .
[having] something different which they could talk to other people about .

Martin Margiela continued with his deconstructed long lean line , this time showing two collections in two separate locations , one in black and the other in white , both lovely and possessing a purity which is integral to his work .
martin margiela continued with his deconstructed long lean line , this time showing two collections in two separate locations , one in black and the other in white , both lovely and [having] a purity which is integral to his work .

Even this proved insufficient to cover all cases , and so the class was enlarged to embrace ‘ other men ’ possessing incomes from land of 200 marks a year ( 1510 ) or £200 ( 1533 ) ; these might have been merchants or any other persons whose wealth was of recent acquisition .
even this proved insufficient to cover all cases , and so the class was enlarged to embrace ‘ other men ’ [having] incomes from land of 200 marks a year ( 1510 ) or £200 ( 1533 ) ; these might have been merchants or any other persons whose wealth was of recent acquisition .

He could not bear to think of losing her , or of not wholly possessing her .
he could not bear to think of losing her , or of not wholly [having] her .

One of the most obvious is the size of the animal possessing the brain .
one of the most obvious is the size of the animal [having] the brain .

Since we are quite different in our behavioural capacities , notably in our possessing language , this may reflect a lack of subtlety on the part of the anatomists but it is probably reasonable to assume that the input and output ends of the system are pretty much the same in monkeys as in people .
since we are quite different in our behavioural capacities , notably in our [having] language , this may reflect a lack of subtlety on the part of the anatomists but it is probably reasonable to assume that the input and output ends of the system are pretty much the same in monkeys as in people .

This is a large élite as élites go , conscious of its privileges and its place , and possessing real instruments of power over those who would challenge it .
this is a large élite as élites go , conscious of its privileges and its place , and [having] real instruments of power over those who would challenge it .

So long as other leaders do not follow Dubček 's example , Moscow can be confident of dealing with known quantities in its client states and of possessing means to manipulate factional rivalries to its own advantage .
so long as other leaders do not follow dubček 's example , moscow can be confident of dealing with known quantities in its client states and of [having] means to manipulate factional rivalries to its own advantage .

Mochlos had the advantage of possessing two harbours , one facing east , one west : if strong winds put one harbour out of commission , the other could be used instead .
mochlos had the advantage of [having] two harbours , one facing east , one west : if strong winds put one harbour out of commission , the other could be used instead .

Curiously , the Phaeacians , the legendary people in the Odyssey who sound like the Minoans in so many ways , were described as the kings of sea-craft ; they were also credited with sailing galleys with fifty oars , in other words , larger ships than Bury credits the Homeric Greeks with possessing .
curiously , the phaeacians , the legendary people in the odyssey who sound like the minoans in so many ways , were described as the kings of sea-craft ; they were also credited with sailing galleys with fifty oars , in other words , larger ships than bury credits the homeric greeks with [having] .

In species where successful males can monopolize breeding access to large numbers of females but similar numbers of males and females are recruited , direct competition between males is likely to be intense , aggressive interactions may be frequent and the selective advantages of possessing traits that affect success in combat may be higher among males than among females .
in species where successful males can monopolize breeding access to large numbers of females but similar numbers of males and females are recruited , direct competition between males is likely to be intense , aggressive interactions may be frequent and the selective advantages of [having] traits that affect success in combat may be higher among males than among females .

To say that the cat perceives the ball is stuck requires that it has the belief that it is , and this involves its possessing the concepts ‘ ball ’ and ‘ stuck ’ .
to say that the cat perceives the ball is stuck requires that it has the belief that it is , and this involves its [having] the concepts ‘ ball ’ and ‘ stuck ’ .

’ But has it he certainly does , and ‘ if there is some one belief that is essential for possessing our concept of a bone , the preference-belief ‘ has at least as strong a claim to that title as any other belief … .
’ but has it he certainly does , and ‘ if there is some one belief that is essential for [having] our concept of a bone , the preference-belief ‘ has at least as strong a claim to that title as any other belief … .

If animals , particularly mature birds and the higher mammals , are taken as possessing more or less the full range of human capacities , with the exception perhaps of moral agency , and if the only dissimilarity is that the capacities are manifested in more limited ways , then there will be an almost irresistible temptation to give them moral status approaching that of recently discovered Stone Age tribes such as the Dani of Irian Jaya .
if animals , particularly mature birds and the higher mammals , are taken as [having] more or less the full range of human capacities , with the exception perhaps of moral agency , and if the only dissimilarity is that the capacities are manifested in more limited ways , then there will be an almost irresistible temptation to give them moral status approaching that of recently discovered stone age tribes such as the dani of irian jaya .

It is as if Blake is taking our hand and compelling us to see what he sees : streets mapped out , chartered , known , possessing no vital life of their own but owned ; a river that has been forced to fit into this scheme , that is likewise owned , and hence deprived of some intrinsic quality that should belong to rivers .
it is as if blake is taking our hand and compelling us to see what he sees : streets mapped out , chartered , known , [having] no vital life of their own but owned ; a river that has been forced to fit into this scheme , that is likewise owned , and hence deprived of some intrinsic quality that should belong to rivers .

They were also all found guilty of illegally possessing firearms .
they were also all found guilty of illegally [having] firearms .

They were also all found guilty of illegally possessing firearms .
they were also all found guilty of illegally [having] firearms .

However , those who criticize foreign inward investment are accused of possessing a ‘ Little Englander ’ mentality , in an environment in which the nationality of companies is becoming ‘ increasingly irrelevant in modern trading conditions ’ ( Kenneth Clarke , Hansard , 8 June 1988 ) .
however , those who criticize foreign inward investment are accused of [having] a ‘ little englander ’ mentality , in an environment in which the nationality of companies is becoming ‘ increasingly irrelevant in modern trading conditions ’ ( kenneth clarke , hansard , 8 june 1988 ) .

But Sneakers , Robert Redford 's long-awaited comeback movie , is no one-dimensional romp in the land of boys'n'toys , despite possessing so many blinking lights , glowing screens and whirring gizmos .
but sneakers , robert redford 's long-awaited comeback movie , is no one-dimensional romp in the land of boys'n'toys , despite [having] so many blinking lights , glowing screens and whirring gizmos .

Different attitudes confront older people ; they are seen to be too slow , too set in their work practices , or possessing skills which have become or will become redundant .
different attitudes confront older people ; they are seen to be too slow , too set in their work practices , or [having] skills which have become or will become redundant .

After all , the transportation of such huge and heavy slabs of rock , often over long distances , must have required an incredible investment of effort on the part of any society possessing only rudimentary technology .
after all , the transportation of such huge and heavy slabs of rock , often over long distances , must have required an incredible investment of effort on the part of any society [having] only rudimentary technology .

If we could somehow persuade our planet to become a black hole , it would be about the size of a marble — but still possessing all the mass of the original Earth .
if we could somehow persuade our planet to become a black hole , it would be about the size of a marble — but still [having] all the mass of the original earth .

Black holes are regions possessing hugely strong gravitational attraction .
black holes are regions [having] hugely strong gravitational attraction .

‘ Owner ’ includes a person possessing the conveyance as a result of a hiring agreement or a hire-purchase agreement .
‘ owner ’ includes a person [having] the conveyance as a result of a hiring agreement or a hire-purchase agreement .

He was cleared of attempted murder and assault but sentenced to a year in prison for possessing a gun illegally .
he was cleared of attempted murder and assault but sentenced to a year in prison for [having] a gun illegally .

Kendall axed Johnston after accusing his players of possessing a big-time mentality and failing to scrap for vital Premier League points in the less-glamourous matches .
kendall axed johnston after accusing his players of [having] a big-time mentality and failing to scrap for vital premier league points in the less-glamourous matches .

He accused his players of possessing a big-time mentaility and being unwilling to scrap for vital Premier League points away from the glamour matches .
he accused his players of [having] a big-time mentaility and being unwilling to scrap for vital premier league points away from the glamour matches .

To most westerners it may appear as a mere decorative embellishment reflecting the ubiquitous presence of the Cobra all over India , or possessing some remote significance in terms of local superstition or religious belief .
to most westerners it may appear as a mere decorative embellishment reflecting the ubiquitous presence of the cobra all over india , or [having] some remote significance in terms of local superstition or religious belief .

Originally called Takshasila , the city was named after the great Naga Chief , Takshaka , referred to as a ‘ carpenter ’ and a great healer in Vedic literature , possessing the power to cure diseases as well as snakebite .
originally called takshasila , the city was named after the great naga chief , takshaka , referred to as a ‘ carpenter ’ and a great healer in vedic literature , [having] the power to cure diseases as well as snakebite .

Cobra effigies and icons are in most part multicephalous , that is possessing three , five , seven or sometimes nine heads , always an odd number .
cobra effigies and icons are in most part multicephalous , that is [having] three , five , seven or sometimes nine heads , always an odd number .

It must be regarded as being imbued with living quality and possessing special powers .
it must be regarded as being imbued with living quality and [having] special powers .

Lacking preparation , not possessing match-fitness and missing key players ( on holiday ) .
lacking preparation , not [having] match-fitness and missing key players ( on holiday ) .

Shares possessing any of the following characteristics :
shares [having] any of the following characteristics :

Seale , 45 , who was arrested after a massive manhunt , yesterday admitted extortion , conspiracy , and possessing weapons .
seale , 45 , who was arrested after a massive manhunt , yesterday admitted extortion , conspiracy , and [having] weapons .

But one police source said last night : ‘ We are now holding the man on another charge , that of possessing stolen goods . ’
but one police source said last night : ‘ we are now holding the man on another charge , that of [having] stolen goods . ’

Extraordinary items are material items possessing a high degree of abnormality which arise from events or transactions that fall outside the ordinary activities of the reporting entity and which are not expected to recur .
extraordinary items are material items [having] a high degree of abnormality which arise from events or transactions that fall outside the ordinary activities of the reporting entity and which are not expected to recur .

They also denied trying to murder three police officers and possessing a rifle with intent to endanger life .
they also denied trying to murder three police officers and [having] a rifle with intent to endanger life .

Eubank was found guilty of possessing drugs with intent to supply .
eubank was found guilty of [having] drugs with intent to supply .

Tobacco and cocaine are harmful but , again , tobacco is almost universally allowed , whereas most readers of The Economist live in countries which may imprison you for possessing cocaine .
tobacco and cocaine are harmful but , again , tobacco is almost universally allowed , whereas most readers of the economist live in countries which may imprison you for [having] cocaine .

There must be another language , dealing with the structure of the first and possessing a new structure about which one can not say anything except in a third language — and so forth .
there must be another language , dealing with the structure of the first and [having] a new structure about which one can not say anything except in a third language — and so forth .

It was a mind unique , too , among British critics of the age in possessing a world-view wholly peculiar to itself .
it was a mind unique , too , among british critics of the age in [having] a world-view wholly peculiar to itself .

With the exception of a few of the non-manual workers , concentrated in the first group , early retirement can not be said to have been chosen from a position of strength — namely , possessing financial security , good health , and the option of continued employment .
with the exception of a few of the non-manual workers , concentrated in the first group , early retirement can not be said to have been chosen from a position of strength — namely , [having] financial security , good health , and the option of continued employment .

Of Sharp , taking his lead from Wilberforce , Prince Hoare wrote ‘ there are few who will not find him to have been one [ a hero ] and who would not exult in possessing among the members of their family such a relative ’ .
of sharp , taking his lead from wilberforce , prince hoare wrote ‘ there are few who will not find him to have been one [ a hero ] and who would not exult in [having] among the members of their family such a relative ’ .

The dogmas of his consubstantiality with the Father and of his possessing two natures in one person , can only mislead us if they are taken as objective , factual descriptions of the constitution of his being .
the dogmas of his consubstantiality with the father and of his [having] two natures in one person , can only mislead us if they are taken as objective , factual descriptions of the constitution of his being .

In this respect , he deviated from the conventional ideas about blacks possessing physical but no mental prowess .
in this respect , he deviated from the conventional ideas about blacks [having] physical but no mental prowess .

Emphasizing the applications and relevance of science : To obtain a major qualitative improvement to recruitment in science with more girls and with students possessing imaginative , flexible minds it would be necessary to make science appealing to boys and girls at the moratorium stage .
emphasizing the applications and relevance of science : to obtain a major qualitative improvement to recruitment in science with more girls and with students [having] imaginative , flexible minds it would be necessary to make science appealing to boys and girls at the moratorium stage .

Each ethnic group is portrayed as homogeneous and possessing a culture that is fixed , static and unrelated to the changing social and economic circumstances of their lives .
each ethnic group is portrayed as homogeneous and [having] a culture that is fixed , static and unrelated to the changing social and economic circumstances of their lives .

In the greatest of the Enlightenment philosophers ( notably Immanuel Kant , 1724–1804 ) the individual is seen as possessing ultimate worth and dignity .
in the greatest of the enlightenment philosophers ( notably immanuel kant , 1724–1804 ) the individual is seen as [having] ultimate worth and dignity .

One man was imprisoned for three years for possessing the gun and one for one year ( suspended for two years ) for stealing a car and having no insurance .
one man was imprisoned for three years for [having] the gun and one for one year ( suspended for two years ) for stealing a car and having no insurance .

Consequently he assumed that tribes possessing the classificatory kinship system , even if now separate and speaking different languages , must once have shared a common origin .
consequently he assumed that tribes [having] the classificatory kinship system , even if now separate and speaking different languages , must once have shared a common origin .

The second and most important divining technique involves an oracular substance ( benge ) which is credited by the Zande with possessing the power of distinguishing between contrary propositions and thus solving human dilemmas .
the second and most important divining technique involves an oracular substance ( benge ) which is credited by the zande with [having] the power of distinguishing between contrary propositions and thus solving human dilemmas .

During treatment , the possessing spirit often communicates its demands by making the patient ‘ speak with tongues ’ .
during treatment , the [having] spirit often communicates its demands by making the patient ‘ speak with tongues ’ .

Their possessing familiars are sharp-tongued vipers which berate the women 's husbands in a fashion that no self-respecting man could tolerate directly from his wife .
their [having] familiars are sharp-tongued vipers which berate the women 's husbands in a fashion that no self-respecting man could tolerate directly from his wife .

But is there anything which can be imagined as existing in isolation and as possessing great value in such a case ? Well , if anything can , it seems to be Moore 's two great goods .
but is there anything which can be imagined as existing in isolation and as [having] great value in such a case ? well , if anything can , it seems to be moore 's two great goods .

( Spinoza did , indeed , conceive of us as possessing a very mysterious kind of immortality as eternal elements in the divine consciousness , but he insists strongly that this has no bearings on how we should conceive the good life . )
( spinoza did , indeed , conceive of us as [having] a very mysterious kind of immortality as eternal elements in the divine consciousness , but he insists strongly that this has no bearings on how we should conceive the good life . )

This moral goodness was not exactly out there as an actual property of the benevolent feelings and actions which presented themselves to an observer as possessing it .
this moral goodness was not exactly out there as an actual property of the benevolent feelings and actions which presented themselves to an observer as [having] it .

Parliament had some regard for the rights of property ; the old Company was allowed to run in competition with the new one for a few years , and of course in India the old Company had advantages in organization , in diplomatic connections , and in possessing established forts and factories .
parliament had some regard for the rights of property ; the old company was allowed to run in competition with the new one for a few years , and of course in india the old company had advantages in organization , in diplomatic connections , and in [having] established forts and factories .

Detainees have often been held for weeks or months without access to defence lawyers before being brought to trial on charges such as rebellion , illegal association and ‘ enemy propaganda ’ ( a charge brought against those accused of producing , distributing or possessing any information regarded as subversive by the authorities ) .
detainees have often been held for weeks or months without access to defence lawyers before being brought to trial on charges such as rebellion , illegal association and ‘ enemy propaganda ’ ( a charge brought against those accused of producing , distributing or [having] any information regarded as subversive by the authorities ) .

Somalia is the only country in Africa possessing a single language , culture , religion and ethnic group .
somalia is the only country in africa [having] a single language , culture , religion and ethnic group .

While possessing females is important to the young males , and is in some sense the whole point of the evolutionary process , it is not necessarily the basic motivating factor [ in intra-male fighting ] .
while [having] females is important to the young males , and is in some sense the whole point of the evolutionary process , it is not necessarily the basic motivating factor [ in intra-male fighting ] .

There are about 30,000 species of fish in the world and some 250 of these are actively venomous , possessing spines and venom glands .
there are about 30,000 species of fish in the world and some 250 of these are actively venomous , [having] spines and venom glands .

Yet the caterpillars of a few species are well protected from predators ; they are highly distasteful , possessing a coat of irritant hairs , while others bear spines and venom .
yet the caterpillars of a few species are well protected from predators ; they are highly distasteful , [having] a coat of irritant hairs , while others bear spines and venom .

With each group possessing its own goals , vision of the war 's purpose and views as to how it should be fought , ‘ Republican ’ unity during the early months of the war was agonizingly difficult to achieve .
with each group [having] its own goals , vision of the war 's purpose and views as to how it should be fought , ‘ republican ’ unity during the early months of the war was agonizingly difficult to achieve .

His successful dealings with Mussolini and Hitler , necessary in order to get his forces across the Straits of Gibraltar to Spain , ensured him a relationship with the Nationalists ' powerful allies such as no other rebel commander came close to possessing .
his successful dealings with mussolini and hitler , necessary in order to get his forces across the straits of gibraltar to spain , ensured him a relationship with the nationalists ' powerful allies such as no other rebel commander came close to [having] .

She recalled her first meeting with Michael Stein , when he had admitted to possessing drugs in the Far East .
she recalled her first meeting with michael stein , when he had admitted to [having] drugs in the far east .

Schmidt 's main interest is in a highly focused peer group norm , which is apparently a linguistically mixed code possessing characteristics both of Dyirbal and of English .
schmidt 's main interest is in a highly focused peer group norm , which is apparently a linguistically mixed code [having] characteristics both of dyirbal and of english .

We are lucky in being helped to envisage these statues by possessing a fine bronze statuette of identical character ( fig .
we are lucky in being helped to envisage these statues by [having] a fine bronze statuette of identical character ( fig .

In other technical areas , despite not personally possessing relevant expertise , judges are fully prepared to determine questions of professional competence .
in other technical areas , despite not personally [having] relevant expertise , judges are fully prepared to determine questions of professional competence .

It was pointed out earlier that one difficulty in using inverted files is the need to deal with all the records possessing a given attribute at the same time , so that a great deal of working space is required in main storage .
it was pointed out earlier that one difficulty in using inverted files is the need to deal with all the records [having] a given attribute at the same time , so that a great deal of working space is required in main storage .

Within these limits , which can not be said in a free society possessing elective legislative institutions to be narrow or constrained , judges , as the remarkable judicial career of Lord Denning himself shows , have a genuine creative role .
within these limits , which can not be said in a free society [having] elective legislative institutions to be narrow or constrained , judges , as the remarkable judicial career of lord denning himself shows , have a genuine creative role .

Or , it may come from possessing the same ethnic origin .
or , it may come from [having] the same ethnic origin .

Only those groups , possessing objectified consciousness , can be said to anchor their thoughts and perceptions by social representations .
only those groups , [having] objectified consciousness , can be said to anchor their thoughts and perceptions by social representations .

However , the branding of opponents as ‘ paranoid ’ and the mockery of their views a possessing the irrationality of The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion does not , in itself , indicate a disengagement from the conspiracy theory of politics .
however , the branding of opponents as ‘ paranoid ’ and the mockery of their views a [having] the irrationality of the protocols of the learned elders of zion does not , in itself , indicate a disengagement from the conspiracy theory of politics .

Advocates of the ‘ social representation ’ school of thought have criticized mainstream attitude research for possessing an individualist bias ( see , Billig , in press ; Jaspars and Fraser , 1983 ; Moscovici , 1963 , 1983 ) .
advocates of the ‘ social representation ’ school of thought have criticized mainstream attitude research for [having] an individualist bias ( see , billig , in press ; jaspars and fraser , 1983 ; moscovici , 1963 , 1983 ) .

The implicit justification , which cites the financial benefits of the nation possessing a monarchy , is a rationalization in this sense .
the implicit justification , which cites the financial benefits of the nation [having] a monarchy , is a rationalization in this sense .

These processes are viewed as essentially positive , but as possessing intrinsic dangers , in as much as either specificity or abstraction may develop in such a manner as to be no longer assimilable by the subject through sublation , in which case they become both alien and oppressive .
these processes are viewed as essentially positive , but as [having] intrinsic dangers , in as much as either specificity or abstraction may develop in such a manner as to be no longer assimilable by the subject through sublation , in which case they become both alien and oppressive .

Our research suggests that , despite their great skills , it is a mistake to treat leaders such as those discussed here as possessing superhuman qualities .
our research suggests that , despite their great skills , it is a mistake to treat leaders such as those discussed here as [having] superhuman qualities .

Such a focused population is continuously open to control , and the population of deviants is potentially knowable ( Reiss and Biderman , 1980:276 ) giving rise to an appreciation of potential violators as possessing unique identities .
such a focused population is continuously open to control , and the population of deviants is potentially knowable ( reiss and biderman , 1980:276 ) giving rise to an appreciation of potential violators as [having] unique identities .

They have enjoyed a higher level of formal education than their older colleagues , some of them possessing degrees in chemistry or biology from universities or polytechnics .
they have enjoyed a higher level of formal education than their older colleagues , some of them [having] degrees in chemistry or biology from universities or polytechnics .

And there is the equally striking landscape of the vanished tin-mining industry : the windowless engine-houses , the monolithic chimney stacks against the skyline , the ruined cottages of an old mining hamlet , and the stony spoil-heaps — a purely nineteenth-century landscape , and perhaps because of its setting , the most appealing of all the industrial landscapes of England , in no way ugly but indeed possessing a profound melancholy beauty ( Plate 92 ) .
and there is the equally striking landscape of the vanished tin-mining industry : the windowless engine-houses , the monolithic chimney stacks against the skyline , the ruined cottages of an old mining hamlet , and the stony spoil-heaps — a purely nineteenth-century landscape , and perhaps because of its setting , the most appealing of all the industrial landscapes of england , in no way ugly but indeed [having] a profound melancholy beauty ( plate 92 ) .

At such times , possessing body heat is fatal , but being warm-blooded also has many advantages .
at such times , [having] body heat is fatal , but being warm-blooded also has many advantages .

If the Net Present Value is positive , this shows that an enterprise borrowing funds at the given interest rate would make a profit after meeting interest payments , or alternatively that an enterprise possessing surplus money capital would make a better return on the funds by carrying out the investment project rather than lending the funds at interest .
if the net present value is positive , this shows that an enterprise borrowing funds at the given interest rate would make a profit after meeting interest payments , or alternatively that an enterprise [having] surplus money capital would make a better return on the funds by carrying out the investment project rather than lending the funds at interest .

Interestingly , the exhibition identifies two paintings in particular as possessing this quality of intimacy : William Nicholson 's and Victor Pasmore 's portraits of their respective in which the intimacy of the marital relationship , it is supposed , finds direct pictorial expression in the paintings themselves .
interestingly , the exhibition identifies two paintings in particular as [having] this quality of intimacy : william nicholson 's and victor pasmore 's portraits of their respective in which the intimacy of the marital relationship , it is supposed , finds direct pictorial expression in the paintings themselves .

In his wide-ranging survey of the cultural history of his native land , De situ Illyriae et civitate Sibenici , he described the Illyrians ( meaning Croats ) as possessing superior intellectual gifts , especially those of Dalmatia .
in his wide-ranging survey of the cultural history of his native land , de situ illyriae et civitate sibenici , he described the illyrians ( meaning croats ) as [having] superior intellectual gifts , especially those of dalmatia .

Ministers in central government , while formally possessing the key decision-making powers , in fact find themselves involved primarily in expounding views and defending policies generated within their departments .
ministers in central government , while formally [having] the key decision-making powers , in fact find themselves involved primarily in expounding views and defending policies generated within their departments .

Many general practitioners seem unaware of the importance for the psychiatrist of possessing this information before the family attends for the first appointment .
many general practitioners seem unaware of the importance for the psychiatrist of [having] this information before the family attends for the first appointment .

There is clearly an advantage in having the initiative linked to the political process at federal level , with the personal backing of the deputy prime minister , and with a director , Jenny Macklin , possessing respected political and analytical skills .
there is clearly an advantage in having the initiative linked to the political process at federal level , with the personal backing of the deputy prime minister , and with a director , jenny macklin , [having] respected political and analytical skills .

Of paramount importance were Paracelsus 's conception of disease as a specific entity , taking up its residence in localised sites and possessing a distinct natural course , and the hypothesis that a specific remedy could be applied to counteract such an intrusion .
of paramount importance were paracelsus 's conception of disease as a specific entity , taking up its residence in localised sites and [having] a distinct natural course , and the hypothesis that a specific remedy could be applied to counteract such an intrusion .

As Minton was fond of saying , ‘ Do n't possess anything , because if you do it will end up possessing you , ’ he himself not surprisingly felt uncomfortable in this Home Beautiful and , never really liking the place , was to move again after only two years .
as minton was fond of saying , ‘ do n't possess anything , because if you do it will end up [having] you , ’ he himself not surprisingly felt uncomfortable in this home beautiful and , never really liking the place , was to move again after only two years .

‘ Does article 5(1) of the [ Brussels ] Convention apply to claims which are made by an association constituted under private law possessing legal personality against one of its members in a matter relating to obligations in regard to the payment of a sum of money and which have their basis in the relationship between the parties by virtue of membership , such relationship arising from the defendant party 's joining the association as a member by virtue of a legal transaction entered into for that purpose ?
‘ does article 5(1) of the [ brussels ] convention apply to claims which are made by an association constituted under private law [having] legal personality against one of its members in a matter relating to obligations in regard to the payment of a sum of money and which have their basis in the relationship between the parties by virtue of membership , such relationship arising from the defendant party 's joining the association as a member by virtue of a legal transaction entered into for that purpose ?

‘ If , in any case not expressly provided for by this Act , a liability to any duty , or any authority or power , not incident to the administration of justice in any court , whose jurisdiction is transferred by this Act to the High Court of Justice , shall have been imposed or conferred by any statute , law , or custom upon the judges or any judge of any of such courts , save as hereinafter mentioned , every judge of the said High Court shall be capable of performing and exercising , and shall be liable to perform and empowered to exercise every such duty , authority , and power , in the same manner as if this Act had not passed , and as if he had been duly appointed the successor of a judge liable to such duty , or possessing such authority or power , before the passing of this Act . …
‘ if , in any case not expressly provided for by this act , a liability to any duty , or any authority or power , not incident to the administration of justice in any court , whose jurisdiction is transferred by this act to the high court of justice , shall have been imposed or conferred by any statute , law , or custom upon the judges or any judge of any of such courts , save as hereinafter mentioned , every judge of the said high court shall be capable of performing and exercising , and shall be liable to perform and empowered to exercise every such duty , authority , and power , in the same manner as if this act had not passed , and as if he had been duly appointed the successor of a judge liable to such duty , or [having] such authority or power , before the passing of this act . …

Besides possessing rust-resistant properties , stainless is a very strong metal and the blade can be of thinner gauge than normal steel while still possessing the same strength .
besides [having] rust-resistant properties , stainless is a very strong metal and the blade can be of thinner gauge than normal steel while still [having] the same strength .

Iron possessing a very low carbon content , which makes it tough and malleable .
iron [having] a very low carbon content , which makes it tough and malleable .

And it was my turn to go wide-eyed , for the leader was a woman , possessing every anatomical aspect of femaleness in glorious Amazonian splendour .
and it was my turn to go wide-eyed , for the leader was a woman , [having] every anatomical aspect of femaleness in glorious amazonian splendour .

These internal barriers must be understood as the natural consequence of attempting to combine together multi-interest groups possessing different power and influence .
these internal barriers must be understood as the natural consequence of attempting to combine together multi-interest groups [having] different power and influence .

She had of course questioned the decision that had left her heiress to Tara , while Fergus , so indisputably a leader , so plainly possessing the natural authority Grainne believed she lacked , was relegated to the command of the Fiana .
she had of course questioned the decision that had left her heiress to tara , while fergus , so indisputably a leader , so plainly [having] the natural authority grainne believed she lacked , was relegated to the command of the fiana .

on a cursory inspection and by the methods in current use , to consist of a number of interdependent sub-systems — the economy , the status system , the polity , the kinship systems and the institutions which have in their special custody the cultivation of cultural values Each of these sub-systems itself comprises a network of organisations which are connected , with varying degrees of affirmation , through a common authority , overlapping personnel , personal relationships , contracts , perceived identities of interest , a sense of affinity within a transcendent whole and a territorial location possessing a symbolic value .
on a cursory inspection and by the methods in current use , to consist of a number of interdependent sub-systems — the economy , the status system , the polity , the kinship systems and the institutions which have in their special custody the cultivation of cultural values each of these sub-systems itself comprises a network of organisations which are connected , with varying degrees of affirmation , through a common authority , overlapping personnel , personal relationships , contracts , perceived identities of interest , a sense of affinity within a transcendent whole and a territorial location [having] a symbolic value .

In sheer bulk of biomass , organisms without brains or even without central nervous systems far outnumber those possessing these desirable features .
in sheer bulk of biomass , organisms without brains or even without central nervous systems far outnumber those [having] these desirable features .

Nerve cells , neurons , resemble all other types of cells in possessing such a resting membrane potential .
nerve cells , neurons , resemble all other types of cells in [having] such a resting membrane potential .

Channichthyid fish of antarctic waters , for example the icefish Champsocephalus aceratus , are unusual in possessing only a few erythrocytes ( red blood corpuscles ) as larvae and none as adults ; related species have much reduced erythrocyte counts throughout life .
channichthyid fish of antarctic waters , for example the icefish champsocephalus aceratus , are unusual in [having] only a few erythrocytes ( red blood corpuscles ) as larvae and none as adults ; related species have much reduced erythrocyte counts throughout life .

He was not only an outstanding golfer , but was one of those rare breed of men possessing the gift of total empathy with all who came into contact with him .
he was not only an outstanding golfer , but was one of those rare breed of men [having] the gift of total empathy with all who came into contact with him .

One thing High-Force is , though , is a perfectly viable proposition for anyone possessing a couple of thick steamers , a fullface helmet , a padded out Topolino , a good buoyancy aid and the ability to maintain an upright position , holding the boat at the correct angle over the third drop .
one thing high-force is , though , is a perfectly viable proposition for anyone [having] a couple of thick steamers , a fullface helmet , a padded out topolino , a good buoyancy aid and the ability to maintain an upright position , holding the boat at the correct angle over the third drop .

Mike was charged with possessing and selling heroin , and she was later sentenced as an accessory to the crime .
mike was charged with [having] and selling heroin , and she was later sentenced as an accessory to the crime .

On the one hand are employers ' most important workers , possessing most of the central skills on which the organization depends ; on the other are auxiliary workers with fewer specific skills and less security of tenure in their jobs , the latter including most of the women workers .
on the one hand are employers ' most important workers , [having] most of the central skills on which the organization depends ; on the other are auxiliary workers with fewer specific skills and less security of tenure in their jobs , the latter including most of the women workers .

In more recent times the potential of bilingual education not only for a social elite as was traditionally the case but also for the disadvantaged and/or those already possessing a degree of bilingualism from pre-school experience has been much discussed and researched .
in more recent times the potential of bilingual education not only for a social elite as was traditionally the case but also for the disadvantaged and/or those already [having] a degree of bilingualism from pre-school experience has been much discussed and researched .

‘ He denies ever reading or possessing such letters .
‘ he denies ever reading or [having] such letters .

‘ Why do you suppose Mr Griffith might deny possessing the letters , Mr Fairfax ? ’
‘ why do you suppose mr griffith might deny [having] the letters , mr fairfax ? ’

Similarly , professional groups possessing key skills can often rely on employers ' dependence upon them .
similarly , professional groups [having] key skills can often rely on employers ' dependence upon them .

It viewed management , on the one hand , and workers organised and represented by trade unions , on the other , as both possessing roughly comparable resources of power .
it viewed management , on the one hand , and workers organised and represented by trade unions , on the other , as both [having] roughly comparable resources of power .

’ Like so many Victorians he looked the part , his face possessing an authority worthy of a minor prophet .
’ like so many victorians he looked the part , his face [having] an authority worthy of a minor prophet .

John Bridge was described as ‘ mild and affable in his deportment , possessing great equality of temper , and a very engaging suavity of manners ’ .
john bridge was described as ‘ mild and affable in his deportment , [having] great equality of temper , and a very engaging suavity of manners ’ .

’ He compiled the first useful tables of travel times of seismic phases and used them to show that wave speeds increase smoothly with depth , up to a point where they suffer a sharp decrease , which he identified with the boundary of a central core ‘ possessing radically different physical properties ’ , though he did not conclude that the core was liquid .
’ he compiled the first useful tables of travel times of seismic phases and used them to show that wave speeds increase smoothly with depth , up to a point where they suffer a sharp decrease , which he identified with the boundary of a central core ‘ [having] radically different physical properties ’ , though he did not conclude that the core was liquid .

These are the use of words or behaviour , or the display of inflammatory written material , the publication or distribution of racially inflammatory written material publicly performing a play containing inflammatory material , distributing , playing or showing a recording containing such material , broadcasting or including inflammatory material in a cable programme service and possessing it with a view to publishing or distributing it .
these are the use of words or behaviour , or the display of inflammatory written material , the publication or distribution of racially inflammatory written material publicly performing a play containing inflammatory material , distributing , playing or showing a recording containing such material , broadcasting or including inflammatory material in a cable programme service and [having] it with a view to publishing or distributing it .

The offence of possessing racially inflammatory material is new .
the offence of [having] racially inflammatory material is new .

Difficulties arise when individuals are asked to develop , qualities which they do not possess or which they have previously dismissed as irrelevant or not worth possessing .
difficulties arise when individuals are asked to develop , qualities which they do not possess or which they have previously dismissed as irrelevant or not worth [having] .

We are all familiar with the cliche ‘ Leaders are born and not made ’ , and whether this is true or not it does suggest to us that leadership is dependent upon an individual possessing certain characteristics .
we are all familiar with the cliche ‘ leaders are born and not made ’ , and whether this is true or not it does suggest to us that leadership is dependent upon an individual [having] certain characteristics .

Students possessing one but not both characteristics are also welcomed onto the Course .
students [having] one but not both characteristics are also welcomed onto the course .

The Polytechnic Diploma in Advanced Study has proved an extremely valuable opportunity for certain types of applicant , frequently already possessing a first degree .
the polytechnic diploma in advanced study has proved an extremely valuable opportunity for certain types of applicant , frequently already [having] a first degree .

This could be the result of a tendency for the larger bodies in the final stages of accretion to lie in the orbital plane of the Moon , with the Moon already possessing an axial inclination similar to that of today .
this could be the result of a tendency for the larger bodies in the final stages of accretion to lie in the orbital plane of the moon , with the moon already [having] an axial inclination similar to that of today .

For all his socialist language he was really an old style Tory Radical , despising the ‘ system ’ yet not possessing a clear vision of what would replace it .
for all his socialist language he was really an old style tory radical , despising the ‘ system ’ yet not [having] a clear vision of what would replace it .

Pavements possessing various arrangements of interlaced squares , however , do show general similarities of motif , and share particular structural characteristics , such as are indicative of a substantial relationship .
pavements [having] various arrangements of interlaced squares , however , do show general similarities of motif , and share particular structural characteristics , such as are indicative of a substantial relationship .

With relieved swastika meanders however , some examples of affinity with comparable mosaics from sites possessing Orpheus pavements is apparent .
with relieved swastika meanders however , some examples of affinity with comparable mosaics from sites [having] orpheus pavements is apparent .

Secondly , is a group of predominantly geometric pavements possessing linear , banded arrangements , little ( if any ) figural detail , !
secondly , is a group of predominantly geometric pavements [having] linear , banded arrangements , little ( if any ) figural detail , !

He knelt over her for a moment , tough and handsome in the candlelight , his eyes triumphant with the knowledge of desire on the verge of fulfilment , possessing her as only he could , then he was bending , lifting her into his arms , carrying her across the room , and she felt the sudden chill as the door opened and , wedging it awkwardly with his foot , he bundled her through it .
he knelt over her for a moment , tough and handsome in the candlelight , his eyes triumphant with the knowledge of desire on the verge of fulfilment , [having] her as only he could , then he was bending , lifting her into his arms , carrying her across the room , and she felt the sudden chill as the door opened and , wedging it awkwardly with his foot , he bundled her through it .

The railway companies , with their pyramid of uniformed and disciplined workers , possessing job security , often promotion by seniority and even pensions , are an extreme example .
the railway companies , with their pyramid of uniformed and disciplined workers , [having] job security , often promotion by seniority and even pensions , are an extreme example .

Friends of the Earth has launched a toxic waste campaign by naming those companies possessing permits to discharge large quantities of toxic metals down sewers .
friends of the earth has launched a toxic waste campaign by naming those companies [having] permits to discharge large quantities of toxic metals down sewers .

The article defines literature in opposition to other language uses as `` a body of symbolic objects expressed in human language , possessing textual qualities of a non-institutional , homiletical kind `` ( p. 138 ) .
the article defines literature in opposition to other language uses as `` a body of symbolic objects expressed in human language , [having] textual qualities of a non-institutional , homiletical kind `` ( p. 138 ) .

Some return to the surface with scars on their snouts which suggest that they have been battling with creatures possessing suckers 13 centimetres across , and squid beaks even bigger than that of the Norwegian giant have been found in their stomachs .
some return to the surface with scars on their snouts which suggest that they have been battling with creatures [having] suckers 13 centimetres across , and squid beaks even bigger than that of the norwegian giant have been found in their stomachs .

The branches of the hierarchical tree hide this secret organisation with its inner clan of unknown lieutenants possessing mythical powers .
the branches of the hierarchical tree hide this secret organisation with its inner clan of unknown lieutenants [having] mythical powers .

Teachers of this persuasion wished to accept for admission to higher education , and to English studies , only those students possessing a sufficiently high level of `` qualitative literacy `` and sufficiently hard-working and disciplined as well as competitively motivated to `` benefit `` from university education .
teachers of this persuasion wished to accept for admission to higher education , and to english studies , only those students [having] a sufficiently high level of `` qualitative literacy `` and sufficiently hard-working and disciplined as well as competitively motivated to `` benefit `` from university education .

They represented the only equivalent of our modern banking system and those possessing medicinal springs of great renown accumulated wealth and acquired lands by dedication and purchase .
they represented the only equivalent of our modern banking system and those [having] medicinal springs of great renown accumulated wealth and acquired lands by dedication and purchase .

Now the person possessing the goods after the time limit , even if he holds the goods in bad faith , may call himself the rightful owner , while the original owner promptly loses all rights .
now the person [having] the goods after the time limit , even if he holds the goods in bad faith , may call himself the rightful owner , while the original owner promptly loses all rights .

The traditional entrepreneur is often a person possessing charisma .
the traditional entrepreneur is often a person [having] charisma .

Numerous reasons possessing varying degrees of persuasiveness are advanced .
numerous reasons [having] varying degrees of persuasiveness are advanced .

Those who place the company second to private or domestic interests are often accused of possessing little ambition and become an object of contempt .
those who place the company second to private or domestic interests are often accused of [having] little ambition and become an object of contempt .

In a classic experiment , Bransford and Johnson ( 1972 ) showed the vital importance not only of possessing prior knowledge , but of activating it , if learning is to take place .
in a classic experiment , bransford and johnson ( 1972 ) showed the vital importance not only of [having] prior knowledge , but of activating it , if learning is to take place .

Among the Panorpoid orders ( Tillyard , 1918a ) the coupling depends on modifications of the bases of the wings , the fore wing possessing on its posterior margin a small jugal lobe while the anterior margin of the hind wing is produced into a small humeral lobe .
among the panorpoid orders ( tillyard , 1918a ) the coupling depends on modifications of the bases of the wings , the fore wing [having] on its posterior margin a small jugal lobe while the anterior margin of the hind wing is produced into a small humeral lobe .

Managers determine staff numbers required possessing additional skills fur the unit .
managers determine staff numbers required [having] additional skills fur the unit .

Soviet forces were present in the Kuril islands and south Sakhalin in addition to possessing a major base at Vladivostok .
soviet forces were present in the kuril islands and south sakhalin in addition to [having] a major base at vladivostok .

Policy requirements should be met through the development of a constabulary possessing rifles , machine guns and other equipment .
policy requirements should be met through the development of a constabulary [having] rifles , machine guns and other equipment .

Since British research in the 1 980s has consistently found that the use of cannabis , amphetamines , psychedelics and inhalants is much more prevalent than the use of opioids ( see Chapter 8 ) , the present findings imply that users of the former drugs are far less likely than opioid users to develop ‘ officially recognised ’ problems ( with the exception of legal problems , for example being prosecuted for possessing drugs ) .
since british research in the 1 980s has consistently found that the use of cannabis , amphetamines , psychedelics and inhalants is much more prevalent than the use of opioids ( see chapter 8 ) , the present findings imply that users of the former drugs are far less likely than opioid users to develop ‘ officially recognised ’ problems ( with the exception of legal problems , for example being prosecuted for [having] drugs ) .

One might , thus , fantasise the death of someone seen as a threat , or imagine oneself as possessing enormous fame or wealth .
one might , thus , fantasise the death of someone seen as a threat , or imagine oneself as [having] enormous fame or wealth .

’ English winemakers are always having to put up with this kind of jibe , despite possessing a viticultural heritage which dates back to the Romans .
’ english winemakers are always having to put up with this kind of jibe , despite [having] a viticultural heritage which dates back to the romans .

Adult women can attain the aim of possessing a penis through giving birth — a child is a substitute for a penis , also confused with faeces .
adult women can attain the aim of [having] a penis through giving birth — a child is a substitute for a penis , also confused with faeces .

Each individual renounced his ideal of acquiring his father 's position for himself and of possessing his mother and sisters .
each individual renounced his ideal of acquiring his father 's position for himself and of [having] his mother and sisters .

Bourgois pleaded guilty to falsely imprisoning Miss Lamplugh and possessing an offensive weapon .
bourgois pleaded guilty to falsely imprisoning miss lamplugh and [having] an offensive weapon .

Alice Walker Possessing the Secret of Joy ( Vintage )
alice walker [having] the secret of joy ( vintage )

David Lewin , 40 , of High Street , Earls Colne , is charged with possessing a single-barrelled shotgun without a licence on February 25 this year .
david lewin , 40 , of high street , earls colne , is charged with [having] a single-barrelled shotgun without a licence on february 25 this year .

Howard Raybould , a wizard with wood , makes free-standing carved pieces of bowls of fruit and wreathes mirror frames with ribbons and garlands possessing the baroque virtuosity of a latter-day Grinling Gibbons , while Robert Jones , a Cornish painter , produces still lifes as nourishing to the spirit as the stomach .
howard raybould , a wizard with wood , makes free-standing carved pieces of bowls of fruit and wreathes mirror frames with ribbons and garlands [having] the baroque virtuosity of a latter-day grinling gibbons , while robert jones , a cornish painter , produces still lifes as nourishing to the spirit as the stomach .

Keith Mulgrave , of Blaxhall Court , Haverhill , is accused of possessing an axe and his brother is charged with having a knife .
keith mulgrave , of blaxhall court , haverhill , is accused of [having] an axe and his brother is charged with having a knife .

Last night police said two men had been charged with causing grievous bodily harm and one had also been charged with possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life .
last night police said two men had been charged with causing grievous bodily harm and one had also been charged with [having] a firearm with intent to endanger life .

Gary Howard , 20 , and Lee Brigden , 21 , both from Barking , are accused of committing grievous bodily harm , threatening unlawful violence and possessing an offensive weapon , namely a golf club .
gary howard , 20 , and lee brigden , 21 , both from barking , are accused of committing grievous bodily harm , threatening unlawful violence and [having] an offensive weapon , namely a golf club .

More than six years ago Bank of Ireland advertised for school leavers with a high level of secondary education who were intelligent , energetic , ambitious and possessing of a high level of social skills .
more than six years ago bank of ireland advertised for school leavers with a high level of secondary education who were intelligent , energetic , ambitious and [having] of a high level of social skills .

This was not universal — some tenants held land by custom alone , without possessing a copy of the court roll entry , and they were generally more vulnerable to pressure from their lords , as legal protection was gradually extended to copyhold tenants by the courts both of common law and of equitable jurisdiction during the fifteenth century .
this was not universal — some tenants held land by custom alone , without [having] a copy of the court roll entry , and they were generally more vulnerable to pressure from their lords , as legal protection was gradually extended to copyhold tenants by the courts both of common law and of equitable jurisdiction during the fifteenth century .

Roles are allocated to users by a user possessing the ‘ Project Administrator ’ privilege .
roles are allocated to users by a user [having] the ‘ project administrator ’ privilege .

With the court finely balanced between liberals and conservatives ( the latter possessing a slight but unreliable majority ) the appointment was considered to be of crucial importance as it offered an opportunity to shift the balance decisively to the right .
with the court finely balanced between liberals and conservatives ( the latter [having] a slight but unreliable majority ) the appointment was considered to be of crucial importance as it offered an opportunity to shift the balance decisively to the right .

The legislative field is divided between the Union and the states , the former possessing exclusive powers to make laws with respect to matters grouped under 97 headings in the Constitution including foreign affairs , defence , citizenship and trade with other countries .
the legislative field is divided between the union and the states , the former [having] exclusive powers to make laws with respect to matters grouped under 97 headings in the constitution including foreign affairs , defence , citizenship and trade with other countries .

Provided , furthermore , that peasants were not reduced to possessing less than one-third of the maximum allotments , landlords were entitled to at least one-third of any land under discussion .
provided , furthermore , that peasants were not reduced to [having] less than one-third of the maximum allotments , landlords were entitled to at least one-third of any land under discussion .

Similar exhibits shown in France in 1506 were `` sooty in colour , black haired , possessing speech but no religion `` .
similar exhibits shown in france in 1506 were `` sooty in colour , black haired , [having] speech but no religion `` .

In essence the two approaches diverge around theories of the person , with Reform Islam stressing the autonomy of the individual and his direct access to God , as against popular Islam and South Asian Sufism which tolerate a wide range of ritual customs , accommodate to wordly hierarchies of ranking and power , and are based on notions of mediation with God by Saints possessing divine secret knowledge and intercessionary powers .
in essence the two approaches diverge around theories of the person , with reform islam stressing the autonomy of the individual and his direct access to god , as against popular islam and south asian sufism which tolerate a wide range of ritual customs , accommodate to wordly hierarchies of ranking and power , and are based on notions of mediation with god by saints [having] divine secret knowledge and intercessionary powers .

They have also pleaded not guilty to causing the explosion and possessing explosives with intent to endanger life .
they have also pleaded not guilty to causing the explosion and [having] explosives with intent to endanger life .

McCaulay admitted handling stolen goods and taking a pair of jeans valued £37 while O'Donovan pleaded guilty to stealing £300 worth of clothing and an unrelated charge of possessing a quantity of cannabis resin .
mccaulay admitted handling stolen goods and taking a pair of jeans valued £37 while o'donovan pleaded guilty to stealing £300 worth of clothing and an unrelated charge of [having] a quantity of cannabis resin .

If we look at the whole population of beavers , those that possess the mutated gene will , on average , tend therefore to rear more offspring than those not possessing the mutated gene .
if we look at the whole population of beavers , those that possess the mutated gene will , on average , tend therefore to rear more offspring than those not [having] the mutated gene .

She 'd never have suspected the Viking of possessing culinary skills .
she 'd never have suspected the viking of [having] culinary skills .

Rune was made of sterner stuff , possessing an iron will and sense of purpose and duty that in comparison left Marcus 's attitude to life looking lightweight and immature .
rune was made of sterner stuff , [having] an iron will and sense of purpose and duty that in comparison left marcus 's attitude to life looking lightweight and immature .

Covering her with his own body , he abolished all remnants of coherent thought as he parted her lips with his own , possessing her mouth with a mixture of passion and tenderness .
covering her with his own body , he abolished all remnants of coherent thought as he parted her lips with his own , [having] her mouth with a mixture of passion and tenderness .

She would have said it a third , even a fourth time , but he sealed her mouth with his own , possessing its sweetness with a plunderer 's purpose .
she would have said it a third , even a fourth time , but he sealed her mouth with his own , [having] its sweetness with a plunderer 's purpose .

The multi-millionaire Greek playboy , who spent three months in a British jail for possessing cocaine , wrote in the New York Observer : ‘ It is not hard to guess what the secret is . ’
the multi-millionaire greek playboy , who spent three months in a british jail for [having] cocaine , wrote in the new york observer : ‘ it is not hard to guess what the secret is . ’

And the Greek playboy , who spent three months in a British jail for possessing cocaine , wrote in the upmarket New York Observer : ‘ It is not hard to guess what the secret is . ’
and the greek playboy , who spent three months in a british jail for [having] cocaine , wrote in the upmarket new york observer : ‘ it is not hard to guess what the secret is . ’

Chains possessing groups which encourage strong intermolecular attraction thereby stabilizing the alignment .
chains [having] groups which encourage strong intermolecular attraction thereby stabilizing the alignment .

This feature is called the Markov property and a sequence of observations possessing this property is called a Markov chain .
this feature is called the markov property and a sequence of observations [having] this property is called a markov chain .

Iraq was for some years generally regarded as possessing air superiority , although this was not translated into any particular battlefield advantage .
iraq was for some years generally regarded as [having] air superiority , although this was not translated into any particular battlefield advantage .

The Monkeys ' Dream is the tale of four young Talapoin monkeys in the Zoo — Pip , Ambrose , Coral and Tulip — who dream of the ancient tropical rainforests and also have their own visions of possessing beauty , wealth , strength and knowledge .
the monkeys ' dream is the tale of four young talapoin monkeys in the zoo — pip , ambrose , coral and tulip — who dream of the ancient tropical rainforests and also have their own visions of [having] beauty , wealth , strength and knowledge .

The monkeys , although as close to observation as a personal interpretation would allow , are not fallible primates but symbols of the idealism of youth , full of aspirations , possessing the freedom to act upon ambition — freedom from responsibility and captivity .
the monkeys , although as close to observation as a personal interpretation would allow , are not fallible primates but symbols of the idealism of youth , full of aspirations , [having] the freedom to act upon ambition — freedom from responsibility and captivity .

The pulpit and gallery are beautifully sculptured ; the columns are supported on infedels and lions — the latter devouring their prey and possessing a sad but demoniac appearance .
the pulpit and gallery are beautifully sculptured ; the columns are supported on infedels and lions — the latter devouring their prey and [having] a sad but demoniac appearance .

On the other hand , this class does concentrate on possessing minimal amounts of equipment and having ‘ respectable ’ neighbours .
on the other hand , this class does concentrate on [having] minimal amounts of equipment and having ‘ respectable ’ neighbours .

Words possessing more than one meaning or usage must be allocated multiple entries within the lexicon .
words [having] more than one meaning or usage must be allocated multiple entries within the lexicon .

It was wonderful to be so close to him again , to feel no barriers between them , and he wasted little time before possessing her with such quick , hot urgency that she was left behind .
it was wonderful to be so close to him again , to feel no barriers between them , and he wasted little time before [having] her with such quick , hot urgency that she was left behind .

That Act also places the onus on the knife carrier to show that he had good reason for possessing it in public .
that act also places the onus on the knife carrier to show that he had good reason for [having] it in public .

Then his hands were pushing aside her robe , exploring , possessing her breasts .
then his hands were pushing aside her robe , exploring , [having] her breasts .

They clung magnetically to her fingertips , and for a moment she stared at them , a strong urge to preserve this memento possessing her .
they clung magnetically to her fingertips , and for a moment she stared at them , a strong urge to preserve this memento [having] her .

Indeed , a mistrust about historical periods possessing commonplaces other than those selected and organised by critical inquiry undertaken for specific , if frequently unconscious , ideological ends is now the familiar assumption .
indeed , a mistrust about historical periods [having] commonplaces other than those selected and organised by critical inquiry undertaken for specific , if frequently unconscious , ideological ends is now the familiar assumption .

This was n't his first encounter with Stephen 's rival and he knew the woman seated on the other side of the high table was a formidable opponent , probably more dangerous than the King , and possessing in full measure the strong will and harsh determination that had characterised her father and grandfather .
this was n't his first encounter with stephen 's rival and he knew the woman seated on the other side of the high table was a formidable opponent , probably more dangerous than the king , and [having] in full measure the strong will and harsh determination that had characterised her father and grandfather .

a number of individuals ( persons or things ) possessing a common attribute and grouped together under a general or class ' name ; a kind .
a number of individuals ( persons or things ) [having] a common attribute and grouped together under a general or class ' name ; a kind .

To say , however , that every society has a political system is not to assert that every society has a ‘ state ’ , in the sense of possessing a quite distinct and separate political apparatus .
to say , however , that every society has a political system is not to assert that every society has a ‘ state ’ , in the sense of [having] a quite distinct and separate political apparatus .

His mouth prevented her from replying , violently possessing her lips while his hands roughly sought to drag off her bodice completely .
his mouth prevented her from replying , violently [having] her lips while his hands roughly sought to drag off her bodice completely .

He tried again , tenderly possessing her mouth , teasing , tormenting .
he tried again , tenderly [having] her mouth , teasing , tormenting .

The properties of black holes possessing some angular momentum are discussed briefly in Section 9.2 .
the properties of black holes [having] some angular momentum are discussed briefly in section 9.2 .

The first two are necessarily variables , in that their meaning depends on the time and circumstance in which they are used ; ‘ style ’ , however , can be defined as possessing a constant and specific property .
the first two are necessarily variables , in that their meaning depends on the time and circumstance in which they are used ; ‘ style ’ , however , can be defined as [having] a constant and specific property .

We talked of Partition and the how the old princess had thrown the last family heirlooms — a series of beautiful inlaid jade daggers down the haveli well , in case the police arrested them for possessing offensive weapons .
we talked of partition and the how the old princess had thrown the last family heirlooms — a series of beautiful inlaid jade daggers down the haveli well , in case the police arrested them for [having] offensive weapons .

He had the considerable advantage of possessing the imperial insignia and he began to style himself `` Rex Romanorum et semper Augustus `` — the imperial designation .
he had the considerable advantage of [having] the imperial insignia and he began to style himself `` rex romanorum et semper augustus `` — the imperial designation .

The former President , Lt.-Gen. ( retd ) Hussain Mohammad Ershad , was sentenced in Dhaka to 10 years ' `` rigorous imprisonment `` on June 12 after being found guilty by a special tribunal of illegally possessing firearms .
the former president , lt.-gen. ( retd ) hussain mohammad ershad , was sentenced in dhaka to 10 years ' `` rigorous imprisonment `` on june 12 after being found guilty by a special tribunal of illegally [having] firearms .

The legislative field is divided between the Union and the states , the former possessing exclusive powers to make laws with respect to matters grouped under 97 headings in the Constitution including foreign affairs , defence , citizenship and trade with other countries .
the legislative field is divided between the union and the states , the former [having] exclusive powers to make laws with respect to matters grouped under 97 headings in the constitution including foreign affairs , defence , citizenship and trade with other countries .

The four were accused of membership of the banned Shabab al-Nafeer al-Islami ( Islamic Vanguard Youth ) and of possessing weapons . Their trial opened in Amman on Sept. 29
the four were accused of membership of the banned shabab al-nafeer al-islami ( islamic vanguard youth ) and of [having] weapons . their trial opened in amman on sept. 29

On Nov. 10 Laith Shbeilat and Yaqoub Qarrash , both members of the House of Representatives , were sentenced to 20 years ' imprisonment with hard labour after being found guilty by the State Security Court of membership of the banned Shabab al-Nafeer al-Islami ( Islamic Vanguard Youth ) and of possessing illegal weapons [ see pp .
on nov. 10 laith shbeilat and yaqoub qarrash , both members of the house of representatives , were sentenced to 20 years ' imprisonment with hard labour after being found guilty by the state security court of membership of the banned shabab al-nafeer al-islami ( islamic vanguard youth ) and of [having] illegal weapons [ see pp .

3 Possessing land
3 [having] land

This may be invention , for the propaganda value of possessing a saint courted thus by a king renowned for his piety is obvious ; but if not , and taken together with the Encomiast 's statement that Cnut visited St Omer while on pilgrimage to Rome , a journey in which he embarked from somewhere near Canterbury ( maybe Sandwich ) and sailed to Flanders seems a distinct possibility .
this may be invention , for the propaganda value of [having] a saint courted thus by a king renowned for his piety is obvious ; but if not , and taken together with the encomiast 's statement that cnut visited st omer while on pilgrimage to rome , a journey in which he embarked from somewhere near canterbury ( maybe sandwich ) and sailed to flanders seems a distinct possibility .

He may have been unusual , but that would lie in the range of his talents rather than in possessing any individual one of them .
he may have been unusual , but that would lie in the range of his talents rather than in [having] any individual one of them .

This obviously produces an impression which is quite similar to the more dominant `` be aware `` sense — that of the subject as possessing knowledge — the only difference being that the perfective explicitly evokes this knowledge as the result of the operation of obtaining it .
this obviously produces an impression which is quite similar to the more dominant `` be aware `` sense — that of the subject as [having] knowledge — the only difference being that the perfective explicitly evokes this knowledge as the result of the operation of obtaining it .

Such rotations are commonly described in terms of a potential energy function possessing a number of minima ( Figure 1.4 ) .
such rotations are commonly described in terms of a potential energy function [having] a number of minima ( figure 1.4 ) .

stated that at present the Institute could accept others as members , provided they were agreed by National Council , as in the case of certain overseas embalmers possessing acceptable certificates and proof of experience .
stated that at present the institute could accept others as members , provided they were agreed by national council , as in the case of certain overseas embalmers [having] acceptable certificates and proof of experience .

It might be anticipated that tumour cells possessing a mutant p53 and a mutant K-ras allele would have a growth advantage and be selected for during in vivo tumorigenesis .
it might be anticipated that tumour cells [having] a mutant p53 and a mutant k-ras allele would have a growth advantage and be selected for during in vivo tumorigenesis .

But he denied possessing the vegetable and the iron bar as imitation firearms .
but he denied [having] the vegetable and the iron bar as imitation firearms .

Either quite normal people , like the neighbours next door , are transported into extraordinary circumstances , or a routine everyday humanoid way of life is invaded by strange creatures possessing extraordinary powers .
either quite normal people , like the neighbours next door , are transported into extraordinary circumstances , or a routine everyday humanoid way of life is invaded by strange creatures [having] extraordinary powers .

Hence , the horse may spend the day avoiding mature people , and then find to its surprise that it has been caught by a child-foal that it had not perceived as possessing such ability .
hence , the horse may spend the day avoiding mature people , and then find to its surprise that it has been caught by a child-foal that it had not perceived as [having] such ability .

Luckily Thoth , possessing more compassion than he 'd dared hope , soothed him through the transitional period .
luckily thoth , [having] more compassion than he 'd dared hope , soothed him through the transitional period .

Canning is also separately charged with causing an explosion in Bridle Lane , Soho , on April 6 and possessing a revolver with intent to resist arrest .
canning is also separately charged with causing an explosion in bridle lane , soho , on april 6 and [having] a revolver with intent to resist arrest .

In January 1987 he was sentenced to five years and nine months ' imprisonment at Belfast Crown Court for possessing firearms in suspicious circumstances and for possessing petrol bombs .
in january 1987 he was sentenced to five years and nine months ' imprisonment at belfast crown court for [having] firearms in suspicious circumstances and for [having] petrol bombs .

Possessing the two biggest computer-reservations systems in the world does no harm either .
[having] the two biggest computer-reservations systems in the world does no harm either .

Ms Mitchell was jailed for three years on Wednesday at Cambridge crown court for possessing and supplying cocaine .
ms mitchell was jailed for three years on wednesday at cambridge crown court for [having] and supplying cocaine .

They are polygamous , each male possessing any number of females .
they are polygamous , each male [having] any number of females .

Their forebears may well have relied heavily upon scurvy grass ( Cochlearia officinalis ) in some areas referred to as , ‘ a sailor ’ or ‘ mariner ’ , and in other areas called , ‘ the thing for scurvy ’ , or more explicitly , possessing antiscorbutic properties .
their forebears may well have relied heavily upon scurvy grass ( cochlearia officinalis ) in some areas referred to as , ‘ a sailor ’ or ‘ mariner ’ , and in other areas called , ‘ the thing for scurvy ’ , or more explicitly , [having] antiscorbutic properties .

We were , however , not encouraged to fraternise , as our Establishment considered that the Yanks , being naïvely and pressingly inquisitive , and perhaps not possessing an inherited sense of the paramount importance of secrecy in wartime , might prove a security risk .
we were , however , not encouraged to fraternise , as our establishment considered that the yanks , being naïvely and pressingly inquisitive , and perhaps not [having] an inherited sense of the paramount importance of secrecy in wartime , might prove a security risk .

Australia , after all , shares the problems of other tropical countries — possessing both tropical forest and semi-arid bush .
australia , after all , shares the problems of other tropical countries — [having] both tropical forest and semi-arid bush .

Thought forms , at first perhaps pictorial and in modern man very largely linguistic , set up a re-presentational environment possessing a dynamic stability that is distinct but not separable from the biological organization that maintains it .
thought forms , at first perhaps pictorial and in modern man very largely linguistic , set up a re-presentational environment [having] a dynamic stability that is distinct but not separable from the biological organization that maintains it .

We discuss the idea of goodness in the next chapter , but what we can note here is that these characteristics have traditionally been regarded as examples of the way of eminence — of God possessing perfectly what we possess imperfectly .
we discuss the idea of goodness in the next chapter , but what we can note here is that these characteristics have traditionally been regarded as examples of the way of eminence — of god [having] perfectly what we possess imperfectly .

They naturally , therefore , think of God as possessing what they value most in themselves .
they naturally , therefore , think of god as [having] what they value most in themselves .

The crews are mostly ‘ medical assistants , ’ which means possessing more than just a knowledge of first aid .
the crews are mostly ‘ medical assistants , ’ which means [having] more than just a knowledge of first aid .

What advantage do we gain by possessing a body clock ?
what advantage do we gain by [having] a body clock ?

Of course , possessing a wardrobe of perfumes can seem an expensive indulgence — but because scent stirs the senses so effectively , it is worth every penny , beaming us back , quicker than you can say ‘ Tardis ’ , to happy memories of holidays and favourite people .
of course , [having] a wardrobe of perfumes can seem an expensive indulgence — but because scent stirs the senses so effectively , it is worth every penny , beaming us back , quicker than you can say ‘ tardis ’ , to happy memories of holidays and favourite people .

With evidence drawn from his field-work in Great Britain , Fielding showed how some constables place primacy upon providing counselling assistance , displaying forbearance in their dealings with the public , and in possessing the communication skills to process the encounter with the public smoothly and to enlist the support of members of the public .
with evidence drawn from his field-work in great britain , fielding showed how some constables place primacy upon providing counselling assistance , displaying forbearance in their dealings with the public , and in [having] the communication skills to process the encounter with the public smoothly and to enlist the support of members of the public .

The muscles behave like rubber bands , possessing more potential energy when they are stretched than when they are lax .
the muscles behave like rubber bands , [having] more potential energy when they are stretched than when they are lax .

The State recognises the Family as the natural primary and fundamental unit group of Society and as a moral institution possessing inalienable and imprescriptible rights , antecedent and superior to all positive law …
the state recognises the family as the natural primary and fundamental unit group of society and as a moral institution [having] inalienable and imprescriptible rights , antecedent and superior to all positive law …

But even the new bill limited adoption to parents possessing the same religious identity as the child .
but even the new bill limited adoption to parents [having] the same religious identity as the child .

Mohamed Abbad was sentenced to 15 years ' imprisonment on charges including conspiracy to overthrow the government and possessing leaflets aimed at disturbing internal security .
mohamed abbad was sentenced to 15 years ' imprisonment on charges including conspiracy to overthrow the government and [having] leaflets aimed at disturbing internal security .

In order to arrive at possessing all ,
in order to arrive at [having] all ,

Laming , who was convicted during his trial of conspiring with Black to supply cocaine , was also sentenced to nine years to run concurrently for possessing 501 grams of cocaine .
laming , who was convicted during his trial of conspiring with black to supply cocaine , was also sentenced to nine years to run concurrently for [having] 501 grams of cocaine .

Black had admitted conspiring to import , produce , and supply cocaine , and to possessing 30 kilogrammes of the drug with a street value of £5 million .
black had admitted conspiring to import , produce , and supply cocaine , and to [having] 30 kilogrammes of the drug with a street value of £5 million .

Finn senior was convicted of criminal damage , wounding and possessing an offensive weapon .
finn senior was convicted of criminal damage , wounding and [having] an offensive weapon .

The boy was going to the boxroom and was clearly excited at possessing a room of his own for the first time .
the boy was going to the boxroom and was clearly excited at [having] a room of his own for the first time .

Ride quality benefits from the set-up , too , possessing the sort of bump absorption and suppleness rarely experienced outside a luxury saloon — no other off-roader comes close .
ride quality benefits from the set-up , too , [having] the sort of bump absorption and suppleness rarely experienced outside a luxury saloon — no other off-roader comes close .

That is the nature of the self-punishment which Britain inflicted on itself by maintaining in its law the assertion that citizens of other countries , wholly independent and acknowledging a different head of state , were nevertheless in every respect members of the single category of ‘ British subjects ’ , possessing within the United Kingdom the rights that attach to that category .
that is the nature of the self-punishment which britain inflicted on itself by maintaining in its law the assertion that citizens of other countries , wholly independent and acknowledging a different head of state , were nevertheless in every respect members of the single category of ‘ british subjects ’ , [having] within the united kingdom the rights that attach to that category .

Despite possessing the advantage of numbers and surprise , Gibbon had lost twenty-one men , including seven officers , and suffered forty wounded , two mortally .
despite [having] the advantage of numbers and surprise , gibbon had lost twenty-one men , including seven officers , and suffered forty wounded , two mortally .

They are jointly charged with conspiracy to cause explosions and possessing Semtex and six assault rifles on or before April 13 .
they are jointly charged with conspiracy to cause explosions and [having] semtex and six assault rifles on or before april 13 .

Canning was charged also with causing an explosion in Bridle Lane , Soho , central London , on April 6 , and possessing a revolver with intent to resist arrest .
canning was charged also with causing an explosion in bridle lane , soho , central london , on april 6 , and [having] a revolver with intent to resist arrest .

The Middle East is the most energy rich region of the world , possessing over half the world 's proven oil reserves and a quarter of the world 's gas reserves .
the middle east is the most energy rich region of the world , [having] over half the world 's proven oil reserves and a quarter of the world 's gas reserves .

‘ This Boy Can Wait ’ was seen in some quarters as possessing a strong gay message and Gedge enjoyed the ambiguity the lyrics encouraged .
‘ this boy can wait ’ was seen in some quarters as [having] a strong gay message and gedge enjoyed the ambiguity the lyrics encouraged .

When she hesitated over this action , she was accused of not possessing ‘ the correct consciousness for the working class .
when she hesitated over this action , she was accused of not [having] ‘ the correct consciousness for the working class .

Darryl Chapman , 29 , is accused of possessing three rifle magazines , and the other three — Leslie Wheeler , 24 , Robert Thompson , 25 , and William Casement , 31 — face charges of possessing ammunition .
darryl chapman , 29 , is accused of [having] three rifle magazines , and the other three — leslie wheeler , 24 , robert thompson , 25 , and william casement , 31 — face charges of [having] ammunition .

The latter offence is an inchoate offence of a familiar kind : possession with intent , in circumstances where an innocent reason for possessing explosives is fairly hard to come by ( unless the defendant is engaged in quarrying or another business in which explosives are used ) .
the latter offence is an inchoate offence of a familiar kind : possession with intent , in circumstances where an innocent reason for [having] explosives is fairly hard to come by ( unless the defendant is engaged in quarrying or another business in which explosives are used ) .

Section 16 contains an offence of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , which corresponds to the offence under section 3 of the Explosives Act .
section 16 contains an offence of [having] a firearm with intent to endanger life , which corresponds to the offence under section 3 of the explosives act .

The basic offence in section 1 is that of possessing a firearm without a certificate , an offence which ( despite elements of strict liability ) carries a maximum of three years ' imprisonment .
the basic offence in section 1 is that of [having] a firearm without a certificate , an offence which ( despite elements of strict liability ) carries a maximum of three years ' imprisonment .

The Act also contains a number of aggravated offences of possessing a firearm with various intents , and these were set out in Chapter 7.7 above .
the act also contains a number of aggravated offences of [having] a firearm with various intents , and these were set out in chapter 7.7 above .

Lower down the scale comes the offence of possessing an offensive weapon without lawful authority or excuse , contrary to the Prevention of Crime Act 1953 .
lower down the scale comes the offence of [having] an offensive weapon without lawful authority or excuse , contrary to the prevention of crime act 1953 .

Discharged in 1988 he returned to his old job but was soon arrested for possessing cannabis .
discharged in 1988 he returned to his old job but was soon arrested for [having] cannabis .

For a Hindu woman nothing is more important than possessing a husband and nothing is luckier than to have a loving and caring husband .
for a hindu woman nothing is more important than [having] a husband and nothing is luckier than to have a loving and caring husband .

He enjoyed possessing his knowledge on his own .
he enjoyed [having] his knowledge on his own .

In general , what the nouveaux romanciers would jettison from modernism was the privileging of interiority and the portrayal of the awakening artistic sensibility : although writer figures occasionally appear in the fiction of Robert Pinget and Nathalie Sarraute , we find a rejection of the élitist preoccupation with the artist as a unique individual possessing a heightened awareness of reality .
in general , what the nouveaux romanciers would jettison from modernism was the privileging of interiority and the portrayal of the awakening artistic sensibility : although writer figures occasionally appear in the fiction of robert pinget and nathalie sarraute , we find a rejection of the élitist preoccupation with the artist as a unique individual [having] a heightened awareness of reality .

Vattimo and Rovatti 1983 , Vattimo 1985 , 1987 ) — are recognized as possessing at least a family resemblance to the more general phenomenon of ‘ postmodernism ’ .
vattimo and rovatti 1983 , vattimo 1985 , 1987 ) — are recognized as [having] at least a family resemblance to the more general phenomenon of ‘ postmodernism ’ .

In this childbirth sequence the prose of an essentially devious and turbid writer clears like a tangled sky . It 's not that Shatov is somehow proved right and Mrs Virginsky wrong about new life and ( by implication ) God , but that the most natural hope begins to stir in the merely legal father 's heart ; so it would be pompous and artificial to go on talking about futurity , this is the future in the mind 's eye of one rejoicing man : shared , beautiful , fragile ; and the whole novel seems braced to tear itself free of the devils possessing it :
in this childbirth sequence the prose of an essentially devious and turbid writer clears like a tangled sky . it 's not that shatov is somehow proved right and mrs virginsky wrong about new life and ( by implication ) god , but that the most natural hope begins to stir in the merely legal father 's heart ; so it would be pompous and artificial to go on talking about futurity , this is the future in the mind 's eye of one rejoicing man : shared , beautiful , fragile ; and the whole novel seems braced to tear itself free of the devils [having] it :

Marxists have the dogmatic assurance that comes from possessing a world-view that offers total explanations of social and cultural processes , and which is mysteriously immune to the ideological determinism ind deformation that they diagnose in others .
marxists have the dogmatic assurance that comes from [having] a world-view that offers total explanations of social and cultural processes , and which is mysteriously immune to the ideological determinism ind deformation that they diagnose in others .

It is , nevertheless , interesting that Norris should say , in passing , of Nietzsche ; ‘ there are many competing versions of Nietzsche , none possessing any absolute claim to articulate the ‘ truth ' ’ of his text , but all of them — and this is Derrida 's point — made possible by something in the logic , the syntax or the structural resources of his writing .
it is , nevertheless , interesting that norris should say , in passing , of nietzsche ; ‘ there are many competing versions of nietzsche , none [having] any absolute claim to articulate the ‘ truth ' ’ of his text , but all of them — and this is derrida 's point — made possible by something in the logic , the syntax or the structural resources of his writing .

The idea of literary sensibility would probably be dismissed by the culturalists of the Left as a piece of mystification , and certainly few of them have shown signs of possessing it , on either side of the Atlantic .
the idea of literary sensibility would probably be dismissed by the culturalists of the left as a piece of mystification , and certainly few of them have shown signs of [having] it , on either side of the atlantic .

It is useful for would-be choreographers to examine his ballets and discover that he mostly set them in countries possessing easily recognised characteristics .
it is useful for would-be choreographers to examine his ballets and discover that he mostly set them in countries [having] easily recognised characteristics .

Roy Lambe , aged 25 , of Belfast , was charged with having two rifles , a pistol and ammunition with intent to endanger life ; possessing information likely to be useful to terrorists and raising money for the illegal loyalist group the Red Hand Commandos .
roy lambe , aged 25 , of belfast , was charged with having two rifles , a pistol and ammunition with intent to endanger life ; [having] information likely to be useful to terrorists and raising money for the illegal loyalist group the red hand commandos .

The result was the great British compromise ; Tawell would be charged with the lesser crime of possessing a forged bond rather than actually forging it .
the result was the great british compromise ; tawell would be charged with the lesser crime of [having] a forged bond rather than actually forging it .

There is literally no social arena — from the strongest material relationship to the most subtle moral one — in which the possessing classes and a self-conscious proletariat could take one and the same position and figure as an undifferentiated whole .
there is literally no social arena — from the strongest material relationship to the most subtle moral one — in which the [having] classes and a self-conscious proletariat could take one and the same position and figure as an undifferentiated whole .

It 's almost Himalayan in character , possessing that combination rare in Highland topography , of rugged drama twinned with pastoral tranquillity .
it 's almost himalayan in character , [having] that combination rare in highland topography , of rugged drama twinned with pastoral tranquillity .

However , as the medical picture became more clear , there became more and more a sense of underlying tension , with heroic care being delivered by people possessing the knowledge that it was n't going to work .
however , as the medical picture became more clear , there became more and more a sense of underlying tension , with heroic care being delivered by people [having] the knowledge that it was n't going to work .

The god had been incarnated in five successive dhāmis , possessing each one during seances for the whole of his adult life .
the god had been incarnated in five successive dhāmis , [having] each one during seances for the whole of his adult life .

Although possessing the advantage of simplicity , this method suffers from a serious disadvantage .
although [having] the advantage of simplicity , this method suffers from a serious disadvantage .

Sam was also a masterly shepherd and an expert breeder of Swaledale sheep , a most hardy animal which roams at will along the high fells and can live through all but the most brutal winters , even possessing the stamina to survive being buried for days under several feel of snow , so long as there is an air hole .
sam was also a masterly shepherd and an expert breeder of swaledale sheep , a most hardy animal which roams at will along the high fells and can live through all but the most brutal winters , even [having] the stamina to survive being buried for days under several feel of snow , so long as there is an air hole .

The Jews are a race possessing self-assurance — and wrongly identified .
the jews are a race [having] self-assurance — and wrongly identified .

Once a prosperous port possessing ‘ Liberty of the Tamar ’ , chosen as site for a Royal Dockyard , and renowned for its oyster beds and fisheries , Saltash has now turned its back on its Waterside .
once a prosperous port [having] ‘ liberty of the tamar ’ , chosen as site for a royal dockyard , and renowned for its oyster beds and fisheries , saltash has now turned its back on its waterside .

Struggling throughout his life with his own infirmity of will , and with a haunting sense that he was like some great tree possessing ‘ pith within the Trunk , not heart of Wood ’ , he was consistently drawn , for good and ill , to those possessing stronger personalities than his own .
struggling throughout his life with his own infirmity of will , and with a haunting sense that he was like some great tree [having] ‘ pith within the trunk , not heart of wood ’ , he was consistently drawn , for good and ill , to those [having] stronger personalities than his own .

To Sara , more hard-pressed than ever at Lime Street , the intellectual and emotional sympathy binding Coleridge and Dorothy must have been both apparent and distressing , even if Dorothy , in De Quincey 's words , was a woman possessing ‘ no personal charms ’ : on only the second day of the visit Coleridge and Dorothy were occupied together correcting his poems for the new edition while Sara was left to carry the domestic burdens of the teeming cottage .
to sara , more hard-pressed than ever at lime street , the intellectual and emotional sympathy binding coleridge and dorothy must have been both apparent and distressing , even if dorothy , in de quincey 's words , was a woman [having] ‘ no personal charms ’ : on only the second day of the visit coleridge and dorothy were occupied together correcting his poems for the new edition while sara was left to carry the domestic burdens of the teeming cottage .

Occultists also claim to cast out demons affecting or possessing one of their number , and even friends outside their magic circles .
occultists also claim to cast out demons affecting or [having] one of their number , and even friends outside their magic circles .

Tough , modest and possessing an ideal temperament , Phil is renowned for always giving of his best for the Palace cause .
tough , modest and [having] an ideal temperament , phil is renowned for always giving of his best for the palace cause .

John 's slight built made him a tantalising opponent , but he had scorching pace and neat control , while also possessing the ability to cut inside and shoot powerfully for goal himself , so that he could always be relied upon to contribute several useful goals each season .
john 's slight built made him a tantalising opponent , but he had scorching pace and neat control , while also [having] the ability to cut inside and shoot powerfully for goal himself , so that he could always be relied upon to contribute several useful goals each season .

Napoleone Lomellini had discovered the absence of the Jew , and had ceased pretence , at least , of possessing no powder .
napoleone lomellini had discovered the absence of the jew , and had ceased pretence , at least , of [having] no powder .

Now , metaphor is central to the life of the mind because this joint assertion of identity and difference is the means by which consciousness identifies itself as figure , possessing a certain symbolic meaning , in its reflection upon the material world .
now , metaphor is central to the life of the mind because this joint assertion of identity and difference is the means by which consciousness identifies itself as figure , [having] a certain symbolic meaning , in its reflection upon the material world .

Almost every conjurer who has taken a parti pris in this field has found himself accused of possessing psychic powers .
almost every conjurer who has taken a parti pris in this field has found himself accused of [having] psychic powers .

The penalty for possessing this effective armour-plating is a disproportionately heavy body and a loss of physical flexibility .
the penalty for [having] this effective armour-plating is a disproportionately heavy body and a loss of physical flexibility .

Instead curriculum development centres were set up , physically separate from the Inspectorate and possessing some degree of autonomy , yet at the same time firmly established under Ministry control .
instead curriculum development centres were set up , physically separate from the inspectorate and [having] some degree of autonomy , yet at the same time firmly established under ministry control .

During interviews which followed the incident in November , Graham admitted to possessing seeds of the cannabis plant .
during interviews which followed the incident in november , graham admitted to [having] seeds of the cannabis plant .

Maybe such herbs are natural neural tranquillizers , no doubt possessing a far more harmonious interaction with life processes than those presently produced by drug companies .
maybe such herbs are natural neural tranquillizers , no doubt [having] a far more harmonious interaction with life processes than those presently produced by drug companies .

Similarly , those insects possessing an ability to see things through infrared or heat emissions are in an interesting position , for while we humans perceive airborne molecular vibrations as sound , such a creature would have no need of ears , though many do possess excellent hearing , for it may be able to see some airborne vibrations as molecular agitations or patterns .
similarly , those insects [having] an ability to see things through infrared or heat emissions are in an interesting position , for while we humans perceive airborne molecular vibrations as sound , such a creature would have no need of ears , though many do possess excellent hearing , for it may be able to see some airborne vibrations as molecular agitations or patterns .

Norris points out that the lower jaw of the dolphin and many cetaceans is actually comprised of an extremely thin and expanded sheet of bone , possessing a minimum thickness varying from only 0.1 to 3 millimetres among the differently sized species .
norris points out that the lower jaw of the dolphin and many cetaceans is actually comprised of an extremely thin and expanded sheet of bone , [having] a minimum thickness varying from only 0.1 to 3 millimetres among the differently sized species .

This does not mean that among those species not possessing Tursiops ’ style of sonar equipment , sonar is not of such importance to them .
this does not mean that among those species not [having] tursiops ’ style of sonar equipment , sonar is not of such importance to them .

There is a hidden subtle dimension to all creatures that makes them what they are , possessing the basic behavioural characteristics of their species .
there is a hidden subtle dimension to all creatures that makes them what they are , [having] the basic behavioural characteristics of their species .

The axolotl , the tadpole of the South American tiger salamander , is famous in the zoology textbooks for breaking with tradition and possessing the capacity to reproduce sexually while still retaining its aquatic larval form , including its external gills .
the axolotl , the tadpole of the south american tiger salamander , is famous in the zoology textbooks for breaking with tradition and [having] the capacity to reproduce sexually while still retaining its aquatic larval form , including its external gills .

Anyone who enjoys this repertoire is likely to find this an attractive disc — not perhaps , as gemütlich as one would like in the Viennese numbers , but certainly possessing a certain straightforward charm of its own , even if at only 50 minutes it 's somewhat underfilled .
anyone who enjoys this repertoire is likely to find this an attractive disc — not perhaps , as gemütlich as one would like in the viennese numbers , but certainly [having] a certain straightforward charm of its own , even if at only 50 minutes it 's somewhat underfilled .

Harry Ward , a 27-year-old born-deaf man orally educated at the Llandaff School in Cardiff and possessing excellent lipreading skills , managed to follow his three brothers into the Munster Regiment and undergo training at the Curragh Camp in Ireland .
harry ward , a 27-year-old born-deaf man orally educated at the llandaff school in cardiff and [having] excellent lipreading skills , managed to follow his three brothers into the munster regiment and undergo training at the curragh camp in ireland .

There is a greater demand than ever for men possessing good judgment , trustworthiness of character and the power of dealing intelligently and thoughtfully with new conditions .
there is a greater demand than ever for men [having] good judgment , trustworthiness of character and the power of dealing intelligently and thoughtfully with new conditions .

The adaptable worker would partner machines without being alienated , while simultaneously displaying interest , application , and initiative , in addition to possessing an all-round competence .
the adaptable worker would partner machines without being alienated , while simultaneously displaying interest , application , and initiative , in addition to [having] an all-round competence .

In the later Middle Ages as more and more families became armigerous , the abuse of arms by illegal assumption grew to the point where corrective action was necessary if the dignity of possessing a valid grant was not to be eroded beyond reclamation .
in the later middle ages as more and more families became armigerous , the abuse of arms by illegal assumption grew to the point where corrective action was necessary if the dignity of [having] a valid grant was not to be eroded beyond reclamation .

Possessing no ecclesiastic franchise , they expiate their grief by posting an In Memoriam notice .
[having] no ecclesiastic franchise , they expiate their grief by posting an in memoriam notice .

This is the sort of poverty we should cultivate ; on the physical side as ordinary men possessing what we have , but on the mental side — as nomads possessing nothing .
this is the sort of poverty we should cultivate ; on the physical side as ordinary men [having] what we have , but on the mental side — as nomads [having] nothing .

According to the Feynman scheme , classical trajectories correspond to quantum pathways possessing minimal action .
according to the feynman scheme , classical trajectories correspond to quantum pathways [having] minimal action .

Its prized possessions are two : the haunting Volto Santo ( Holy Face ) , a wooden crucifix said to have been carved by Nicodemus and possessing miraculous powers ; and the graceful white marble tomb of Ilaria del Carretto Guinigi by master Sienese sculptor Jacopo de lla Quercia ( 1408 ) in the former sacristy .
its prized possessions are two : the haunting volto santo ( holy face ) , a wooden crucifix said to have been carved by nicodemus and [having] miraculous powers ; and the graceful white marble tomb of ilaria del carretto guinigi by master sienese sculptor jacopo de lla quercia ( 1408 ) in the former sacristy .

Built in 1737 and rebuilt in 1816 , it holds the distinction of once being under the musical direction of Gioacchino Rossini ( 1815–1822 ) and still possessing some of the finest acoustics in Europe .
built in 1737 and rebuilt in 1816 , it holds the distinction of once being under the musical direction of gioacchino rossini ( 1815–1822 ) and still [having] some of the finest acoustics in europe .

Congressional sanctions punishing Pakistan for possessing nuclear arms prevented the administration from offering incentives to Islamabad .
congressional sanctions punishing pakistan for [having] nuclear arms prevented the administration from offering incentives to islamabad .

He stands there , an awesome wreck : drunk , corrupted , angry , in pain , delusionary , his vital organs putrifying , but still possessing surprising reservoirs of strength , and still capable of delivering vicious and unpredictable blows .
he stands there , an awesome wreck : drunk , corrupted , angry , in pain , delusionary , his vital organs putrifying , but still [having] surprising reservoirs of strength , and still capable of delivering vicious and unpredictable blows .

Warren Beatty is legendary for possessing both a politician 's promiscuity and a politician 's wariness of genuine commitment .
warren beatty is legendary for [having] both a politician 's promiscuity and a politician 's wariness of genuine commitment .

Cocaine use is illegal , but as governor of Texas , he 's toughened penalties for people convicted of selling or possessing less than a gram of coke ( a crime previously punished by probation ) .
cocaine use is illegal , but as governor of texas , he 's toughened penalties for people convicted of selling or [having] less than a gram of coke ( a crime previously punished by probation ) .

Lord Justice Peter Gibson ruled that these words could never convey that defamatory meaning : `` I could have wished Miss Norman had told the hoary old joke contained in the subject of this libel action as it would have shown that , in addition to possessing the remarkable vocal and dramatic talents which have made her world-famous as a distinguished opera singer , she had an engaging sense of humour .
lord justice peter gibson ruled that these words could never convey that defamatory meaning : `` i could have wished miss norman had told the hoary old joke contained in the subject of this libel action as it would have shown that , in addition to [having] the remarkable vocal and dramatic talents which have made her world-famous as a distinguished opera singer , she had an engaging sense of humour .

Following the arrest of the trainer of the Festina team , Bruno Roussel , accused of possessing large quantities of forbidden substances , there were several editorials Thursday about the potentially disastrous effects of this scandal on the world 's greatest cycling marathon .
following the arrest of the trainer of the festina team , bruno roussel , accused of [having] large quantities of forbidden substances , there were several editorials thursday about the potentially disastrous effects of this scandal on the world 's greatest cycling marathon .

Recalling that the first such event 20 years ago had ended with 53 arrests , Le Monde pointed out that this year there had been only one arrest -- of a person possessing two grams of cannabis -- and that 30 uniformed policemen had crossed the security barriers to join the party .
recalling that the first such event 20 years ago had ended with 53 arrests , le monde pointed out that this year there had been only one arrest -- of a person [having] two grams of cannabis -- and that 30 uniformed policemen had crossed the security barriers to join the party .

To do that , Nash , on a wager , disposed of a deep problem that had baffled the profession since the 19 th century : He showed that any Riemannian manifold possessing a special kind of `` smoothness '' can be embedded in Euclidean space .
to do that , nash , on a wager , disposed of a deep problem that had baffled the profession since the 19 th century : he showed that any riemannian manifold [having] a special kind of `` smoothness '' can be embedded in euclidean space .

Gallant 's stories of men and women -- and these include a few tales of trusting men let down by untrustworthy women -- follow a basic pattern : Someone ( possessing a naiveté perhaps reminiscent of the 27-year-old who ran off to Paris to write ) offers someone else his or her love and is let down , but still manages to get up in the morning for the next several decades .
gallant 's stories of men and women -- and these include a few tales of trusting men let down by untrustworthy women -- follow a basic pattern : someone ( [having] a naiveté perhaps reminiscent of the 27-year-old who ran off to paris to write ) offers someone else his or her love and is let down , but still manages to get up in the morning for the next several decades .

Persons under age 18 are prohibited from possessing handguns from anyone ( dealer or not ) .
persons under age 18 are prohibited from [having] handguns from anyone ( dealer or not ) .

One of them would prohibit 18- to 20-year-olds from possessing handguns .
one of them would prohibit 18- to 20-year-olds from [having] handguns .

Clinton 's Amendment slovenliness first became apparent in 1993 , when he boxed his own solicitor general on the ears for having been on the wrong side in the Knox case , in which a graduate student at the University of Pennsylvania was convicted for possessing videotapes of teen-age girls wearing bikinis and underwear .
clinton 's amendment slovenliness first became apparent in 1993 , when he boxed his own solicitor general on the ears for having been on the wrong side in the knox case , in which a graduate student at the university of pennsylvania was convicted for [having] videotapes of teen-age girls wearing bikinis and underwear .

Possessing the ability to turn the bathtub faucet on and off with your toes .
[having] the ability to turn the bathtub faucet on and off with your toes .

Finally , there are the objects that , while still possessing one basic nomenclature , show marked potential for confusion and hence for backwords .
finally , there are the objects that , while still [having] one basic nomenclature , show marked potential for confusion and hence for backwords .

