the author possesses an uncommonly fine English style , and he is dealing with subjects of vast importance that are highly topical for our time .
the author [has] an uncommonly fine english style , and he is dealing with subjects of vast importance that are highly topical for our time .

But the `` marvelous person '' that is supposed to result from Zen exhibits more Chinese practicality than Indian speculation -- he possesses magical powers , and can use them to order nature and to redeem souls .
but the `` marvelous person '' that is supposed to result from zen exhibits more chinese practicality than indian speculation -- he [has] magical powers , and can use them to order nature and to redeem souls .

But when these expectations are once too often ground into the dust , innocence can falter , since its strength is according to the strength of him who possesses it .
but when these expectations are once too often ground into the dust , innocence can falter , since its strength is according to the strength of him who [has] it .

America possesses an enormous defense power .
america [has] an enormous defense power .

It lacks pollen baskets and possesses only a large number of long , branched hairs on its legs , on which the pollen grains will collect .
it lacks pollen baskets and [has] only a large number of long , branched hairs on its legs , on which the pollen grains will collect .

Besides proteolytic enzymes the thyroid possesses de-iodinating enzymes .
besides proteolytic enzymes the thyroid [has] de-iodinating enzymes .

Indeed , the spiral Af , with the two endpoints connected by a straight line possesses only one inscribed square .
indeed , the spiral af , with the two endpoints connected by a straight line [has] only one inscribed square .

Russia possesses the preponderance of submarines in the world , divided between her various fleets .
russia [has] the preponderance of submarines in the world , divided between her various fleets .

All general projects of redressement — ‘ putting right ’ or straightening out , but the French is somehow more apt — are political in that sense , and run immediately into the difficulty that Britain possesses neither a constitution nor a state machine adapted to them .
all general projects of redressement — ‘ putting right ’ or straightening out , but the french is somehow more apt — are political in that sense , and run immediately into the difficulty that britain [has] neither a constitution nor a state machine adapted to them .

It was difficult for anyone to make light of the conditions but the Brugge forward , Amokachi , did his best to advertise the obvious pace he possesses during an opening in which the Belgian side did everything except score .
it was difficult for anyone to make light of the conditions but the brugge forward , amokachi , did his best to advertise the obvious pace he [has] during an opening in which the belgian side did everything except score .

It is not that she possesses dazzling charm or an especially brilliant intellect , but he enjoys her company so long as he thinks their friendship is platonic .
it is not that she [has] dazzling charm or an especially brilliant intellect , but he enjoys her company so long as he thinks their friendship is platonic .

His study Sally ( the lady sits at a table and looks straight ahead at the viewer ) possesses painterly values of real distinction .
his study sally ( the lady sits at a table and looks straight ahead at the viewer ) [has] painterly values of real distinction .

She possesses no respect for the man and want a speedy marriage .
she [has] no respect for the man and want a speedy marriage .

Bingley possesses an enormous fortune and both of them are committed to each other and love one another very deeply .
bingley [has] an enormous fortune and both of them are committed to each other and love one another very deeply .

Mrs. Bennet is a woman of poor understanding and possesses a bad temper , compared to Mr. Bennet .
mrs. bennet is a woman of poor understanding and [has] a bad temper , compared to mr. bennet .

Her luck lies in the fact that she possesses little to recommend except for her good looks .
her luck lies in the fact that she [has] little to recommend except for her good looks .

Fanny possesses strong feeling towards Edmund but at the beginning of the novel is quiet in showing her feelings .
fanny [has] strong feeling towards edmund but at the beginning of the novel is quiet in showing her feelings .

He can convert half-chances , possesses great vision and is deadly accurate from frees .
he can convert half-chances , [has] great vision and is deadly accurate from frees .

The differential aspect means that an operational amplifier possesses a noninverting and an inverting input terminal , the sign of any signal applied between these terminals and the common rail being respectively preserved and reversed at the output .
the differential aspect means that an operational amplifier [has] a noninverting and an inverting input terminal , the sign of any signal applied between these terminals and the common rail being respectively preserved and reversed at the output .

The general procedure for finding the physical function corresponding to is to reject poles of in the positive half of the s-plane and construct a function that possesses just those poles of that lie in the negative half of the s-plane .
the general procedure for finding the physical function corresponding to is to reject poles of in the positive half of the s-plane and construct a function that [has] just those poles of that lie in the negative half of the s-plane .

In the real world , it is unlikely that a product has clear advantages over its competition on all points , and it is clearly part of the selling function for the salesperson to emphasise those superior features and benefits which his product possesses .
in the real world , it is unlikely that a product has clear advantages over its competition on all points , and it is clearly part of the selling function for the salesperson to emphasise those superior features and benefits which his product [has] .

The 1x15 possesses slightly different tonal characteristics .
the 1x15 [has] slightly different tonal characteristics .

It 's a two-octave neck , marked by neck-top mini-dots , and possesses a distinctive ‘ stepping ’ at the 24th half-fret .
it 's a two-octave neck , marked by neck-top mini-dots , and [has] a distinctive ‘ stepping ’ at the 24th half-fret .

Rasbora maculata also possesses the Weberian apparatus a modification to the vertebrae immediately behind the skull , which joins the swimbladder to the inner ear .
rasbora maculata also [has] the weberian apparatus a modification to the vertebrae immediately behind the skull , which joins the swimbladder to the inner ear .

The bass possesses a surprising variety of tones thanks to those aforementioned pickup selection switches ; in the same cluster there 's also a ‘ tone ’ switch to allow the low end to dominate .
the bass [has] a surprising variety of tones thanks to those aforementioned pickup selection switches ; in the same cluster there 's also a ‘ tone ’ switch to allow the low end to dominate .

The unit possesses an external effects send and return facility to allow the user to incorporate external devices into the programmed settings .
the unit [has] an external effects send and return facility to allow the user to incorporate external devices into the programmed settings .

Newbald possesses a spacious green .
newbald [has] a spacious green .

The process of trituration to which insoluble materials were subjected involved grinding one part of the starting material with nine ( or ninety-nine ) parts of lactose — a sugar which possesses very abrasive crystals .
the process of trituration to which insoluble materials were subjected involved grinding one part of the starting material with nine ( or ninety-nine ) parts of lactose — a sugar which [has] very abrasive crystals .

The alternative voting system at least possesses the virtue of requiring that if such policies are to be persisted in , the doctrine in which they are grounded must have been at least minimally acceptable to , if not the first choice of , a majority of voters .
the alternative voting system at least [has] the virtue of requiring that if such policies are to be persisted in , the doctrine in which they are grounded must have been at least minimally acceptable to , if not the first choice of , a majority of voters .

Compared to the Chardonnay it has a more obvious fruit character and in its youth possesses a greater depth of flavour and bouquet .
compared to the chardonnay it has a more obvious fruit character and in its youth [has] a greater depth of flavour and bouquet .

Gabriel Gasbag — As thick as a proverbial brick , possesses hardly any intelligence ( it 's doubtful if she can even spell the word ) .
gabriel gasbag — as thick as a proverbial brick , [has] hardly any intelligence ( it 's doubtful if she can even spell the word ) .

More generally in relation to external dealings , the advantages which the City of London possesses as a major international financial centre were listed by the Wilson Committee : its historical role as centre of the pax Britannica economica ; its geographical position close to Europe and between America and Asia ; the overlap of its working day with those of both Europe and Asia ; political stability ; a high degree of integrity ; a flexible regulatory system ; a concentration of ancillary and cognate services ; and the universality of the English language .
more generally in relation to external dealings , the advantages which the city of london [has] as a major international financial centre were listed by the wilson committee : its historical role as centre of the pax britannica economica ; its geographical position close to europe and between america and asia ; the overlap of its working day with those of both europe and asia ; political stability ; a high degree of integrity ; a flexible regulatory system ; a concentration of ancillary and cognate services ; and the universality of the english language .

Gordon Richards 's star novice created a tremendous impression when beating Dreamers Delight at Doncaster and possesses scope for considerable improvement .
gordon richards 's star novice created a tremendous impression when beating dreamers delight at doncaster and [has] scope for considerable improvement .

What matters , they claim , is the psychological state of the worker and the skills he or she possesses .
what matters , they claim , is the psychological state of the worker and the skills he or she [has] .

However , the Carlton Hotel possesses a fine modern discothèque in its nightclub complete with laser beams , flashing lights and coloured smoke .
however , the carlton hotel [has] a fine modern discothèque in its nightclub complete with laser beams , flashing lights and coloured smoke .

The bleakest moments prove to be highlights after several listens ; the obtuse spoken narrative of ‘ Belong ’ possesses a strange macabre quality , while the tortuous vocal of ‘ Country Feedback ’ could be Neil Young at his most psychotic .
the bleakest moments prove to be highlights after several listens ; the obtuse spoken narrative of ‘ belong ’ [has] a strange macabre quality , while the tortuous vocal of ‘ country feedback ’ could be neil young at his most psychotic .

In other words , within a non-Marxist framework the ability of a company which possesses a monopoly to exploit its monopoly is something which is determined by the evidence and not as in Marxism by the way in which value is de fined .
in other words , within a non-marxist framework the ability of a company which [has] a monopoly to exploit its monopoly is something which is determined by the evidence and not as in marxism by the way in which value is de fined .

Although part of nature in that he is made from dust , he is nevertheless created in the image of God and as such possesses many of the qualities of Godhead : mind , will , emotions , conscience .
although part of nature in that he is made from dust , he is nevertheless created in the image of god and as such [has] many of the qualities of godhead : mind , will , emotions , conscience .

The basic pattern of the centre of The Lord of the Rings is separations and encounters and wanderings , but these are controlled first by a map ( something no Arthurian narrative possesses ) , and second by an extremely tight chronology of days and dates .
the basic pattern of the centre of the lord of the rings is separations and encounters and wanderings , but these are controlled first by a map ( something no arthurian narrative [has] ) , and second by an extremely tight chronology of days and dates .

The only other Fifth Avenues are in West Kilburn and Manor Park , both of which also possess a Sixth , while the latter possesses a Seventh .
the only other fifth avenues are in west kilburn and manor park , both of which also possess a sixth , while the latter [has] a seventh .

On the surface this structure would seem to have much to commend it , guaran-teeing , as it does , every child a right to an educational curriculum of distinctive breadth and depth irrespective of the type of school he or she attends and irrespective of the talents the child possesses .
on the surface this structure would seem to have much to commend it , guaran-teeing , as it does , every child a right to an educational curriculum of distinctive breadth and depth irrespective of the type of school he or she attends and irrespective of the talents the child [has] .

This places the solicitor in a less favourable position than the businessman who possesses greater opportunities to exploit a commercial relationship , possibly to the detriment of the other party .
this places the solicitor in a less favourable position than the businessman who [has] greater opportunities to exploit a commercial relationship , possibly to the detriment of the other party .

It is therefore possible to calculate how much brain a mammal should have for its size and , by taking the ratio between the actual and the expected brain size , obtain a measure of how much ‘ extra ’ brain a species possesses .
it is therefore possible to calculate how much brain a mammal should have for its size and , by taking the ratio between the actual and the expected brain size , obtain a measure of how much ‘ extra ’ brain a species [has] .

The favoured candidate at the moment is the humble hedgehog , a nocturnal insect-eater which possesses a remarkably undifferentiated cortex ( Diamond and Hall 1969 ) .
the favoured candidate at the moment is the humble hedgehog , a nocturnal insect-eater which [has] a remarkably undifferentiated cortex ( diamond and hall 1969 ) .

However , there is one monkey , the owl monkey of South America , that has little useful colour vision , being a nocturnal animal , but which still possesses these blobs .
however , there is one monkey , the owl monkey of south america , that has little useful colour vision , being a nocturnal animal , but which still [has] these blobs .

Our friend the kingfisher apparently possesses computational mechanisms which can discover the real position of a fish at varying depths in the water .
our friend the kingfisher apparently [has] computational mechanisms which can discover the real position of a fish at varying depths in the water .

Moreover , since it is able to discover the empty space , and also those spaces that would remain empty throughout stabilization changes , it possesses a type of knowledge that would be crucial to an animal looking for a pathway or for a safe space through which to move .
moreover , since it is able to discover the empty space , and also those spaces that would remain empty throughout stabilization changes , it [has] a type of knowledge that would be crucial to an animal looking for a pathway or for a safe space through which to move .

It possesses a history , a knowledge .
it [has] a history , a knowledge .

The parasite itself is oval in shape and possesses eight whiplike hairs or flagella ( hence Octo ‘ eight — mitus ) , of which two are particularly elongated and are used to propel the organism through its watery environment .
the parasite itself is oval in shape and [has] eight whiplike hairs or flagella ( hence octo ‘ eight — mitus ) , of which two are particularly elongated and are used to propel the organism through its watery environment .

Has operated both openside and blind , tackles with ferocity and possesses safe hands in the loose .
has operated both openside and blind , tackles with ferocity and [has] safe hands in the loose .

To care for , teach and train a child , giving them the love and discipline they need in a secure home , requires all the intelligence and skill a woman possesses .
to care for , teach and train a child , giving them the love and discipline they need in a secure home , requires all the intelligence and skill a woman [has] .

He possesses non-physical properties and energies that are still largely unknown and uncharted by traditional science .
he [has] non-physical properties and energies that are still largely unknown and uncharted by traditional science .

Aboriginal communities possesses a richness of grammar , syntax and vocabulary that makes possible the expression of subtle nuances of thought , and the complex social structure of the Aboriginals is a further proof that he is not ‘ prehistoric ’ .
aboriginal communities [has] a richness of grammar , syntax and vocabulary that makes possible the expression of subtle nuances of thought , and the complex social structure of the aboriginals is a further proof that he is not ‘ prehistoric ’ .

The spiral possesses a subtle quality of its own .
the spiral [has] a subtle quality of its own .

The suggestion is that the spiral possesses the capacity to move energy from one level to another or from one vibration to another — to act as a channel or interface .
the suggestion is that the spiral [has] the capacity to move energy from one level to another or from one vibration to another — to act as a channel or interface .

Any organism possesses an L-Field as a whole which embraces subsidiary or ‘ local ’ fields representing the organism 's component parts .
any organism [has] an l-field as a whole which embraces subsidiary or ‘ local ’ fields representing the organism 's component parts .

Senior partner of a top 20 accountancy firm is as far as anyone can go in public practice . So what possesses a man who has reached that pinnacle to swap a prestigious City office for a charity based in one of the more dubious London suburbs ?
senior partner of a top 20 accountancy firm is as far as anyone can go in public practice . so what [has] a man who has reached that pinnacle to swap a prestigious city office for a charity based in one of the more dubious london suburbs ?

Although the county possesses few equivalents of the great churches built by wealthy communities elsewhere in England , it has a wealth of small-scale buildings in a range of styles imported in the latest continental fashion and modified by local needs and customs .
although the county [has] few equivalents of the great churches built by wealthy communities elsewhere in england , it has a wealth of small-scale buildings in a range of styles imported in the latest continental fashion and modified by local needs and customs .

Not only are victims , particularly of personal theft or burglary , usually reluctant to become entangled with the bureaucratic nightmare that can follow the reporting of a crime to the police , but it is extremely difficult to convict anyone who possesses either a good lawyer or ‘ influence ’ .
not only are victims , particularly of personal theft or burglary , usually reluctant to become entangled with the bureaucratic nightmare that can follow the reporting of a crime to the police , but it is extremely difficult to convict anyone who [has] either a good lawyer or ‘ influence ’ .

Some western experts believe that Russia has never properly counted the exact amount of nuclear material it possesses .
some western experts believe that russia has never properly counted the exact amount of nuclear material it [has] .

Since they are objective the question of whether or not someone possesses a concept does not arise .
since they are objective the question of whether or not someone [has] a concept does not arise .

This is easy for one who sees , since he already possesses a picture of the surface of his own body ; and , on this account , he now , by means of the unchanging local sign , even in the dark , translates each stimulus which he has once seen act on a definite place , to the same place in this picture of the body which is mentally presented before him .
this is easy for one who sees , since he already [has] a picture of the surface of his own body ; and , on this account , he now , by means of the unchanging local sign , even in the dark , translates each stimulus which he has once seen act on a definite place , to the same place in this picture of the body which is mentally presented before him .

Though the tiger at speed possesses the most fluid movement of all the big predators , when it ambles along it is almost ungainly .
though the tiger at speed [has] the most fluid movement of all the big predators , when it ambles along it is almost ungainly .

Like most nocturnal hunters , it possesses a highly developed optical system that can reflect the dullest ray of light through the pupils .
like most nocturnal hunters , it [has] a highly developed optical system that can reflect the dullest ray of light through the pupils .

‘ Such an antiquity , ’ he wrote , ‘ is necessary to account for the number of animal forms it possesses , which show no relation to those of India or Australia .
‘ such an antiquity , ’ he wrote , ‘ is necessary to account for the number of animal forms it [has] , which show no relation to those of india or australia .

It is our values and not our limited means which prevent us from recognizing that our society possesses adequate resources for the task in hand .
it is our values and not our limited means which prevent us from recognizing that our society [has] adequate resources for the task in hand .

‘ Oh , indeed ; a lady 's maid ? Ah yes ; likely it is from the mother that the child gets that air she possesses … Or was it from the father , do you think ? Do you know anything about him ? ’
‘ oh , indeed ; a lady 's maid ? ah yes ; likely it is from the mother that the child gets that air she [has] … or was it from the father , do you think ? do you know anything about him ? ’

The Exquisite Fairy Wrasse possesses a beauty which may only be fully appreciated in the living fish .
the exquisite fairy wrasse [has] a beauty which may only be fully appreciated in the living fish .

They will be waived if a candidate possesses the appropriate non-academic criteria .
they will be waived if a candidate [has] the appropriate non-academic criteria .

She personifies the power and energy that are unrestricted by convention , the knowledge of forces that dwell outside the clear , rational light of day ; she possesses the ability to draw upon the tides of night to awaken , attract and love .
she personifies the power and energy that are unrestricted by convention , the knowledge of forces that dwell outside the clear , rational light of day ; she [has] the ability to draw upon the tides of night to awaken , attract and love .

Sawyer and Darton put the position accurately and succinctly in English Books 1475–1900 : ‘ Certain editions are valued for their peculiarities , their rarity or their beauty of production , but not , from a collector 's point of view , so highly or so often as the amateur who possesses an old volume believes .
sawyer and darton put the position accurately and succinctly in english books 1475–1900 : ‘ certain editions are valued for their peculiarities , their rarity or their beauty of production , but not , from a collector 's point of view , so highly or so often as the amateur who [has] an old volume believes .

It becomes too big and unwieldy and no longer possesses sufficient land to satisfy the needs of all .
it becomes too big and unwieldy and no longer [has] sufficient land to satisfy the needs of all .

For Moore the ‘ science ’ of ethics is concerned with the property or quality good — with what it is , with what possesses it , and with how to produce as much of what possesses it as possible .
for moore the ‘ science ’ of ethics is concerned with the property or quality good — with what it is , with what [has] it , and with how to produce as much of what [has] it as possible .

without anyone having any choice in the matter , what value a thing possesses .
without anyone having any choice in the matter , what value a thing [has] .

The area possesses excellent cultural , leisure and recreational facilities .
the area [has] excellent cultural , leisure and recreational facilities .

The archer fish possesses a number of structural and behavioural adaptations associated with its ability to shoot down flies .
the archer fish [has] a number of structural and behavioural adaptations associated with its ability to shoot down flies .

The fish possesses a further adaptation to enhance its accuracy : binocular vision .
the fish [has] a further adaptation to enhance its accuracy : binocular vision .

Each of the many feeding individuals in the colony possesses an extremely long tentacle which bears large numbers of stinging cells known as nematocysts .
each of the many feeding individuals in the colony [has] an extremely long tentacle which bears large numbers of stinging cells known as nematocysts .

The male platypus possesses on its hind legs a large , reversible spur .
the male platypus [has] on its hind legs a large , reversible spur .

Easily Accessible : Otley is just 6 miles from the pretty Elizabethan market town of Woodbridge which overlooks the Sutton Hoo burial mounds and possesses the only surviving tide mill in the country .
easily accessible : otley is just 6 miles from the pretty elizabethan market town of woodbridge which overlooks the sutton hoo burial mounds and [has] the only surviving tide mill in the country .

‘ Bone possesses a certain porosity compared with horn , ’ argued the other , ‘ even though a Brother 's bones are strengthened ceramically . ’
‘ bone [has] a certain porosity compared with horn , ’ argued the other , ‘ even though a brother 's bones are strengthened ceramically . ’

The sub-contractor should be required to produce evidence that he possesses both employer 's liability and public liability insurance .
the sub-contractor should be required to produce evidence that he [has] both employer 's liability and public liability insurance .

Turning to American material , the Middle Temple possesses an excellent collection of American reports , and a certain number of American textbooks .
turning to american material , the middle temple [has] an excellent collection of american reports , and a certain number of american textbooks .

Not only that , if we accept that there has been a divorce between ownership and control in the typical large company , then management has escaped effective shareholder supervision and hence possesses a broad discretion as to the ends for which the company 's power shall be used .
not only that , if we accept that there has been a divorce between ownership and control in the typical large company , then management has escaped effective shareholder supervision and hence [has] a broad discretion as to the ends for which the company 's power shall be used .

Why would a political assembly want to abdicate from the full sovereignty which in principle it possesses , and set limits on its own future actions ?
why would a political assembly want to abdicate from the full sovereignty which in principle it [has] , and set limits on its own future actions ?

( 3 ) It possesses the monopoly of violence throughout this area , by virtue of which it has the capacity , even if not the moral authority , to guarantee the finality of its decision in political disputes arising from the conflict of individuals or groups within its territory .
( 3 ) it [has] the monopoly of violence throughout this area , by virtue of which it has the capacity , even if not the moral authority , to guarantee the finality of its decision in political disputes arising from the conflict of individuals or groups within its territory .

Given the variety of published material , both ‘ good ’ and ‘ bad ’ , a church musician may find it difficult to choose music which is appropriate for a particular choir and congregation and which possesses style , invention and staying power .
given the variety of published material , both ‘ good ’ and ‘ bad ’ , a church musician may find it difficult to choose music which is appropriate for a particular choir and congregation and which [has] style , invention and staying power .

Music itself possesses the power ( under God ) to convert .
music itself [has] the power ( under god ) to convert .

Only a small fraction of potentialities can be historically realized , and , therefore , the attitude-holder possesses belief themes , whose implicit argumentative meaning will never be realized .
only a small fraction of potentialities can be historically realized , and , therefore , the attitude-holder [has] belief themes , whose implicit argumentative meaning will never be realized .

Billig ( 1987a ) suggests that common sense also possesses its own contradictory themes .
billig ( 1987a ) suggests that common sense also [has] its own contradictory themes .

The present supporter of monarchy possesses the implicit themes , which will permit support to be translated into criticism should the monarchy fail to perform its job or should the economic books be seen not to balance .
the present supporter of monarchy [has] the implicit themes , which will permit support to be translated into criticism should the monarchy fail to perform its job or should the economic books be seen not to balance .

In fact , language , through abstraction , is a much more efficient form or communication and possesses much more control over its interpretation , and it is rather that this difference in evocation is less likely to be evident in artefactual symbolism than in linguistic symbolism .
in fact , language , through abstraction , is a much more efficient form or communication and [has] much more control over its interpretation , and it is rather that this difference in evocation is less likely to be evident in artefactual symbolism than in linguistic symbolism .

We might also note the aspect of intensity , which refers to the degree to which the vision possesses the visionary and those surrounding him/her , and durability , which refers to the persistence of the vision , ranging even beyond the career of the visionary as it infuses the behaviour of an organization for generations .
we might also note the aspect of intensity , which refers to the degree to which the vision [has] the visionary and those surrounding him/her , and durability , which refers to the persistence of the vision , ranging even beyond the career of the visionary as it infuses the behaviour of an organization for generations .

The large , well-known company possesses ‘ expertise ’ and can be ‘ trusted ’ , while the reference to employment of a chemist reveals that the small company lacking the attributes of wealth and competence is less able to comply , and implicitly untrustworthy .
the large , well-known company [has] ‘ expertise ’ and can be ‘ trusted ’ , while the reference to employment of a chemist reveals that the small company lacking the attributes of wealth and competence is less able to comply , and implicitly untrustworthy .

Because setting varies enormously , since each watercourse possesses its own unique characteristics , pollution is a highly relative notion .
because setting varies enormously , since each watercourse [has] its own unique characteristics , pollution is a highly relative notion .

They all suffer from a major weakness , which is that for every instance in which a word form possesses different synonyms , opposites , morphological derivatives , or whatever , in different contexts , there are several possible explanations , only one of which involves ambiguity of the word form ; hence , further evidence of a different sort is required to determine which explanation is correct in any given instance .
they all suffer from a major weakness , which is that for every instance in which a word form [has] different synonyms , opposites , morphological derivatives , or whatever , in different contexts , there are several possible explanations , only one of which involves ambiguity of the word form ; hence , further evidence of a different sort is required to determine which explanation is correct in any given instance .

The effect is that if the selectee possesses only those traits which are predictable from the selector , then the combination is pleonastic : ?
the effect is that if the selectee [has] only those traits which are predictable from the selector , then the combination is pleonastic : ?

Lord Valentine , who possesses a suit of armour which ‘ stood by Simon de Montfort on the field of Evesham ’ , is one such .
lord valentine , who [has] a suit of armour which ‘ stood by simon de montfort on the field of evesham ’ , is one such .

The Leicestershire Record Office possesses only two , for the parishes of Stathern ( 1792 ) and South Croxton and Barsby ( 1798 ) .
the leicestershire record office [has] only two , for the parishes of stathern ( 1792 ) and south croxton and barsby ( 1798 ) .

These northern immigrants soon set about reinventing the climate here , which is on the damp side , and investing it with therapeutic properties it hardly possesses .
these northern immigrants soon set about reinventing the climate here , which is on the damp side , and investing it with therapeutic properties it hardly [has] .

Of course examinations are unreal ; they are a contrivance whereby the student has the opportunity — usually over periods of three hours — to show how he can tackle fresh problems using the basic knowledge that he possesses .
of course examinations are unreal ; they are a contrivance whereby the student has the opportunity — usually over periods of three hours — to show how he can tackle fresh problems using the basic knowledge that he [has] .

Chamomile 's highly scented dried flowerheads contain up to one per cent of an aromatic oil which possesses powerfully antiseptic and anti-inflammatory properties of the herb .
chamomile 's highly scented dried flowerheads contain up to one per cent of an aromatic oil which [has] powerfully antiseptic and anti-inflammatory properties of the herb .

But , at some stage in his investigation , depending on the material at his disposal and the background knowledge that he possesses , the detective will form a hypothesis about the commission of the crime , its motive or the identity of the perpetrator .
but , at some stage in his investigation , depending on the material at his disposal and the background knowledge that he [has] , the detective will form a hypothesis about the commission of the crime , its motive or the identity of the perpetrator .

That the Court of Appeal possesses in particular circumstances the competence to set aside convictions ordered to be restored by the House of Lords is implicit in section 17 of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 , providing for referrals to the Court of Appeal by the Home Secretary .
that the court of appeal [has] in particular circumstances the competence to set aside convictions ordered to be restored by the house of lords is implicit in section 17 of the criminal appeal act 1968 , providing for referrals to the court of appeal by the home secretary .

Personal mobility has been defined as ‘ the capacity that a person possesses for getting around … ’ ( Hillman et al .
personal mobility has been defined as ‘ the capacity that a person [has] for getting around … ’ ( hillman et al .

In the first , the shape into which the social formation is predisposed to settle , though contested , is obvious and is a powerful influence on the culture ; the second — despite an underlying complexity in the cultural relationships — possesses brilliant if temporary clarity arising from its historical position at the beginning of a period of great situational adjustment .
in the first , the shape into which the social formation is predisposed to settle , though contested , is obvious and is a powerful influence on the culture ; the second — despite an underlying complexity in the cultural relationships — [has] brilliant if temporary clarity arising from its historical position at the beginning of a period of great situational adjustment .

Whilst the pert , Californian sexuality of Baywatch bimbos seems to be aimed at the heart of adolescent lust , Schiffer possesses a vital ambiguity within her features and her poise which recreates her as a story waiting to be told , as opposed to a fantasy waiting to be fulfilled .
whilst the pert , californian sexuality of baywatch bimbos seems to be aimed at the heart of adolescent lust , schiffer [has] a vital ambiguity within her features and her poise which recreates her as a story waiting to be told , as opposed to a fantasy waiting to be fulfilled .

His Inspector Purbright is a very ordinary man , distinguished only perhaps by the mildly quizzical view of life and humanity he possesses .
his inspector purbright is a very ordinary man , distinguished only perhaps by the mildly quizzical view of life and humanity he [has] .

The sender possesses knowledge which the receiver lacks .
the sender [has] knowledge which the receiver lacks .

Her head is large with a substantial brain many times bigger than the tiny knot of nerve cells that is all that a worker possesses .
her head is large with a substantial brain many times bigger than the tiny knot of nerve cells that is all that a worker [has] .

He possesses the Spirit of God 's Son , which makes him a son of God , and enables him to utter the family cry to God as ‘ Abba ’ .
he [has] the spirit of god 's son , which makes him a son of god , and enables him to utter the family cry to god as ‘ abba ’ .

8 Each party is `` disciplined `` and possesses sufficient internal cohesion , so as to ensure that once in office it is able to carry its programme through the House of Commons and into law .
8 each party is `` disciplined `` and [has] sufficient internal cohesion , so as to ensure that once in office it is able to carry its programme through the house of commons and into law .

It will be important for marketers to assess the experience of customers with their particular products in case it possesses some unsatisfactory performance or operating characteristic to which customers will eventually build up resistance .
it will be important for marketers to assess the experience of customers with their particular products in case it [has] some unsatisfactory performance or operating characteristic to which customers will eventually build up resistance .

Each of the five main large herbivorous mammals of the Serengeti has a specific diet determined by its energetic needs and alimentary morphology , and possesses feeding preferences and migratory responses to obtain it .
each of the five main large herbivorous mammals of the serengeti has a specific diet determined by its energetic needs and alimentary morphology , and [has] feeding preferences and migratory responses to obtain it .

Otto Weininger , gynaecologist and polemicist , wrote in 1906 that ‘ man possesses sexual organs ; her sexual organs possess woman ’ .
otto weininger , gynaecologist and polemicist , wrote in 1906 that ‘ man [has] sexual organs ; her sexual organs possess woman ’ .

No administrator possesses the material , time or vision to operate in the way postulated by Simon .
no administrator [has] the material , time or vision to operate in the way postulated by simon .

His other great interest was in climbing , especially in the Alps ; a subsidiary peak on the Matterhorn is named after him , and the Zermatt museum possesses his ice-axe and his signature ( and those of other Victorian intellectuals ) in old visitors ' books .
his other great interest was in climbing , especially in the alps ; a subsidiary peak on the matterhorn is named after him , and the zermatt museum [has] his ice-axe and his signature ( and those of other victorian intellectuals ) in old visitors ' books .

Medoc believes that a child exists somewhere in secrecy , and that it possesses the ancient wolfblood .
medoc believes that a child exists somewhere in secrecy , and that it [has] the ancient wolfblood .

Who possesses the credibility to train future teachers and teacher trainers ?
who [has] the credibility to train future teachers and teacher trainers ?

This is a special ‘ sticky slash ’ that is much more upright than the normal character — it also possesses the power to automatically kern characters on either side of it .
this is a special ‘ sticky slash ’ that is much more upright than the normal character — it also [has] the power to automatically kern characters on either side of it .

This can only occur if the superior initially possesses the authority to delegate , ie a subordinate can not be given organisational authority to make decisions unless it would otherwise be the superior 's right to make those decisions .
this can only occur if the superior initially [has] the authority to delegate , ie a subordinate can not be given organisational authority to make decisions unless it would otherwise be the superior 's right to make those decisions .

The oil of rhodium possesses peculiar properties : all animals cherish a fondness for it and it exercises a subduing influence over them .
the oil of rhodium [has] peculiar properties : all animals cherish a fondness for it and it exercises a subduing influence over them .

The Law Commission nevertheless recommended the retention of the offence for use against fighting , principally because of the procedural advantages that the offence possesses for the prosecutor .
the law commission nevertheless recommended the retention of the offence for use against fighting , principally because of the procedural advantages that the offence [has] for the prosecutor .

The relation of information in a particular discourse to information which the subject already possesses about the discourse topic has also been investigated in memory studies .
the relation of information in a particular discourse to information which the subject already [has] about the discourse topic has also been investigated in memory studies .

Instead of resulting from a successful use of pressure by a group on a reluctant government , the relationship derives from the government 's need for specialized information which the group possesses and its co-operation in the eventual implementation of policy .
instead of resulting from a successful use of pressure by a group on a reluctant government , the relationship derives from the government 's need for specialized information which the group [has] and its co-operation in the eventual implementation of policy .

This relates to whether the oversight unit possesses final decision-making authority and is held primarily accountable for decisions .
this relates to whether the oversight unit [has] final decision-making authority and is held primarily accountable for decisions .

Once he is able to execute a few of them , he tests them on a punching-bag , which will give him an indication of the impact power each technique possesses .
once he is able to execute a few of them , he tests them on a punching-bag , which will give him an indication of the impact power each technique [has] .

From upwards the flute possesses a clear bright tone and considerable penetrating power .
from upwards the flute [has] a clear bright tone and considerable penetrating power .

This is a double-reed instrument which possesses a penetrating , rather nasal tone which , however , is capable of great musical expression in the hands of a sensitive artist .
this is a double-reed instrument which [has] a penetrating , rather nasal tone which , however , is capable of great musical expression in the hands of a sensitive artist .

Its part is non-transposing and it possesses a compass of three octaves : .
its part is non-transposing and it [has] a compass of three octaves : .

It possesses a complete chromatic scale between these two notes .
it [has] a complete chromatic scale between these two notes .

It is non-transposing and possesses a complete chromatic scale .
it is non-transposing and [has] a complete chromatic scale .

This instrument possesses a keyboard similar to that of the piano , by means of which hammers are caused to strike steel bars .
this instrument [has] a keyboard similar to that of the piano , by means of which hammers are caused to strike steel bars .

Marram grass possesses a deep and branching root system , which effectively binds the dune together , while the plant itself encourages further accumulation of sand .
marram grass [has] a deep and branching root system , which effectively binds the dune together , while the plant itself encourages further accumulation of sand .

It could even all be molten if Mercury possesses a powerful source of internal heating , and this would certainly remove some of the mystery surrounding the dipole field 's origin .
it could even all be molten if mercury [has] a powerful source of internal heating , and this would certainly remove some of the mystery surrounding the dipole field 's origin .

Jesus is still King of Kings , Lord of Lords , unique in the person that He is , unique in the authority that He possesses .
jesus is still king of kings , lord of lords , unique in the person that he is , unique in the authority that he [has] .

30 ) , another mosaic with a saltire arrangement , also possesses a central square with high quality figural work .
30 ) , another mosaic with a saltire arrangement , also [has] a central square with high quality figural work .

The Chedworth mosaic also possesses an outer border of continuous swastika meander .
the chedworth mosaic also [has] an outer border of continuous swastika meander .

Although a very elaborate and well executed mosaic however , the saltire pavement — which in one form or another possesses most of the motifs typical of this integral group — is certainly not an isolated example of such richness .
although a very elaborate and well executed mosaic however , the saltire pavement — which in one form or another [has] most of the motifs typical of this integral group — is certainly not an isolated example of such richness .

It also possesses a circular wreath as one of its concentric bands , and the spandrels of the arrangement are filled with graceful acanthus sprays .
it also [has] a circular wreath as one of its concentric bands , and the spandrels of the arrangement are filled with graceful acanthus sprays .

69 ) is octagonal and possesses eight compartments .
69 ) is octagonal and [has] eight compartments .

In addition , of course , each metaphor possesses an immediate , local value , in the creation and maintenance of the people 's world view , and enriching the texture of the novel .
in addition , of course , each metaphor [has] an immediate , local value , in the creation and maintenance of the people 's world view , and enriching the texture of the novel .

Thus `` obscene `` , in law , has a very different , and very much stronger , meaning than it possesses in colloquial usage .
thus `` obscene `` , in law , has a very different , and very much stronger , meaning than it [has] in colloquial usage .

He may then become fully aware of any physical , social or educational disadvantages he possesses .
he may then become fully aware of any physical , social or educational disadvantages he [has] .

It is easy to forget that Byrd 's music possesses a chronology no less than Bach 's or Beethoven 's , and that chronology makes a solid basis for good programming .
it is easy to forget that byrd 's music [has] a chronology no less than bach 's or beethoven 's , and that chronology makes a solid basis for good programming .

The lithosphere possesses a certain degree of rigidity so that the mass of any load ( such as an ice sheet ) placed on it is supported over a greater area than that covered by the load itself .
the lithosphere [has] a certain degree of rigidity so that the mass of any load ( such as an ice sheet ) placed on it is supported over a greater area than that covered by the load itself .

All substances contain various amounts of energy within their chemical structures in rather the same way that the ball in Figure 6.4 possesses a potential energy proportional to its height above some datum .
all substances contain various amounts of energy within their chemical structures in rather the same way that the ball in figure 6.4 [has] a potential energy proportional to its height above some datum .

Librarians are increasingly defining the requirements for a new type of employee within ‘ converging ’ information services , who possesses the best qualities of current professionals in both organisations .
librarians are increasingly defining the requirements for a new type of employee within ‘ converging ’ information services , who [has] the best qualities of current professionals in both organisations .

Thanks to the solution of the problems of atomic weight and valency ( the number of links the atom of an element possesses with other atoms ) , the atomic theory , somewhat neglected after its flowering in the early nineteenth century , came into its own again after 1860 , and simultaneously technology in the shape of the spectroscope ( 1859 ) allowed various new elements to be discovered .
thanks to the solution of the problems of atomic weight and valency ( the number of links the atom of an element [has] with other atoms ) , the atomic theory , somewhat neglected after its flowering in the early nineteenth century , came into its own again after 1860 , and simultaneously technology in the shape of the spectroscope ( 1859 ) allowed various new elements to be discovered .

At first blush the analysis outlined above possesses considerable intuitive appeal , but the further one delves into the arguments that lie at its core , the more profoundly disturbing are its conclusions .
at first blush the analysis outlined above [has] considerable intuitive appeal , but the further one delves into the arguments that lie at its core , the more profoundly disturbing are its conclusions .

Dounreay was chosen because it possesses cable links to the national grid and a suitable coastal site .
dounreay was chosen because it [has] cable links to the national grid and a suitable coastal site .

It possesses no clear Coda , no signal that the events of the narrative are over and the narrator is , so to speak , giving up the floor .
it [has] no clear coda , no signal that the events of the narrative are over and the narrator is , so to speak , giving up the floor .

Plural in form signifying not `` gods `` , but the One who completely possesses all the divine attributes .
plural in form signifying not `` gods `` , but the one who completely [has] all the divine attributes .

Like moss , they had no roots , but when their stems are carefully prepared and examined under the microscope , they are seen to contain structures that no moss possesses — long , thick-walled cells for conducting water up the stem .
like moss , they had no roots , but when their stems are carefully prepared and examined under the microscope , they are seen to contain structures that no moss [has] — long , thick-walled cells for conducting water up the stem .

The amphiuma , from the same part of the world , still possesses all four of its limbs but they are so minuscule that you have to look very carefully if you are not to miss them .
the amphiuma , from the same part of the world , still [has] all four of its limbs but they are so minuscule that you have to look very carefully if you are not to miss them .

Explanations which are produced in order to demonstrate that the speaker possesses a particular piece of knowledge have a displaying function .
explanations which are produced in order to demonstrate that the speaker [has] a particular piece of knowledge have a displaying function .

The choice of dimensions appropriate to a quantum mechanical problem will depend on the number of independent possibilities the system possesses .
the choice of dimensions appropriate to a quantum mechanical problem will depend on the number of independent possibilities the system [has] .

Such power as it possesses is qualitative rather than quantitative .
such power as it [has] is qualitative rather than quantitative .

He then asks " how should one recognise authority ? " and answers that " degrees only prove knowledge ; look among those who really love art and literature " , and he goes on to conclude : " The artist , if he really is an artist , possesses absolute value which he can not lose : the man of science , once refuted or superseded , retains no absolute but only an historical importance . "
he then asks " how should one recognise authority ? " and answers that " degrees only prove knowledge ; look among those who really love art and literature " , and he goes on to conclude : " the artist , if he really is an artist , [has] absolute value which he can not lose : the man of science , once refuted or superseded , retains no absolute but only an historical importance . "

Architect Robert Luna 's remodelling of the second floor possesses a few postmodern touches here and there , such as angular cutouts in gallery walls , but it is otherwise a straightforward design in which many of the massive spaces remain daunting for viewer and smaller artworks alike .
architect robert luna 's remodelling of the second floor [has] a few postmodern touches here and there , such as angular cutouts in gallery walls , but it is otherwise a straightforward design in which many of the massive spaces remain daunting for viewer and smaller artworks alike .

Neither do feelings of ‘ having too much to get through ’ relate to the number of children the housewife has , or to the kind of aids and amenities she possesses .
neither do feelings of ‘ having too much to get through ’ relate to the number of children the housewife has , or to the kind of aids and amenities she [has] .

However , handwriting recognition has attracted far less research investment than speech , possibly due to the less ’ glamorous ’ image it possesses .
however , handwriting recognition has attracted far less research investment than speech , possibly due to the less ’ glamorous ’ image it [has] .

If the family can be said to perform functions for the society of which it is a part , it performs these functions indirectly ( that is , through the individuals who , as adults , move out of their own families of origin and form families of procreation ) , and possesses a certain degree of latitude as to the performance of these functions .
if the family can be said to perform functions for the society of which it is a part , it performs these functions indirectly ( that is , through the individuals who , as adults , move out of their own families of origin and form families of procreation ) , and [has] a certain degree of latitude as to the performance of these functions .

With the power to select between policy alternatives ; with direct authority over his department and some , although not all , of the component parts of the system of criminal justice , but exercising strong influence over other parts ; the Home Secretary still possesses unmatched opportunities for individual decision making .
with the power to select between policy alternatives ; with direct authority over his department and some , although not all , of the component parts of the system of criminal justice , but exercising strong influence over other parts ; the home secretary still [has] unmatched opportunities for individual decision making .

If one possesses some which are at or near the high ' earning period one must plan in the realization that the high earning period is not likely to continue indefinitely .
if one [has] some which are at or near the high ' earning period one must plan in the realization that the high earning period is not likely to continue indefinitely .

Furthermore , because of this distrust of abstraction the conservative ‘ neither understands those spontaneous forces on which a policy of freedom relies nor possesses a basis for formulating principles of policy ’ .
furthermore , because of this distrust of abstraction the conservative ‘ neither understands those spontaneous forces on which a policy of freedom relies nor [has] a basis for formulating principles of policy ’ .

New political conventions have arisen to meet the wants of a new time , the general tendency of which has been ‘ to increase the power of any party which possesses a parliamentary majority ’ and ‘ to place the control of legislation , and indeed the whole government of the country , in the hands of the Cabinet ’ .
new political conventions have arisen to meet the wants of a new time , the general tendency of which has been ‘ to increase the power of any party which [has] a parliamentary majority ’ and ‘ to place the control of legislation , and indeed the whole government of the country , in the hands of the cabinet ’ .

It is generally agreed that Japan possesses many of the institutional characteristics of other capitalist societies , but these institutions do not produce the same degree of impersonal alienation because subordinates are regularly consulted and authority is ‘ soft ’ and legitimate .
it is generally agreed that japan [has] many of the institutional characteristics of other capitalist societies , but these institutions do not produce the same degree of impersonal alienation because subordinates are regularly consulted and authority is ‘ soft ’ and legitimate .

The ability to display information in the form of characters , including both numbers and letters , graphs of various kinds and even crude pictures , is one of the most powerful talents that the micro possesses .
the ability to display information in the form of characters , including both numbers and letters , graphs of various kinds and even crude pictures , is one of the most powerful talents that the micro [has] .

Examples 2.7.5 In examples 2.7.2 parts ( ii ) to ( iv ) , ρ is commutative in parts ( iv ) and ( vi ) , is associative in ( iv ) , ( v ) and ( vi ) and possesses identity elements in ( iv ) , ( v ) and ( vi ) .
examples 2.7.5 in examples 2.7.2 parts ( ii ) to ( iv ) , ρ is commutative in parts ( iv ) and ( vi ) , is associative in ( iv ) , ( v ) and ( vi ) and [has] identity elements in ( iv ) , ( v ) and ( vi ) .

But it is quite another thing to go on to suggest that such a minority therefore possesses no political rights , or should be deprived of those which it holds equally with all other citizens .
but it is quite another thing to go on to suggest that such a minority therefore [has] no political rights , or should be deprived of those which it holds equally with all other citizens .

Thus , in many Apterygota , the Blattids , the Isoptera and many immature forms the meso- and metathorax each possesses an acrotergite but no postnotum .
thus , in many apterygota , the blattids , the isoptera and many immature forms the meso- and metathorax each [has] an acrotergite but no postnotum .

This is not to assert , certainly , that there exists some entity , outside an experience or episode , which experiences or possesses it .
this is not to assert , certainly , that there exists some entity , outside an experience or episode , which experiences or [has] it .

However , despite recognising this fundamental general and continuing character which it possesses , we can nevertheless identify specific vehicles , or agencies of socialisation .
however , despite recognising this fundamental general and continuing character which it [has] , we can nevertheless identify specific vehicles , or agencies of socialisation .

Americans were among the first to collect Monet , and Boston , where this show originated , possesses more examples of his work than any other city except Paris .
americans were among the first to collect monet , and boston , where this show originated , [has] more examples of his work than any other city except paris .

In essence , therefore , a trustee or personal representative may deal , notwithstanding the fact that he possesses unpublished price sensitive information relating to the securities in which he deals , if he acts with propriety by first obtaining proper advice .
in essence , therefore , a trustee or personal representative may deal , notwithstanding the fact that he [has] unpublished price sensitive information relating to the securities in which he deals , if he acts with propriety by first obtaining proper advice .

Stainforth 's success rests on three qualities he possesses in abundance .
stainforth 's success rests on three qualities he [has] in abundance .

Although there are no apparent rhyming schemes there is a regularity in the number of syllables each line possesses throughout the whole piece of work making it easy to read and , again , rhythmical .
although there are no apparent rhyming schemes there is a regularity in the number of syllables each line [has] throughout the whole piece of work making it easy to read and , again , rhythmical .

Left in such lofty heights here the poem would be expected to end but ‘ The Garden ’ possesses a realism which is not found in Marlowe .
left in such lofty heights here the poem would be expected to end but ‘ the garden ’ [has] a realism which is not found in marlowe .

Satan possesses many of the qualities found in conventional epic heroes in his struggle against overbearing , opposing forces while building up new cities in place of lost ones and in his determination to regain as much as possible from the debris into which he has fallen .
satan [has] many of the qualities found in conventional epic heroes in his struggle against overbearing , opposing forces while building up new cities in place of lost ones and in his determination to regain as much as possible from the debris into which he has fallen .

Milton has already dispelled our traditional view of an awesome , bestial figure , in favour of one who possesses a destroyed beauty .
milton has already dispelled our traditional view of an awesome , bestial figure , in favour of one who [has] a destroyed beauty .

This obstinacy she possesses springs from her father 's character .
this obstinacy she [has] springs from her father 's character .

Today it possesses a distinguished staff , many with international reputations , closely involved in postgraduate education and the advancement of legal knowledge .
today it [has] a distinguished staff , many with international reputations , closely involved in postgraduate education and the advancement of legal knowledge .

Particular strengths are History of Musical Instruments ( the University possesses two outstanding collections of historical instruments ) , Opera , Music theory , Electronic and Computer Music ( there is a well-equipped electronic studio ) , Performance Practice .
particular strengths are history of musical instruments ( the university [has] two outstanding collections of historical instruments ) , opera , music theory , electronic and computer music ( there is a well-equipped electronic studio ) , performance practice .

The Institute possesses a wide range of data logging , micro- and mini-computing equipment and has access to the computing facilities of the Edinburgh University Computing Service and to national and international networks .
the institute [has] a wide range of data logging , micro- and mini-computing equipment and has access to the computing facilities of the edinburgh university computing service and to national and international networks .

Edinburgh has long had a tradition of study of South Asia and also possesses comparatively rich library and archive resources in the University Library ( including New College Library ) , the School of Scottish Studies , the National Library of Scotland and the National Record Office .
edinburgh has long had a tradition of study of south asia and also [has] comparatively rich library and archive resources in the university library ( including new college library ) , the school of scottish studies , the national library of scotland and the national record office .

It possesses a wealth of adaptive possibilities which only required the evolution of an adaptive , intelligent brain to be realized .
it [has] a wealth of adaptive possibilities which only required the evolution of an adaptive , intelligent brain to be realized .

The reason for this is easily appreciated ; it originates in the widely known fact that the superego ( and , to a lesser extent the ego ) possesses the notable psychological property of being — figuratively speaking — partly soluble in alcohol !
the reason for this is easily appreciated ; it originates in the widely known fact that the superego ( and , to a lesser extent the ego ) [has] the notable psychological property of being — figuratively speaking — partly soluble in alcohol !

The School possesses a number of specialist farms on the Bush Estate , where ten different research institutions share the unique facilities of the Edinburgh Centre of Rural Economy , a 1,000 hectare ‘ agricultural science park ’ just south of Edinburgh .
the school [has] a number of specialist farms on the bush estate , where ten different research institutions share the unique facilities of the edinburgh centre of rural economy , a 1,000 hectare ‘ agricultural science park ’ just south of edinburgh .

It also possesses relative autonomy , however , when they are not .
it also [has] relative autonomy , however , when they are not .

the internally oriented bourgeoisie possesses an objective interest in wage-led rather than externally-determined demand for its products … productivity increases will extend workers ' consumption into new commodities that were once considered luxury goods ( motorcycles , housing materials , and small appliances ) , which in turn will provide new areas of investment for the indigenous bourgeoisie .
the internally oriented bourgeoisie [has] an objective interest in wage-led rather than externally-determined demand for its products … productivity increases will extend workers ' consumption into new commodities that were once considered luxury goods ( motorcycles , housing materials , and small appliances ) , which in turn will provide new areas of investment for the indigenous bourgeoisie .

But it could be argued that she has been placed in a high turn-over establishment because she possesses an authoritarian style of leadership .
but it could be argued that she has been placed in a high turn-over establishment because she [has] an authoritarian style of leadership .

Central Government possesses a number of mechanisms for evaluating the efficiency and effectiveness of the services for which it is responsible .
central government [has] a number of mechanisms for evaluating the efficiency and effectiveness of the services for which it is responsible .

The most important of the new parameters is the so-called ‘ structural effect ’ which is related to the number of degrees of freedom ‘ 3 c ’ which a molecule possesses , divided by the number of external contacts q .
the most important of the new parameters is the so-called ‘ structural effect ’ which is related to the number of degrees of freedom ‘ 3 c ’ which a molecule [has] , divided by the number of external contacts q .

If a chain possesses large pendant groups , these will increase the rigidity but also increase the difficulty of close packing to form a crystalline array .
if a chain [has] large pendant groups , these will increase the rigidity but also increase the difficulty of close packing to form a crystalline array .

Thus the Avrami exponent is the sum of the order of the rate process and the number of dimensions the morphological unit possesses .
thus the avrami exponent is the sum of the order of the rate process and the number of dimensions the morphological unit [has] .

This means that a single polymer chain possesses a wide distribution of relaxation times .
this means that a single polymer chain [has] a wide distribution of relaxation times .

The great length of wing which this bird possesses , admirably adapts it for inhabiting such a country as the far interior is generally imagined to be … ’
the great length of wing which this bird [has] , admirably adapts it for inhabiting such a country as the far interior is generally imagined to be … ’

Although most of the great churches and cathedrals of this area suffered greatly from damage inflicted in the Second World War , the region still possesses some impressive examples of German Romanesque architecture .
although most of the great churches and cathedrals of this area suffered greatly from damage inflicted in the second world war , the region still [has] some impressive examples of german romanesque architecture .

The cathedral possesses some fine capitals and sculpture .
the cathedral [has] some fine capitals and sculpture .

Viborg Cathedral , though still on original lines , is extensively restored and so possesses that machine finished appearance typical of Scandinavian nineteenth century work .
viborg cathedral , though still on original lines , is extensively restored and so [has] that machine finished appearance typical of scandinavian nineteenth century work .

Despite some later rebuilding it still possesses much work from the oldest stave church in Norway .
despite some later rebuilding it still [has] much work from the oldest stave church in norway .

England possesses many such houses from the fifteenth and early sixteenth centuries , built in different materials ; stone , brick or half-timber .
england [has] many such houses from the fifteenth and early sixteenth centuries , built in different materials ; stone , brick or half-timber .

Consequently , unlike Germany , France and Italy , who lost such a wealth of their Medieval timber framed buildings , England still possesses a fair number .
consequently , unlike germany , france and italy , who lost such a wealth of their medieval timber framed buildings , england still [has] a fair number .

No other country in such a small area possesses as rich a heritage of this type of work from such an early date .
no other country in such a small area [has] as rich a heritage of this type of work from such an early date .

Heidelberg possesses some of these , but most of the work here is of a later date or has been replaced .
heidelberg [has] some of these , but most of the work here is of a later date or has been replaced .

The chief city was Prague which , despite energetic later construction in the Baroque form , still possesses much of its Gothic heritage .
the chief city was prague which , despite energetic later construction in the baroque form , still [has] much of its gothic heritage .

Znojmo , which is a town listed as an ancient monument , needs a good deal of restoration but its town hall of 1445 still possesses its tall , elegant steeple .
znojmo , which is a town listed as an ancient monument , needs a good deal of restoration but its town hall of 1445 still [has] its tall , elegant steeple .

Despite the distance from the centres of European culture , the inhospitable climate and the small population of barely a quarter of a million , Finland possesses , apart from one Medieval cathedral , a number of large churches .
despite the distance from the centres of european culture , the inhospitable climate and the small population of barely a quarter of a million , finland [has] , apart from one medieval cathedral , a number of large churches .

’ The title of the book is a translation of this god 's opening words ‘ Parlay Cheval Ole ’ when he ‘ mounts ’ or possesses someone .
’ the title of the book is a translation of this god 's opening words ‘ parlay cheval ole ’ when he ‘ mounts ’ or [has] someone .

The book possesses an appeal which touches readers who , if informed in advance of its provocative politics and disturbing subject-matter , might hurriedly discard it .
the book [has] an appeal which touches readers who , if informed in advance of its provocative politics and disturbing subject-matter , might hurriedly discard it .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that the two essential components for a policy of nuclear deterrence are that one possesses the capability and that a potential enemy does not doubt one 's willingness to use it in order to defend oneself ? Does he agree that a few weasel words in a newspaper do not constitute a policy of nuclear deterrence , particularly when the leader of that party has stated clearly that he would never use nuclear weapons , even if Britain were under nuclear attack ?
does my right hon. friend agree that the two essential components for a policy of nuclear deterrence are that one [has] the capability and that a potential enemy does not doubt one 's willingness to use it in order to defend oneself ? does he agree that a few weasel words in a newspaper do not constitute a policy of nuclear deterrence , particularly when the leader of that party has stated clearly that he would never use nuclear weapons , even if britain were under nuclear attack ?

It is a constituency which possesses the oldest newspaper in Europe .
it is a constituency which [has] the oldest newspaper in europe .

Because Israel did not detonate a weapon prior to 1967 , but currently possesses nuclear weapons , it would be in violation of the treaty if it were a signatory to it and would be legally obliged to destroy its stockpile and to end its nuclear programme .
because israel did not detonate a weapon prior to 1967 , but currently [has] nuclear weapons , it would be in violation of the treaty if it were a signatory to it and would be legally obliged to destroy its stockpile and to end its nuclear programme .

Her claims to be heard are based on her spiritual topic matter and the historical accident that she writes at a time when she believes more has been revealed about the divine and therefore she possesses ‘ more information ’ than previously .
her claims to be heard are based on her spiritual topic matter and the historical accident that she writes at a time when she believes more has been revealed about the divine and therefore she [has] ‘ more information ’ than previously .

Secondly , the advantage that internal organization possesses in certain circumstances turns on its recourse to authority as a means of eliminating information asymmetry or terminating any prolonged wrangling between employees .
secondly , the advantage that internal organization [has] in certain circumstances turns on its recourse to authority as a means of eliminating information asymmetry or terminating any prolonged wrangling between employees .

The underlying pattern is modelled by an independence graph which possesses the remarkable Markov property that any two variables that are not directly connected are independent conditional on only their separating set .
the underlying pattern is modelled by an independence graph which [has] the remarkable markov property that any two variables that are not directly connected are independent conditional on only their separating set .

In this case , domination is regarded as a universal and ineradicable feature of human societies , explained either by innate differences among human beings ( Pareto , 1915–19 ) or by the superior power which an organized minority always possesses in relation to the unorganized majority ( Mosca , 1896 ) , although in Mosca 's work some concession is made to the view that the progress of democracy reduces the gap between rulers and ruled .
in this case , domination is regarded as a universal and ineradicable feature of human societies , explained either by innate differences among human beings ( pareto , 1915–19 ) or by the superior power which an organized minority always [has] in relation to the unorganized majority ( mosca , 1896 ) , although in mosca 's work some concession is made to the view that the progress of democracy reduces the gap between rulers and ruled .

Niskanen assumes that the agency possesses a monopoly advantage : ‘ although the nominal relation of a bureau and its sponsor is that of a bilateral monopoly , the relative incentives and available information , under most conditions , give the bureau the overwhelmingly dominant monopoly power ’ ( Niskanen , 1971 , p. 30 ) .
niskanen assumes that the agency [has] a monopoly advantage : ‘ although the nominal relation of a bureau and its sponsor is that of a bilateral monopoly , the relative incentives and available information , under most conditions , give the bureau the overwhelmingly dominant monopoly power ’ ( niskanen , 1971 , p. 30 ) .

The notion that Germany possesses some magical formula for everlasting material success is deep-rooted and has led to a string of further propositions .
the notion that germany [has] some magical formula for everlasting material success is deep-rooted and has led to a string of further propositions .

It must be stressed , in this connection , that the ‘ poetic ’ text in question is not necessarily a part of what is normally described as poetry , but can be any form of literature that possesses aesthetic or artistic properties .
it must be stressed , in this connection , that the ‘ poetic ’ text in question is not necessarily a part of what is normally described as poetry , but can be any form of literature that [has] aesthetic or artistic properties .

Yet while it seems conceivable that a group of critics , given an adequate degree of historical or philological knowledge , might agree as to which associations are possible in the case of a given word , there is considerable room for disagreement , since every word possesses a very wide range of associations , as to which of these are relevant for the purposes of interpretation .
yet while it seems conceivable that a group of critics , given an adequate degree of historical or philological knowledge , might agree as to which associations are possible in the case of a given word , there is considerable room for disagreement , since every word [has] a very wide range of associations , as to which of these are relevant for the purposes of interpretation .

How much more of the landscape possesses this ancient framework ?
how much more of the landscape [has] this ancient framework ?

The reader can already recognize the cunning nature this complex woman possesses .
the reader can already recognize the cunning nature this complex woman [has] .

In the present study , the thesis has been treated as a quasi-formal entity , which possesses enough attributes of the formal to enable comparisons to be drawn with fully formal conventional publications , such as journal articles , but which also possesses some elements of informal , personal communication , in that it can be regarded as the fulfilment of a one-to-one contract between the researcher and the university .
in the present study , the thesis has been treated as a quasi-formal entity , which [has] enough attributes of the formal to enable comparisons to be drawn with fully formal conventional publications , such as journal articles , but which also [has] some elements of informal , personal communication , in that it can be regarded as the fulfilment of a one-to-one contract between the researcher and the university .

Despite the early successes of restrictive practices legislation in combating collusive agreements , there is now a belief that within the present business climate the legislation possesses fundamental weaknesses .
despite the early successes of restrictive practices legislation in combating collusive agreements , there is now a belief that within the present business climate the legislation [has] fundamental weaknesses .

The first state , called `` potential meaning `` , corresponds to the permanent meaning-capacity which a word or morpheme possesses before it is utilized in any particular situation .
the first state , called `` potential meaning `` , corresponds to the permanent meaning-capacity which a word or morpheme [has] before it is utilized in any particular situation .

Thus in He can sing the incidence of `` sing `` to `` he `` exists as a potential in the present : the person referred to possesses at the present moment the capacity of realizing this action .
thus in he can sing the incidence of `` sing `` to `` he `` exists as a potential in the present : the person referred to [has] at the present moment the capacity of realizing this action .

Gunpowder , blasting powder or black-powder , remained in constant use until replaced by dynamite , which possesses a much greater shattering faculty .
gunpowder , blasting powder or black-powder , remained in constant use until replaced by dynamite , which [has] a much greater shattering faculty .

But there 's no evidence that a penny has been actually paid — or that Varsov International , whose headquarters appear to be somewhere in the Caribbean , even possesses £5 million . ``
but there 's no evidence that a penny has been actually paid — or that varsov international , whose headquarters appear to be somewhere in the caribbean , even [has] £5 million . ``

Any one network junction has topological neighbours , that is , junctions connected to it along a common chain , but it also possesses spatial neighbour junctions — junctions which may in fact be nearer to it in the continuum space but which belong to other chains .
any one network junction has topological neighbours , that is , junctions connected to it along a common chain , but it also [has] spatial neighbour junctions — junctions which may in fact be nearer to it in the continuum space but which belong to other chains .

The sense of solitude and peace that surrounds these poems , where Coleridge is either alone , or with his sleeping baby or wife , in comfortable instances of reflection , and finally harmony , rests in contradiction with not only the vitality but more importantly the terrifying power that Kubla Khan possesses .
the sense of solitude and peace that surrounds these poems , where coleridge is either alone , or with his sleeping baby or wife , in comfortable instances of reflection , and finally harmony , rests in contradiction with not only the vitality but more importantly the terrifying power that kubla khan [has] .

Kubla Khan possesses a great deal of the confidence of Frost at Midnight , but lacks its tranquillity , not only are the creative forces violent :
kubla khan [has] a great deal of the confidence of frost at midnight , but lacks its tranquillity , not only are the creative forces violent :

This model has been well characterised and possesses clinical , biochemical and pathological similarities to colonic Crohn 's disease .
this model has been well characterised and [has] clinical , biochemical and pathological similarities to colonic crohn 's disease .

In Bedford , Bunyan Meeting House still possesses bronze doors of a very high quality and showing scenes from Bunyan 's works .
in bedford , bunyan meeting house still [has] bronze doors of a very high quality and showing scenes from bunyan 's works .

Symmetry thus has focus and possesses an internal force field .
symmetry thus has focus and [has] an internal force field .

His predecessor , Mr Malcolm Rifkind , possesses the toughness and intellect to make a success as Defence Secretary .
his predecessor , mr malcolm rifkind , [has] the toughness and intellect to make a success as defence secretary .

The house is beautifully situate , in its own grounds , on the verge of the Hainault Forest , commanding unrivalled views over the counties of Essex and Kent and possesses all the requisite accommodation for a family of respectability .
the house is beautifully situate , in its own grounds , on the verge of the hainault forest , commanding unrivalled views over the counties of essex and kent and [has] all the requisite accommodation for a family of respectability .

Liberal Democrats start from the belief that every individual , whatever their age , sex , background or ability , possesses a unique potential and a valuable contribution to offer society .
liberal democrats start from the belief that every individual , whatever their age , sex , background or ability , [has] a unique potential and a valuable contribution to offer society .

Does this mean that God is ‘ not in time ’ — an example of the way of negation — or does it , as some have said , mean that all times are somehow ‘ present ’ to God , in which case it might be claimed that God possesses a kind of temporal omnipresence ?
does this mean that god is ‘ not in time ’ — an example of the way of negation — or does it , as some have said , mean that all times are somehow ‘ present ’ to god , in which case it might be claimed that god [has] a kind of temporal omnipresence ?

However , this analogy possesses two serious flaws .
however , this analogy [has] two serious flaws .

Though the above list could be readily expanded no one of course possesses all these virtues .
though the above list could be readily expanded no one of course [has] all these virtues .

This might be because the time-cues are too weak , the transmission of them to the body clock is poor , the clock itself is insensitive to time cues , or it possesses an abnormally long or short free-running period .
this might be because the time-cues are too weak , the transmission of them to the body clock is poor , the clock itself is insensitive to time cues , or it [has] an abnormally long or short free-running period .

The creation of several dwellings within a building previously devoted to one use necessitates the division of the original large single volume of the church interior and the loss of the special qualities of light , spaciousness and acoustics which that large volume possesses .
the creation of several dwellings within a building previously devoted to one use necessitates the division of the original large single volume of the church interior and the loss of the special qualities of light , spaciousness and acoustics which that large volume [has] .

1 seed and three-times world champion , possesses the skill and concentration which enables her to regain form after unexpected defeats .
1 seed and three-times world champion , [has] the skill and concentration which enables her to regain form after unexpected defeats .

Whatever flickerings of potential this young tyro possesses , they can not cover up the fact that he is a painter with the imagination of a retarded adolescent ; no technical mastery ; no intuitive feeling for pictorial space ; no sensitivity towards , or grasp of , tradition ; and a colour sense rather less than that of Congo , the chimpanzee who was taught ( among other things ) a crude responsiveness to colour harmonies by Desmond Morris in the late 1950s .
whatever flickerings of potential this young tyro [has] , they can not cover up the fact that he is a painter with the imagination of a retarded adolescent ; no technical mastery ; no intuitive feeling for pictorial space ; no sensitivity towards , or grasp of , tradition ; and a colour sense rather less than that of congo , the chimpanzee who was taught ( among other things ) a crude responsiveness to colour harmonies by desmond morris in the late 1950s .

The personality with which Braque invests his jug is something that the jug possesses in its own right .
the personality with which braque invests his jug is something that the jug [has] in its own right .

We have then reached the absurd position that nothing in the world possesses a knowable intrinsic or qualitative nature , for all properties are essentially relational .
we have then reached the absurd position that nothing in the world [has] a knowable intrinsic or qualitative nature , for all properties are essentially relational .

In addition , it often seems that police culture possesses a dramaturgical or melodramatic inflexion , as the increasingly autocratic operational style is brought to bear in contests with new generations of dissenting workers , political radicals , and the largely dispossessed criminal underclass .
in addition , it often seems that police culture [has] a dramaturgical or melodramatic inflexion , as the increasingly autocratic operational style is brought to bear in contests with new generations of dissenting workers , political radicals , and the largely dispossessed criminal underclass .

Partners , lovers and business associates alike are behaving like things possesses , and harping endlessly on about who earns what or owns what .
partners , lovers and business associates alike are behaving like things [has] , and harping endlessly on about who earns what or owns what .

The Anglican Church in Wales possesses a remarkable number of medieval churches .
the anglican church in wales [has] a remarkable number of medieval churches .

But as he proved at Knowsley Road on Sunday , although he may have descended into relative obscurity he still possesses exceptional powers of motivation , with his Dewsbury side producing the most impressive performance of the Regal Trophy so far .
but as he proved at knowsley road on sunday , although he may have descended into relative obscurity he still [has] exceptional powers of motivation , with his dewsbury side producing the most impressive performance of the regal trophy so far .

The piste groomers work around the clock to grind up the snow which , because it possesses a denser molecular structure than the real thing , compacts easily into ice .
the piste groomers work around the clock to grind up the snow which , because it [has] a denser molecular structure than the real thing , compacts easily into ice .

It had once been the great hall of the castle , and is among the fairest buildings of the twelfth century which Britain possesses .
it had once been the great hall of the castle , and is among the fairest buildings of the twelfth century which britain [has] .

But look at the effective freedom which a Chancellor of the Exchequer possesses to make major alterations over a comparatively short span of time in the methods by which a given amount of revenue is raised .
but look at the effective freedom which a chancellor of the exchequer [has] to make major alterations over a comparatively short span of time in the methods by which a given amount of revenue is raised .

Canada similarly depends greatly on railways , has widely separated confines and high latitudes , but possesses a very different socio-economic and political system .
canada similarly depends greatly on railways , has widely separated confines and high latitudes , but [has] a very different socio-economic and political system .

Viewed from the late twentieth century and the widespread acceptance of the ‘ two cultures ’ , the search for affinities between art and science possesses particular significance for the historian .
viewed from the late twentieth century and the widespread acceptance of the ‘ two cultures ’ , the search for affinities between art and science [has] particular significance for the historian .

Is it defined in terms of the sexuality of ( say ) the individual or artist who expresses or possesses it — and does that mean that no nonhomosexual can possess/express it ?
is it defined in terms of the sexuality of ( say ) the individual or artist who expresses or [has] it — and does that mean that no nonhomosexual can possess/express it ?

Obviously , it is essential that the analyst possesses the skill and experience to recognise a failure of the analytical system .
obviously , it is essential that the analyst [has] the skill and experience to recognise a failure of the analytical system .

Hendry also possesses a greater range than Davis , who may be hamstrung by his reluctance to take on long pots .
hendry also [has] a greater range than davis , who may be hamstrung by his reluctance to take on long pots .

Baseball in Boston possesses the elements of Homeric tragedy ; for 73 years lofty aspirations and noble skills have brought the cup of ultimate triumph close to the lips of the Old Towne team — but not once have they downed the draught .
baseball in boston [has] the elements of homeric tragedy ; for 73 years lofty aspirations and noble skills have brought the cup of ultimate triumph close to the lips of the old towne team — but not once have they downed the draught .

‘ Get Out And Get 'Em Boy ’ still possesses a rare , blistering energy and like the very best records , it has hardly dated .
‘ get out and get 'em boy ’ still [has] a rare , blistering energy and like the very best records , it has hardly dated .

He votes Labour but possesses many of the entrepreneurial traits so valued by the Conservative party .
he votes labour but [has] many of the entrepreneurial traits so valued by the conservative party .

Lewis certainly possesses the physical attributes for the task in hand .
lewis certainly [has] the physical attributes for the task in hand .

Only the male possesses full or complete human nature .
only the male [has] full or complete human nature .

No other country in Europe possesses this sharp division between two sides of the same industry .
no other country in europe [has] this sharp division between two sides of the same industry .

It possesses a cross-cambered upper surface to create a pleasing ripple effect on the roof , and its edges are rounded for ease of handling and to reduce on-site chipping .
it [has] a cross-cambered upper surface to create a pleasing ripple effect on the roof , and its edges are rounded for ease of handling and to reduce on-site chipping .

Life itself added the boldest brush strokes and when , finally , he , Jack Nicholson in person , confronts the world , there is the most awesome feeling of encountering a man of unquestionable charm , intelligence and friendship , yet who possesses an indefinable menace that can only be compared with some of the roles he has acted .
life itself added the boldest brush strokes and when , finally , he , jack nicholson in person , confronts the world , there is the most awesome feeling of encountering a man of unquestionable charm , intelligence and friendship , yet who [has] an indefinable menace that can only be compared with some of the roles he has acted .

Svidrigailov possesses a body , and destroys it .
svidrigailov [has] a body , and destroys it .

Shakespearan drama is usually thought of as the embodiment of a truly popular art , whatever ‘ bourgeois ’ or aristocratic dimensions it also possesses .
shakespearan drama is usually thought of as the embodiment of a truly popular art , whatever ‘ bourgeois ’ or aristocratic dimensions it also [has] .

‘ Literary sensibility ’ is easier to recognize than to define , but it is analogous to having an unusually good ear for music , and has something in common with the creative faculty , even when the critic who possesses it is not an imaginative writer .
‘ literary sensibility ’ is easier to recognize than to define , but it is analogous to having an unusually good ear for music , and has something in common with the creative faculty , even when the critic who [has] it is not an imaginative writer .

Of the plebeian female poets of the period , Mary Leapor possesses the most writerly oeuvre . Hers is also the body of work most easily assimilable to what we commonly describe today as ‘ radical feminism , ’ with its polemics against patriarchy , male violence , and heterosexist containments of economies of desire
of the plebeian female poets of the period , mary leapor [has] the most writerly oeuvre . hers is also the body of work most easily assimilable to what we commonly describe today as ‘ radical feminism , ’ with its polemics against patriarchy , male violence , and heterosexist containments of economies of desire

Unmitigated infantile anger , and subsequent envy of what the other possesses , has a murderous quality .
unmitigated infantile anger , and subsequent envy of what the other [has] , has a murderous quality .

Baldersdale possesses another significant factor — it is a closed place .
baldersdale [has] another significant factor — it is a closed place .

One day , illness , or the realization that she no longer possesses the strength to cope with the unremitting hardships of a stock farm and the 365-days-a-year toil , will force her to leave .
one day , illness , or the realization that she no longer [has] the strength to cope with the unremitting hardships of a stock farm and the 365-days-a-year toil , will force her to leave .

Hannah Hauxwell possesses an unusual sensitivity for one who was reared to the truly spartan life of an isolated dale in the thirties and forties when sheer hardship invariably deadened any aesthetic tendencies .
hannah hauxwell [has] an unusual sensitivity for one who was reared to the truly spartan life of an isolated dale in the thirties and forties when sheer hardship invariably deadened any aesthetic tendencies .

Hannah clearly possesses a unique quality which gives her a remarkable perspective of the very fabric of Baldersdale .
hannah clearly [has] a unique quality which gives her a remarkable perspective of the very fabric of baldersdale .

She also possesses poetic talents .
she also [has] poetic talents .

It possesses the ability to fly whereas you can not .
it [has] the ability to fly whereas you can not .

East of Manningtree on the Stour estuary , this village possesses a fine range of maltings built in the nineteenth century .
east of manningtree on the stour estuary , this village [has] a fine range of maltings built in the nineteenth century .

Although he suggests that the three possibilities need not be mutually exclusive , Baker 's sympathies clearly lie with the last of these ; but many scientists still need convincing that man can make use of a built-in magnetic compass , even if he possesses one .
although he suggests that the three possibilities need not be mutually exclusive , baker 's sympathies clearly lie with the last of these ; but many scientists still need convincing that man can make use of a built-in magnetic compass , even if he [has] one .

The smallest of the species , the pink fairy armadillo , possesses one of the most extraordinary rumps in the animal kingdom .
the smallest of the species , the pink fairy armadillo , [has] one of the most extraordinary rumps in the animal kingdom .

The toad possesses a dangerous poison in its large warts .
the toad [has] a dangerous poison in its large warts .

It possesses a large number of small but very sharp teeth and can inflict a painful bite if given half a chance .
it [has] a large number of small but very sharp teeth and can inflict a painful bite if given half a chance .

Apart from her exercise books Alice possesses just two textbooks , an English and a Mathematics reader .
apart from her exercise books alice [has] just two textbooks , an english and a mathematics reader .

The human mind possesses a special mechanism to shut off feelings of overpowering grief , leaving the bereaved person in a state of numbness and shock , until they are ready to cope with what has happened .
the human mind [has] a special mechanism to shut off feelings of overpowering grief , leaving the bereaved person in a state of numbness and shock , until they are ready to cope with what has happened .

The Wells Report went further , in its consciousness of the need to raise and maintain academic standards , stating that : ‘ No person shall be eligible to become a chartered surveyor unless he possesses the necessary academic qualifications and has acquired a practical knowledge of surveying … .
the wells report went further , in its consciousness of the need to raise and maintain academic standards , stating that : ‘ no person shall be eligible to become a chartered surveyor unless he [has] the necessary academic qualifications and has acquired a practical knowledge of surveying … .

Unlike a company , a partnership possesses no legal personality separate from the partners that comprise it .
unlike a company , a partnership [has] no legal personality separate from the partners that comprise it .

Once the formalities are completed and a certificate issued , the company ( public or private ) possesses a legal personality of its own , distinct from its membership .
once the formalities are completed and a certificate issued , the company ( public or private ) [has] a legal personality of its own , distinct from its membership .

If you think white water rodeo paddling is all butch men with bravado and biceps then think again ! Lesley Faragher is Britain 's top lady rodeo star yet is decidedly feminine , quiet , petite and at the same time of writing possesses the warm glow as an expectant mother .
if you think white water rodeo paddling is all butch men with bravado and biceps then think again ! lesley faragher is britain 's top lady rodeo star yet is decidedly feminine , quiet , petite and at the same time of writing [has] the warm glow as an expectant mother .

But within the fields of the subtle tattwas comprising the inner energetic format , matrix or tapestry which makes each creature what it is , each one also possesses subtle perceptive abilities , just as we do .
but within the fields of the subtle tattwas comprising the inner energetic format , matrix or tapestry which makes each creature what it is , each one also [has] subtle perceptive abilities , just as we do .

When looking directly ahead , man possesses only 180° vision .
when looking directly ahead , man [has] only 180° vision .

The pistol shrimp possesses one of nature 's most innovative designs .
the pistol shrimp [has] one of nature 's most innovative designs .

No other creature possesses this akashic integration at a mind level and thus no other creature has anything barely resembling our human kind of language structure .
no other creature [has] this akashic integration at a mind level and thus no other creature has anything barely resembling our human kind of language structure .

One could not teach a chimpanzee to grow bananas nor a dolphin to farm fish , for these are quite alien to its mind set and require the foresight , the ability to see and plan ahead , which only man possesses .
one could not teach a chimpanzee to grow bananas nor a dolphin to farm fish , for these are quite alien to its mind set and require the foresight , the ability to see and plan ahead , which only man [has] .

The less the intelligence of a creature , the more instinctive are the behavioural patterns programmed into it and the less it possesses the capacity to learn from experience .
the less the intelligence of a creature , the more instinctive are the behavioural patterns programmed into it and the less it [has] the capacity to learn from experience .

Just as springtime possesses a vibrancy of fresh life unsurpassed by any other season , just so — say the seers — is there an ebb and flow of the Life Force , but spread out over vast aeons of time .
just as springtime [has] a vibrancy of fresh life unsurpassed by any other season , just so — say the seers — is there an ebb and flow of the life force , but spread out over vast aeons of time .

And that is exactly what it sounds like to the new mother , until she is persuaded by others , against every instinct she possesses , that this is ‘ normal ’ or ‘ naughty ’ … .
and that is exactly what it sounds like to the new mother , until she is persuaded by others , against every instinct she [has] , that this is ‘ normal ’ or ‘ naughty ’ … .

The School also possesses the magnificent Duke 's Barn Countryside Centre at Beeley , provided through the generosity of the 11th Duke of Devonshire .
the school also [has] the magnificent duke 's barn countryside centre at beeley , provided through the generosity of the 11th duke of devonshire .

In addition to the ordinary vocal cords , the cat possesses a second pair of structures called vestibular folds , or false vocal cords .
in addition to the ordinary vocal cords , the cat [has] a second pair of structures called vestibular folds , or false vocal cords .

It is necessary for the teacher to ensure that the student can perform any prerequisite skills , can make any discriminations and possesses the concepts and rules required during performance .
it is necessary for the teacher to ensure that the student can perform any prerequisite skills , can make any discriminations and [has] the concepts and rules required during performance .

In spite of its small size , England possesses rich evidence of its history which can be found extensively throughout the country .
in spite of its small size , england [has] rich evidence of its history which can be found extensively throughout the country .

And unless someone possesses unique powers of extrasensory perception which enables him to influence the balls in the caller 's cabinet , character references are strictly irrelevant to the outcome of the jolly game of life in which eyes look down rather than upward for support .
and unless someone [has] unique powers of extrasensory perception which enables him to influence the balls in the caller 's cabinet , character references are strictly irrelevant to the outcome of the jolly game of life in which eyes look down rather than upward for support .

In contrast , the love of Rumi and Ibn' Arabi and Tagore is utterly different . It is more mystical and far more intense and possesses passionate fervour :
in contrast , the love of rumi and ibn' arabi and tagore is utterly different . it is more mystical and far more intense and [has] passionate fervour :

The man of unity possesses no rivals for the very meaning of unity is to be at one with all men and all things .
the man of unity [has] no rivals for the very meaning of unity is to be at one with all men and all things .

He surmised that every bird possesses a form of template upon which it tries different notes until it finds the correct ones .
he surmised that every bird [has] a form of template upon which it tries different notes until it finds the correct ones .

What is most important about the concept of rascuache is that it captures a propensity or an aesthetic , according to Ybarra-Frausto , to persevere and make whatever one possesses , or has at hand , work well together .
what is most important about the concept of rascuache is that it captures a propensity or an aesthetic , according to ybarra-frausto , to persevere and make whatever one [has] , or has at hand , work well together .

For Chicanos , un hombre macho is a man who symbolizes dignity , takes care of his family , has respect for all women , especially his mother , and possesses a strong sense of self-identity and character .
for chicanos , un hombre macho is a man who symbolizes dignity , takes care of his family , has respect for all women , especially his mother , and [has] a strong sense of self-identity and character .

It possesses a celebrated collection of Goya ’ s paintings , including Burial of the Sardine , and a superb self-portrait of the artist in his old age .
it [has] a celebrated collection of goya ’ s paintings , including burial of the sardine , and a superb self-portrait of the artist in his old age .

The State Museum situated on Pantheon Road possesses excellent Buddhist bronzes and a detailed collection of Dravidian sculpture and architecture .
the state museum situated on pantheon road [has] excellent buddhist bronzes and a detailed collection of dravidian sculpture and architecture .

In the southern half of the park , the Musée de Québec possesses a first-rate collection of Québécois painting and sculpture , as well as historic furniture , jewelry , and gold and silver church ornaments .
in the southern half of the park , the musée de québec [has] a first-rate collection of québécois painting and sculpture , as well as historic furniture , jewelry , and gold and silver church ornaments .

Federal mission PP & E includes items used to meet a Federal Government mission in which the specific PP & E used is an integral part of the output of the mission.16 PP & E should be considered Federal mission PP & E if it possesses at least one of each of the two types of characteristics presented below .
federal mission pp & e includes items used to meet a federal government mission in which the specific pp & e used is an integral part of the output of the mission.16 pp & e should be considered federal mission pp & e if it [has] at least one of each of the two types of characteristics presented below .

Use of this concept can be helpful in determining whether an effluent possesses toxicity and in identifying anomalous test results .
use of this concept can be helpful in determining whether an effluent [has] toxicity and in identifying anomalous test results .

Use of this concept can be helpful in determining whether an effluent possesses toxicity and in identifying anomalous test results .
use of this concept can be helpful in determining whether an effluent [has] toxicity and in identifying anomalous test results .

He dismissed Western achievements as entirely material , arguing that Western society possesses `` nothing that will satisfy its own conscience and justify its existence . ''
he dismissed western achievements as entirely material , arguing that western society [has] `` nothing that will satisfy its own conscience and justify its existence . ''

Pakistan possesses nuclear weapons and has come frighteningly close to war with nuclear-armed India over the disputed territory of Kashmir .
pakistan [has] nuclear weapons and has come frighteningly close to war with nuclear-armed india over the disputed territory of kashmir .

The C. briggsae genome sequence suggested that while C. briggsae possesses a similarly large family of F-box proteins , the duplication event giving rise to fog-2 was specific to the C. elegans lineage .
the c. briggsae genome sequence suggested that while c. briggsae [has] a similarly large family of f-box proteins , the duplication event giving rise to fog-2 was specific to the c. elegans lineage .

I genuinely think that each of the top four presidential contenders ( Bradley , McCain , Bush , Gore ) possesses interesting attributes .
i genuinely think that each of the top four presidential contenders ( bradley , mccain , bush , gore ) [has] interesting attributes .

Though Clinton lacks a first-class temperament , he possesses a first-class mind .
though clinton lacks a first-class temperament , he [has] a first-class mind .

Delay , it seems , was able to vector support to Livingston because he possesses the only really up-to-date list of members ' phone numbers and addresses .
delay , it seems , was able to vector support to livingston because he [has] the only really up-to-date list of members ' phone numbers and addresses .

Entertainment Weekly 's Ken Tucker is the lone dissenter , claiming the film possesses an `` irreverent energy and a swaggering style that does its subject proud . ''
entertainment weekly 's ken tucker is the lone dissenter , claiming the film [has] an `` irreverent energy and a swaggering style that does its subject proud . ''

Bacon also possesses second sight , not to mention a compulsion to dig up his backyard following an impromptu hypnosis session at a party .
bacon also [has] second sight , not to mention a compulsion to dig up his backyard following an impromptu hypnosis session at a party .

While Lewis believes Said to be motivated by a crude anti-Western leftist animus , Ahmad finds him altogether too enamored of the canons of European literature and avers that Said possesses `` a very conservative mind , essentially Tory in its structure . ''
while lewis believes said to be motivated by a crude anti-western leftist animus , ahmad finds him altogether too enamored of the canons of european literature and avers that said [has] `` a very conservative mind , essentially tory in its structure . ''

Which of these shows possesses the following qualities ?
which of these shows [has] the following qualities ?

The Shopping Avenger notes that he possesses a great deal of `` décor of personality . ''
the shopping avenger notes that he [has] a great deal of `` décor of personality . ''

Oskar possesses an adult awareness from birth but develops a powerful revulsion against the petit-bourgeois society in which he finds himself , so at the age of 3 he decides to stop growing up .
oskar [has] an adult awareness from birth but develops a powerful revulsion against the petit-bourgeois society in which he finds himself , so at the age of 3 he decides to stop growing up .

I think Slate 's articles are usually insightful , the authors informed , and the viewpoints balanced , but Allen 's article possesses none of these virtues .
i think slate 's articles are usually insightful , the authors informed , and the viewpoints balanced , but allen 's article [has] none of these virtues .

It turns out that the young man who looks as if he walked out of the pages of Crime and Punishment , and who for some unfathomable reason possesses the only key to our new home , is not American but Canadian .
it turns out that the young man who looks as if he walked out of the pages of crime and punishment , and who for some unfathomable reason [has] the only key to our new home , is not american but canadian .

I think ( I hope ) he still may be headed there : the great , corrupting sin in this moral universe seems to be ambition , which Percy clearly possesses .
i think ( i hope ) he still may be headed there : the great , corrupting sin in this moral universe seems to be ambition , which percy clearly [has] .

This is not the same thing as leafing through the Merck Manual and imagining that one possesses every symptom ; rather , it is a measure of Sacks ' imaginative capacity for feeling empathy , and for transmitting the same .
this is not the same thing as leafing through the merck manual and imagining that one [has] every symptom ; rather , it is a measure of sacks ' imaginative capacity for feeling empathy , and for transmitting the same .

Whatever its shortcomings -- and they are many -- only big media possesses the means to consistently hold big business and big government accountable .
whatever its shortcomings -- and they are many -- only big media [has] the means to consistently hold big business and big government accountable .

The Times said that , according to one new security assessment , the IRA possesses at least 1,000 rifles , 500 handguns , 50 heavy machine guns , and 2,600 kilograms of Semtex high explosive .
the times said that , according to one new security assessment , the ira [has] at least 1,000 rifles , 500 handguns , 50 heavy machine guns , and 2,600 kilograms of semtex high explosive .

Early reviews lavished praise on the New York Times `` Foreign Affairs '' columnist 's study of globalization : `` The author uses his skills as a reporter and analyst to conduct a breathtaking tour , one that possesses the exhilarating qualities of flight and the stomach-hollowing ones of free fall '' ( Richard Eder , the New York Times ) .
early reviews lavished praise on the new york times `` foreign affairs '' columnist 's study of globalization : `` the author uses his skills as a reporter and analyst to conduct a breathtaking tour , one that [has] the exhilarating qualities of flight and the stomach-hollowing ones of free fall '' ( richard eder , the new york times ) .

Perhaps the greatest technological feature that Windows possesses is that it can handle programs as old as the first DOS applications .
perhaps the greatest technological feature that windows [has] is that it can handle programs as old as the first dos applications .

The lobby , which is shot in black and white , possesses a grandeur seldom seen today outside beaux-arts train stations .
the lobby , which is shot in black and white , [has] a grandeur seldom seen today outside beaux-arts train stations .

Like paying lip service , making all the right noises possesses just enough color to be memorable and yet not so much color as to cloy .
like paying lip service , making all the right noises [has] just enough color to be memorable and yet not so much color as to cloy .

The older generation , including the rabbi , possesses the old European graces .
the older generation , including the rabbi , [has] the old european graces .

The high honor bestowed upon me is also a recognition of the Yiddish language—a language of exile , without a land , without frontiers , not supported by any government , a language which possesses no words for weapons , ammunition , military exercises , war tactics .
the high honor bestowed upon me is also a recognition of the yiddish language—a language of exile , without a land , without frontiers , not supported by any government , a language which [has] no words for weapons , ammunition , military exercises , war tactics .

It is hardly necessary to add that syllothetics possesses the capacity to transcend logic .
it is hardly necessary to add that syllothetics [has] the capacity to transcend logic .

It is interesting to note that one of the most successful vocabulary books bears the title , It Pays to Increase Your Word Power , that is , not something like “ It Pays to Increase Your Vocabulary. ’ In other words , memorizing a slew of arcane , recondite sesquipedalianisms is not what gives one the edge , it is knowing how to use the language one already possesses .
it is interesting to note that one of the most successful vocabulary books bears the title , it pays to increase your word power , that is , not something like “ it pays to increase your vocabulary. ’ in other words , memorizing a slew of arcane , recondite sesquipedalianisms is not what gives one the edge , it is knowing how to use the language one already [has] .

Before getting into that , I feel compelled to reiterate my perpetual complaint about the prospective users of such books : in order to look something up in a reference book of any kind—dictionary , thesaurus , usage book , encyclopedia—a person must either acknowledge that he does not know something or , at least , have doubts about the information he already possesses .
before getting into that , i feel compelled to reiterate my perpetual complaint about the prospective users of such books : in order to look something up in a reference book of any kind—dictionary , thesaurus , usage book , encyclopedia—a person must either acknowledge that he does not know something or , at least , have doubts about the information he already [has] .

What Henry David possesses remains an enigma .
what henry david [has] remains an enigma .

