They both possess near classic stances , dug in firmly , arms high , set for fierce swings .
they both [have] near classic stances , dug in firmly , arms high , set for fierce swings .

`` Behind that Charlie Chaplin moustache and that truant lock of hair that always covered his forehead , behind the tirades and the sulky silences , the passionate orations and the occasional dull evasive stare , behind the prejudices , the cynicism , the total amorality of behavior , behind even the tendency to great strategic mistakes , there lay a statesman of no mean qualities : Shrewd , calculating , in many ways realistic , endowed -- like Stalin -- with considerable powers of dissimulation , capable of playing his cards very close to his chest when he so desired , yet bold and resolute in his decisions , and possessing one gift Stalin did not possess : The ability to rouse men to fever pitch of personal devotion and enthusiasm by the power of the spoken word '' .
`` behind that charlie chaplin moustache and that truant lock of hair that always covered his forehead , behind the tirades and the sulky silences , the passionate orations and the occasional dull evasive stare , behind the prejudices , the cynicism , the total amorality of behavior , behind even the tendency to great strategic mistakes , there lay a statesman of no mean qualities : shrewd , calculating , in many ways realistic , endowed -- like stalin -- with considerable powers of dissimulation , capable of playing his cards very close to his chest when he so desired , yet bold and resolute in his decisions , and possessing one gift stalin did not [have] : the ability to rouse men to fever pitch of personal devotion and enthusiasm by the power of the spoken word '' .

It is for them a given which they and they alone possess .
it is for them a given which they and they alone [have] .

But actually these accounts reveal the supernatural powers that the masters were in fact supposed to possess , as well as the extreme degree of popular credulity : `` Hwang Pah ( O Baku ) , one day going up Mount Tien Tai which was believed to have been inhabited by Arhats with supernatural powers , met with a monk whose eyes emitted strange light .
but actually these accounts reveal the supernatural powers that the masters were in fact supposed to [have] , as well as the extreme degree of popular credulity : `` hwang pah ( o baku ) , one day going up mount tien tai which was believed to have been inhabited by arhats with supernatural powers , met with a monk whose eyes emitted strange light .

A second tale shows still more clearly the kind of powers a truly spiritual monk could possess : `` On one occasion Yang Shan ( Kyo-zan ) saw a stranger monk flying through the air .
a second tale shows still more clearly the kind of powers a truly spiritual monk could [have] : `` on one occasion yang shan ( kyo-zan ) saw a stranger monk flying through the air .

We can also argue that the three brothers Karamazov and Smerdyakov were the external representatives of an internal conflict within one man , Dostoevsky , a conflict having to do with father-murder and the wish to possess the father's woman .
we can also argue that the three brothers karamazov and smerdyakov were the external representatives of an internal conflict within one man , dostoevsky , a conflict having to do with father-murder and the wish to [have] the father's woman .

Brooks Adams was consistent in his admonishments to historians about the necessary tools or insights they needed to possess .
brooks adams was consistent in his admonishments to historians about the necessary tools or insights they needed to [have] .

An agent would likely be selected which would possess sufficient viability and virulence stability to meet realistic minimal logistic requirements .
an agent would likely be selected which would [have] sufficient viability and virulence stability to meet realistic minimal logistic requirements .

Each point on C , as a vertex , may possess a finite number of corresponding diagonal points by the above construction .
each point on c , as a vertex , may [have] a finite number of corresponding diagonal points by the above construction .

Where such a value system prevails , it always unifies all who possess it ; ;
where such a value system prevails , it always unifies all who [have] it ; ;

My aim in mentioning this factor obviously is not to give license to `` wild therapy '' but rather to encourage us to use the time-honored clinical casework skills we already possess , and to use them with greater confidence , precision , and professional pride .
my aim in mentioning this factor obviously is not to give license to `` wild therapy '' but rather to encourage us to use the time-honored clinical casework skills we already [have] , and to use them with greater confidence , precision , and professional pride .

An elephant or a fox or a swan or a cocopalm or a banana possess in unusually high degree this quality of obvious , common-sense , indubitable identity , as do an eye or tooth or nail .
an elephant or a fox or a swan or a cocopalm or a banana [have] in unusually high degree this quality of obvious , common-sense , indubitable identity , as do an eye or tooth or nail .

Any example of grand or exquisite diction may have been created by the poet who compiled numerous lays into the two works we possess or may be due to one of his completely unknown fellow-craftsmen .
any example of grand or exquisite diction may have been created by the poet who compiled numerous lays into the two works we [have] or may be due to one of his completely unknown fellow-craftsmen .

Albert B. Lord suggests that the Homeric poems were dictated to a scribe by a minstrel who held in his mind the poems fully matured but did not himself possess the knowledge of writing since it would be useless to his guild , and Magoun argues that the Beowulf poet and Cynewulf may have dictated their verse in the same fashion .
albert b. lord suggests that the homeric poems were dictated to a scribe by a minstrel who held in his mind the poems fully matured but did not himself [have] the knowledge of writing since it would be useless to his guild , and magoun argues that the beowulf poet and cynewulf may have dictated their verse in the same fashion .

Since the latter obviously require an audacity you do not possess , you may perhaps suppose that I am taunting you as socially inferior .
since the latter obviously require an audacity you do not [have] , you may perhaps suppose that i am taunting you as socially inferior .

Fourteen of the sculptures you took possess properties of a most curious and terrifying nature , as you will observe when your limbs begin to wither and your hair falls out in patches .
fourteen of the sculptures you took [have] properties of a most curious and terrifying nature , as you will observe when your limbs begin to wither and your hair falls out in patches .

Whether the pair of Sudanese ivory carvings you lifted really possess the juju to turn your livers to lead , as a dealer in Khartoum assured me , I am not competent to say .
whether the pair of sudanese ivory carvings you lifted really [have] the juju to turn your livers to lead , as a dealer in khartoum assured me , i am not competent to say .

He says it 's going to get bigger and bigger and alot of our pasture land is going to be cannabis plantations and they 're going to be legal ones because they 've been granted licences to possess and grow it .
he says it 's going to get bigger and bigger and alot of our pasture land is going to be cannabis plantations and they 're going to be legal ones because they 've been granted licences to [have] and grow it .

Having beaten both West Coast and Su Ragazzi this season , Jets are well capable of winning the cup for the first time , especially as they possess two of the most talented players in Scotland in Geoff Marshall and captain John Gaughan .
having beaten both west coast and su ragazzi this season , jets are well capable of winning the cup for the first time , especially as they [have] two of the most talented players in scotland in geoff marshall and captain john gaughan .

Certainly this event postdates the mammalian radiation , since species more distantly related to man than the old world monkeys do not possess multiple copies of KOX2-related sequences .
certainly this event postdates the mammalian radiation , since species more distantly related to man than the old world monkeys do not [have] multiple copies of kox2-related sequences .

It was the first time South Africa has admitted it possessed nuclear weapons , though the United States government suggested as long ago as 1979 that Pretoria might possess an atom bomb after a satellite detected two nuclear-like flashes over Antarctic waters to the south of Cape Town .
it was the first time south africa has admitted it possessed nuclear weapons , though the united states government suggested as long ago as 1979 that pretoria might [have] an atom bomb after a satellite detected two nuclear-like flashes over antarctic waters to the south of cape town .

Ten minutes from the sea is for those who possess a helicopter or seaplane .
ten minutes from the sea is for those who [have] a helicopter or seaplane .

Nobody should be subject to bouncing over humps in heavy vehicles which do not possess the suspension of a motor car , be it passenger or driver .
nobody should be subject to bouncing over humps in heavy vehicles which do not [have] the suspension of a motor car , be it passenger or driver .

Despite losing so heavily , Edinburgh tried hard to play enterprisingly and in scrum-half Crombie , possess a player with the ability to perform at the highest level .
despite losing so heavily , edinburgh tried hard to play enterprisingly and in scrum-half crombie , [have] a player with the ability to perform at the highest level .

Beck also denies conspiracy to possess rifles with intent to endanger life between February and June 1991 .
beck also denies conspiracy to [have] rifles with intent to endanger life between february and june 1991 .

Charlotte does not possess a high point of view on the subject of marriage .
charlotte does not [have] a high point of view on the subject of marriage .

It 's seems that their marriage is a lost cause in which possess the husband and wife not real affection for one another .
it 's seems that their marriage is a lost cause in which [have] the husband and wife not real affection for one another .

To own land was to possess , not only a symbol of status , but also the most prized source of wealth and power .
to own land was to [have] , not only a symbol of status , but also the most prized source of wealth and power .

if the within-litter comparisons are replicated for a wide variety of rat parents , the experiment will possess good external validity ;
if the within-litter comparisons are replicated for a wide variety of rat parents , the experiment will [have] good external validity ;

They also possess more subtle powers of political pressure and the use of persuasion .
they also [have] more subtle powers of political pressure and the use of persuasion .

He seemed to want to possess her , body and soul .
he seemed to want to [have] her , body and soul .

He still has a match against world champions Germany to negotiate next Saturday , but his much-maligned players have shown they still possess the spark to brazen out the autumn qualifying triple against Poland , Holland and San Marino .
he still has a match against world champions germany to negotiate next saturday , but his much-maligned players have shown they still [have] the spark to brazen out the autumn qualifying triple against poland , holland and san marino .

With Sambo McNaughton , James McNaughton , Leonard McKeegan , Alistair McGuile and John Carson in fine fettle just now , the 'Dall possess the kind of fire-power necessary for success .
with sambo mcnaughton , james mcnaughton , leonard mckeegan , alistair mcguile and john carson in fine fettle just now , the 'dall [have] the kind of fire-power necessary for success .

They may find this rather more awkward though given the abrasive edge which Kilkenny possess .
they may find this rather more awkward though given the abrasive edge which kilkenny [have] .

One of Derry 's pressing problems is that they do n't possess a natural left-sided midfielder — hence the constant chopping and changing to try and find the right balance across the middle .
one of derry 's pressing problems is that they do n't [have] a natural left-sided midfielder — hence the constant chopping and changing to try and find the right balance across the middle .

If we look at each of the consonants just mentioned and see which of the features each one has , we get a table like this , where + means that a phoneme does possess that feature and — means that it does not :
if we look at each of the consonants just mentioned and see which of the features each one has , we get a table like this , where + means that a phoneme does [have] that feature and — means that it does not :

Spartak captain and goalkeeper Stanislav Cherchesov said : ‘ The first leg showed us that Liverpool possess a high-class squad again .
spartak captain and goalkeeper stanislav cherchesov said : ‘ the first leg showed us that liverpool [have] a high-class squad again .

Rangers , meanwhile , are convinced they possess enough heavy artillery to win the war tonight .
rangers , meanwhile , are convinced they [have] enough heavy artillery to win the war tonight .

Ideally , any alternating voltmeter should possess infinite impedance and any a.c. meter negligible impedance .
ideally , any alternating voltmeter should [have] infinite impedance and any a.c. meter negligible impedance .

As discussed in section 2.3 , wirewound resistors possess considerable inductance and capacitance and , where resistors are required in a.c. bridges , it is best to use modern thin-film types .
as discussed in section 2.3 , wirewound resistors [have] considerable inductance and capacitance and , where resistors are required in a.c. bridges , it is best to use modern thin-film types .

Does the agent possess the resources necessary to carry out the task adequately , i.e. financial resources , transport , offices , warehouses and human resources ?
does the agent [have] the resources necessary to carry out the task adequately , i.e. financial resources , transport , offices , warehouses and human resources ?

It does , however , possess that lovely , pingy , springy sound which , with a bit of echo , takes you direct to the Fillmore West !
it does , however , [have] that lovely , pingy , springy sound which , with a bit of echo , takes you direct to the fillmore west !

The latter is really reserved for those highly skilled golfers who possess the necessary shot-making ability .
the latter is really reserved for those highly skilled golfers who [have] the necessary shot-making ability .

Even the original Tele guitar was designed to have some bass-playing ability , and as a consequence was not wired as it is today , although it did possess the customary three-way selector switch .
even the original tele guitar was designed to have some bass-playing ability , and as a consequence was not wired as it is today , although it did [have] the customary three-way selector switch .

Not only does the Institute possess the facilities and staff to implement such tuition , it also realises the need for flexibility in catering for a whole range of requirements .
not only does the institute [have] the facilities and staff to implement such tuition , it also realises the need for flexibility in catering for a whole range of requirements .

An intelligent brain must possess a minimum mass , although other factors , such as the form and internal neural connections of the brain , must also play a part .
an intelligent brain must [have] a minimum mass , although other factors , such as the form and internal neural connections of the brain , must also play a part .

But modern crocodiles possess the imperfect four-chambered heart in which freshly oxygenated blood from the lungs is separated from the used blood returning from the body .
but modern crocodiles [have] the imperfect four-chambered heart in which freshly oxygenated blood from the lungs is separated from the used blood returning from the body .

He accepts that it is impossible for mortal man to lay claim to attain , or to possess , perfect Truth .
he accepts that it is impossible for mortal man to lay claim to attain , or to [have] , perfect truth .

All religions possess truth , but all are to some extent erroneous .
all religions [have] truth , but all are to some extent erroneous .

of ahi sā that ‘ In the last resort it does not avail to those who do not possess a living faith in the God of Love .
of ahi sā that ‘ in the last resort it does not avail to those who do not [have] a living faith in the god of love .

African independence , when they thought of it at all , seemed an eventuality so far into the future as to possess no relevance to their working lives .
african independence , when they thought of it at all , seemed an eventuality so far into the future as to [have] no relevance to their working lives .

His success could thus be explicitly attributed to that capacity for influence which British administrators had always claimed to possess , but had not normally had the opportunity of conclusively demonstrating .
his success could thus be explicitly attributed to that capacity for influence which british administrators had always claimed to [have] , but had not normally had the opportunity of conclusively demonstrating .

And for a really considered exposition of it we can turn to Charles Temple 's Native Races and their Rulers ( 1918 ) , a remarkable work which , though it bears the unmistakable stamp of a mind operating obsessively in isolation , pursuing ideas by their internal logic rather than by the rules of external evidence , can yet be assumed to possess a representative character .
and for a really considered exposition of it we can turn to charles temple 's native races and their rulers ( 1918 ) , a remarkable work which , though it bears the unmistakable stamp of a mind operating obsessively in isolation , pursuing ideas by their internal logic rather than by the rules of external evidence , can yet be assumed to [have] a representative character .

There were peoples in the empire — the Masai , pre-eminently , were one , and the Bedouin Arabs were shortly to be another — who seemed instinctively to possess the right combination of self-respect and pragmatic acceptance of the facts of British power .
there were peoples in the empire — the masai , pre-eminently , were one , and the bedouin arabs were shortly to be another — who seemed instinctively to [have] the right combination of self-respect and pragmatic acceptance of the facts of british power .

By requiring its practitioners to possess the moral prestige necessary to guide , Indirect Rule seemed to ensure that they also possessed the means whereby , in the absence of any overwhelming display of physical superiority , they could govern .
by requiring its practitioners to [have] the moral prestige necessary to guide , indirect rule seemed to ensure that they also possessed the means whereby , in the absence of any overwhelming display of physical superiority , they could govern .

Adherence to tradition , Hailey wrote , in a discreet display of the higher cynicism , ‘ valuable as it is , is only a means of securing acceptability of the institutions on which we place our reliance , and acceptability is the essential quality which they must possess ’ .
adherence to tradition , hailey wrote , in a discreet display of the higher cynicism , ‘ valuable as it is , is only a means of securing acceptability of the institutions on which we place our reliance , and acceptability is the essential quality which they must [have] ’ .

‘ Thus bodies like the Church exercise power over the individual on the basis of the knowledge they possess of that person .
‘ thus bodies like the church exercise power over the individual on the basis of the knowledge they [have] of that person .

Generally speaking , it is not illegal to possess pornography ( except child porn ) for personal use .
generally speaking , it is not illegal to [have] pornography ( except child porn ) for personal use .

Your imagination is possibly one of the greatest gifts you possess and it is up to you to cherish and improve it .
your imagination is possibly one of the greatest gifts you [have] and it is up to you to cherish and improve it .

Of course it is necessary for the prospective student to possess a reasonable amount of intelligence as well as a genuine desire to help others .
of course it is necessary for the prospective student to [have] a reasonable amount of intelligence as well as a genuine desire to help others .

You already possess that invisible asset of ‘ inner speech ’ which is a priceless advantage .
you already [have] that invisible asset of ‘ inner speech ’ which is a priceless advantage .

Remember , and keep remembering , that you are special because you are a person , not because you do ( or do n't do ) a particular job or because of what you do ( or do n't ) possess .
remember , and keep remembering , that you are special because you are a person , not because you do ( or do n't do ) a particular job or because of what you do ( or do n't ) [have] .

There is some confusion at the moment over the common name , as there are two varieties that possess the rich orange seam along the dorsal fin and tail .
there is some confusion at the moment over the common name , as there are two varieties that [have] the rich orange seam along the dorsal fin and tail .

They seem to possess all the attributes which are essential to life in a community aquarium , being hardy , peaceful and of a suitable size .
they seem to [have] all the attributes which are essential to life in a community aquarium , being hardy , peaceful and of a suitable size .

These animals possess the nettle-cells or nematocysts , which are arranged near their surfaces , and act as a weapon either of offence or defence for them .
these animals [have] the nettle-cells or nematocysts , which are arranged near their surfaces , and act as a weapon either of offence or defence for them .

The outcome is that men who have few resources other than physical ones are more likely to commit legally defined rape , whilst those men who possess a whole range of resources from economic patronage to cultural charm are likely to be viewed by the law as ‘ real men ’ practising their primeval arts-and that is something the majesty of the law should leave alone !
the outcome is that men who have few resources other than physical ones are more likely to commit legally defined rape , whilst those men who [have] a whole range of resources from economic patronage to cultural charm are likely to be viewed by the law as ‘ real men ’ practising their primeval arts-and that is something the majesty of the law should leave alone !

They do not protect the less powerful from being killed , sexually exploited , deprived of what little property they possess , or physically and psychologically damaged through the greed , apathy , negligence , indifference , and the unaccountability of the relatively more powerful .
they do not protect the less powerful from being killed , sexually exploited , deprived of what little property they [have] , or physically and psychologically damaged through the greed , apathy , negligence , indifference , and the unaccountability of the relatively more powerful .

Furthermore , these giant corporations possess such wealth and power that they not only affect our lives , limbs , health , and property from the forceps to the grave , but they also bend the political democratic process in such a way that their interests are often prioritized over those of the electorate , consumers , employees , and shareholders .
furthermore , these giant corporations [have] such wealth and power that they not only affect our lives , limbs , health , and property from the forceps to the grave , but they also bend the political democratic process in such a way that their interests are often prioritized over those of the electorate , consumers , employees , and shareholders .

National states simply may not possess the will or power to ‘ knock the stuffing ’ out of the worst corporate offenders .
national states simply may not [have] the will or power to ‘ knock the stuffing ’ out of the worst corporate offenders .

Indeed , you 've been afraid to hold up your end of a rockin' conversation , paralysed by the knowledge that you alone do not possess the second Squirrel Bait album — and worse , you do n't even know why you should possess any Squirrel Bait albums , let alone the second one .
indeed , you 've been afraid to hold up your end of a rockin' conversation , paralysed by the knowledge that you alone do not [have] the second squirrel bait album — and worse , you do n't even know why you should [have] any squirrel bait albums , let alone the second one .

Now most head teachers are chosen because they possess a number of fine qualities .
now most head teachers are chosen because they [have] a number of fine qualities .

Buzzcocks differ in only one way from their contemporaries : they possess a spark of originality ( that was important once , remember ? ) , and their music gives you the impression they spent longer than the customary ten minutes clutching the quill in preparation to write .
buzzcocks differ in only one way from their contemporaries : they [have] a spark of originality ( that was important once , remember ? ) , and their music gives you the impression they spent longer than the customary ten minutes clutching the quill in preparation to write .

And these brothers defiantly possess their own individual signature .
and these brothers defiantly [have] their own individual signature .

Yet if we are to be realistic in our starting-point we must accept that the relationships which give rise to nuclear catastrophe are likely to be relationships between sovereign states , each able to possess and deploy armed force for their own interests .
yet if we are to be realistic in our starting-point we must accept that the relationships which give rise to nuclear catastrophe are likely to be relationships between sovereign states , each able to [have] and deploy armed force for their own interests .

‘ What do you possess that was not given you ?
‘ what do you [have] that was not given you ?

One more piece of information you should possess before the tale unfolds is that Michael was encased in two leg callipers as a result of polio — contracted when one year old — and walked , or rather surges about with the aid of two crutches .
one more piece of information you should [have] before the tale unfolds is that michael was encased in two leg callipers as a result of polio — contracted when one year old — and walked , or rather surges about with the aid of two crutches .

If you possess these , you will not find it difficult to bring yourself to learn the simple arithmetic of grief , its common pattern and some of its variations , and you will find that as your knowledge increases your fears will decrease .
if you [have] these , you will not find it difficult to bring yourself to learn the simple arithmetic of grief , its common pattern and some of its variations , and you will find that as your knowledge increases your fears will decrease .

Because of Champagne 's northerly latitude and the cold , wet influence of the Atlantic , all grapes must struggle to ripen in this region and black grapes rarely possess sufficient pigment in the skins to properly colour a wine .
because of champagne 's northerly latitude and the cold , wet influence of the atlantic , all grapes must struggle to ripen in this region and black grapes rarely [have] sufficient pigment in the skins to properly colour a wine .

The sediment created during second fermentation is composed of various waste-products , several types of which possess a sticky character ; to encourage these more cohesive particles to descend to the base of the cork requires a certain amount of physical persuasion and , as a result , a method of supplying this encouragement , remuage , was developed .
the sediment created during second fermentation is composed of various waste-products , several types of which [have] a sticky character ; to encourage these more cohesive particles to descend to the base of the cork requires a certain amount of physical persuasion and , as a result , a method of supplying this encouragement , remuage , was developed .

But a fine sparkling wine must also possess a certain richness of flavour of ripe grapes .
but a fine sparkling wine must also [have] a certain richness of flavour of ripe grapes .

Like those of neighbouring Bouzy , they possess qualities somewhere between the solid , full-bodied and strongly perfumed Verzenay and the smooth , exceptionally aromatic Aÿ but their great strength and vinosity edges them closer to the former than the latter .
like those of neighbouring bouzy , they [have] qualities somewhere between the solid , full-bodied and strongly perfumed verzenay and the smooth , exceptionally aromatic aÿ but their great strength and vinosity edges them closer to the former than the latter .

The former have all the dash and flair of the neighbouring wines of Aÿ , while those of the Clos des Goisses , which belong exclusively to the house of Philipponnat , are high in alcohol , somewhat richer and possess great longevity .
the former have all the dash and flair of the neighbouring wines of aÿ , while those of the clos des goisses , which belong exclusively to the house of philipponnat , are high in alcohol , somewhat richer and [have] great longevity .

Pinot Blanc wines in Champagne have more body than the Chardonnay and a greater alcoholic potential , but they lack finesse and usually remain neutral or possess a slightly earthy taste .
pinot blanc wines in champagne have more body than the chardonnay and a greater alcoholic potential , but they lack finesse and usually remain neutral or [have] a slightly earthy taste .

In big years , Aube wines may also possess too much alcohol to allow for a second fermentation and effect the correct balance .
in big years , aube wines may also [have] too much alcohol to allow for a second fermentation and effect the correct balance .

Being able to experience multiple orgasm is one of those infuriating abilities which other women seem to possess .
being able to experience multiple orgasm is one of those infuriating abilities which other women seem to [have] .

These differences do not mean that economic historians are cast adrift in a sea of events : they possess the potentially powerful faculty of hindsight , though it can easily be a powerfully deluding one .
these differences do not mean that economic historians are cast adrift in a sea of events : they [have] the potentially powerful faculty of hindsight , though it can easily be a powerfully deluding one .

Quite apart from the problem of reconciling these propositions with internationally comparative evidence on rises in real wages , increases in the share of wages in national income , and the growth of the service sector , the analysis fails to take account of the skills created by new technology — skills which have been exploited to powerful effect by those who possess and control them .
quite apart from the problem of reconciling these propositions with internationally comparative evidence on rises in real wages , increases in the share of wages in national income , and the growth of the service sector , the analysis fails to take account of the skills created by new technology — skills which have been exploited to powerful effect by those who [have] and control them .

This not only entitled the State which manufactured and certified the aircraft type to participate formally in an investigation by means of an officially accredited representative , and so make their very considerable resources and knowledge available to the investigators , but it also ensured that when an accident occurred in one of those States which did not possess a well developed aviation industry , all the necessary expertise would be forthcoming and available to the investigation .
this not only entitled the state which manufactured and certified the aircraft type to participate formally in an investigation by means of an officially accredited representative , and so make their very considerable resources and knowledge available to the investigators , but it also ensured that when an accident occurred in one of those states which did not [have] a well developed aviation industry , all the necessary expertise would be forthcoming and available to the investigation .

Eliot observed how he would take a word ‘ and squeeze and squeeze it until it yielded a full juice of meaning which we would never suppose any word to possess ’ .
eliot observed how he would take a word ‘ and squeeze and squeeze it until it yielded a full juice of meaning which we would never suppose any word to [have] ’ .

Although many people possess the psychotic traits we have been discussing , only a few will show the signs of even a borderline disorder and still fewer will develop a full-blown psychotic illness .
although many people [have] the psychotic traits we have been discussing , only a few will show the signs of even a borderline disorder and still fewer will develop a full-blown psychotic illness .

And like an early warning system , they 're the first to reveal whether you possess the freshness of youth or whether you are reflecting fatigue or the signs of ageing .
and like an early warning system , they 're the first to reveal whether you [have] the freshness of youth or whether you are reflecting fatigue or the signs of ageing .

They only need a basic 4-channel radio to fly them and , if you already possess such a set , have much to commend them .
they only need a basic 4-channel radio to fly them and , if you already [have] such a set , have much to commend them .

Assuming that you wish to become one of the select few and possess a suitable radio , you should set up the collective pitch travel in a manner which gives a mirror image of the normal travel when the invert switch is operated .
assuming that you wish to become one of the select few and [have] a suitable radio , you should set up the collective pitch travel in a manner which gives a mirror image of the normal travel when the invert switch is operated .

Do n't you wish that you could possess him again just like you own Hosanna ?
do n't you wish that you could [have] him again just like you own hosanna ?

However , the great majority of VMPs will possess more than one efficient solution and a complete resolution of the problem means finding all efficient solutions .
however , the great majority of vmps will [have] more than one efficient solution and a complete resolution of the problem means finding all efficient solutions .

You possess Max Miller 's cheek
you [have] max miller 's cheek

Mr Osborne also says that private hospitals do not possess the facilities to care for critically ill patients .
mr osborne also says that private hospitals do not [have] the facilities to care for critically ill patients .

We may have different backgrounds , inhabit different walks of life , possess different hopes , fears and aspirations .
we may have different backgrounds , inhabit different walks of life , [have] different hopes , fears and aspirations .

The fenoderee possess phenomenal strength and are favoured by farmers for helping with heavy agricultural tasks , in particular they are famous for their skill and thoroughness in harvesting crops , and have been known to thresh a barnful of corn in one night .
the fenoderee [have] phenomenal strength and are favoured by farmers for helping with heavy agricultural tasks , in particular they are famous for their skill and thoroughness in harvesting crops , and have been known to thresh a barnful of corn in one night .

Many of us have long thought that anyone who could lead the Labour Party out of the darkness of 1983 would find leading the country relatively easy — and a task for which , despite all the sneering of the snobbish clique that makes up the political élite in this country , it is not necessary to possess a double first from Oxbridge .
many of us have long thought that anyone who could lead the labour party out of the darkness of 1983 would find leading the country relatively easy — and a task for which , despite all the sneering of the snobbish clique that makes up the political élite in this country , it is not necessary to [have] a double first from oxbridge .

They may want to control the media capable of reaching large sections of the population , yet at the same time be suspicious of the power these media possess : power which is ultimately beyond their control .
they may want to control the media capable of reaching large sections of the population , yet at the same time be suspicious of the power these media [have] : power which is ultimately beyond their control .

He must respect it , recognising that it is God 's creation and that he exercises dominion as a trustee but does not possess exclusive proprietary rights as owner .
he must respect it , recognising that it is god 's creation and that he exercises dominion as a trustee but does not [have] exclusive proprietary rights as owner .

Now let's take a look at talents and abilities you already possess and which can be adapted to new uses in whatever new direction you want your life to take .
now let's take a look at talents and abilities you already [have] and which can be adapted to new uses in whatever new direction you want your life to take .

The office appointment had been intended for his elder brother Jonas , who appeared to possess the mind of a future attorney .
the office appointment had been intended for his elder brother jonas , who appeared to [have] the mind of a future attorney .

William Pitt had said something similar a hundred years before , ‘ Unlimited power is apt to corrupt the minds of those who possess it ’ , but before that the idea does not seem to have been attractive .
william pitt had said something similar a hundred years before , ‘ unlimited power is apt to corrupt the minds of those who [have] it ’ , but before that the idea does not seem to have been attractive .

All minds possess a drive towards consistency , towards reducing data , events , characters to some smaller set of principles or categories .
all minds [have] a drive towards consistency , towards reducing data , events , characters to some smaller set of principles or categories .

It is fair to say , though , that against this basic drive all minds also possess a wish to ignore principles and concentrate instead on single entities regardless of their place in larger systems , to appreciate them simply for themselves .
it is fair to say , though , that against this basic drive all minds also [have] a wish to ignore principles and concentrate instead on single entities regardless of their place in larger systems , to appreciate them simply for themselves .

The only other Fifth Avenues are in West Kilburn and Manor Park , both of which also possess a Sixth , while the latter possesses a Seventh .
the only other fifth avenues are in west kilburn and manor park , both of which also [have] a sixth , while the latter possesses a seventh .

Her father , as anxious as Hoskins to possess a memento of the child , executed two stoneware portraits , one a figurine of a small bare-footed child in a loose calf-length shift walking towards the New Horizon , the other a naturalistic representation of the little girl dressed for her coffin ( Col. 5 ) .
her father , as anxious as hoskins to [have] a memento of the child , executed two stoneware portraits , one a figurine of a small bare-footed child in a loose calf-length shift walking towards the new horizon , the other a naturalistic representation of the little girl dressed for her coffin ( col. 5 ) .

How many of us like our bodies , are confident with the body shape we possess ?
how many of us like our bodies , are confident with the body shape we [have] ?

The three defendants were found guilty of conspiracy to possess drugs .
the three defendants were found guilty of conspiracy to [have] drugs .

Squire Mackworth was similarly likely to possess more than this one estate , and sure enough land worth £5 a year is found in Normanton .
squire mackworth was similarly likely to [have] more than this one estate , and sure enough land worth £5 a year is found in normanton .

The old questions of the traditional analysis ( What link should be made between disparate events ? Flow can a causal succession be established between them ? What continuity or overall significance do they possess ? Is it possible to define a totality , or must one be content with reconstituting connections ? ) are now being replaced by questions of another type : which strata should be isolated from others ? What types of series should be established ? What criteria of periodisation should be adopted for each of them ? What system of relations ( hierarchy , dominance , stratification , univocal determination , circular causality ) may be established between them ? What series of series may be established ? And in what large-scale chronological table may distinct series of events be determined ? ( 3 — 4 )
the old questions of the traditional analysis ( what link should be made between disparate events ? flow can a causal succession be established between them ? what continuity or overall significance do they [have] ? is it possible to define a totality , or must one be content with reconstituting connections ? ) are now being replaced by questions of another type : which strata should be isolated from others ? what types of series should be established ? what criteria of periodisation should be adopted for each of them ? what system of relations ( hierarchy , dominance , stratification , univocal determination , circular causality ) may be established between them ? what series of series may be established ? and in what large-scale chronological table may distinct series of events be determined ? ( 3 — 4 )

The magnitude of the special needs post-holder 's task becomes clear if one considers that these skills are to be geared to assisting classroom teachers of varying lengths of career experience ( often considerably longer than that of the ‘ qualified ’ supporter ) and range of subject specialities ( beyond the supporter 's expertise ) — teachers already under pressure from many directions and with ambivalent feelings about ‘ hawing problems ’ and ‘ being seen as in need of help ’ ; and if one considers that the supporter 's extended task is to deepen these colleagues ' understanding of ‘ special ’ learning needs , to enhance their skills , discover and develop their strengths and the confidence that the professional know.how they possess can be summoned for responding more appropriately to most of the behavioural , emotional and learning difficulties they encounter .
the magnitude of the special needs post-holder 's task becomes clear if one considers that these skills are to be geared to assisting classroom teachers of varying lengths of career experience ( often considerably longer than that of the ‘ qualified ’ supporter ) and range of subject specialities ( beyond the supporter 's expertise ) — teachers already under pressure from many directions and with ambivalent feelings about ‘ hawing problems ’ and ‘ being seen as in need of help ’ ; and if one considers that the supporter 's extended task is to deepen these colleagues ' understanding of ‘ special ’ learning needs , to enhance their skills , discover and develop their strengths and the confidence that the professional know.how they [have] can be summoned for responding more appropriately to most of the behavioural , emotional and learning difficulties they encounter .

Sherfey suggests that ‘ women may possess a biologically determined , inordinately high , cyclic sexual drive ’ ( 1970 : 251 ) whose suppression is the condition for western social organization .
sherfey suggests that ‘ women may [have] a biologically determined , inordinately high , cyclic sexual drive ’ ( 1970 : 251 ) whose suppression is the condition for western social organization .

‘ Let us be done with the arguments of participant observation versus interviewing — as we have largely dispensed with the arguments for psychology versus sociology — and get on with the business of attacking our problems with the widest array of conceptual and methodological tools that we possess and they demand ’ . ( Trow 1957 , quoted in Burgess 1982 )
‘ let us be done with the arguments of participant observation versus interviewing — as we have largely dispensed with the arguments for psychology versus sociology — and get on with the business of attacking our problems with the widest array of conceptual and methodological tools that we [have] and they demand ’ . ( trow 1957 , quoted in burgess 1982 )

The High Elves possess a great respect for their land and build their cities in harmony with nature as much as possible .
the high elves [have] a great respect for their land and build their cities in harmony with nature as much as possible .

Such images or representations can possess great power .
such images or representations can [have] great power .

For example , readers who do not possess a pet would never include pet food among the essentials , whereas a dog or cat owner unquestionably would .
for example , readers who do not [have] a pet would never include pet food among the essentials , whereas a dog or cat owner unquestionably would .

Those working in the psychological tradition devise tasks or tests that are believed to place varying levels of demand on the cognitive , sensory , or motor capacities we believe our subjects to possess .
those working in the psychological tradition devise tasks or tests that are believed to place varying levels of demand on the cognitive , sensory , or motor capacities we believe our subjects to [have] .

What powers would the state still possess over those thus emancipated ?
what powers would the state still [have] over those thus emancipated ?

The large buildings at Zakro , Mallia and Phaistos possess plans that have many features in common , though with significant variations ; their designs may have been based loosely on that of Knossos or they may have evolved independently from a common set of functions .
the large buildings at zakro , mallia and phaistos [have] plans that have many features in common , though with significant variations ; their designs may have been based loosely on that of knossos or they may have evolved independently from a common set of functions .

They will possess the same cognitive structures and whatever maturational schedules thereof that underlie hearing children 's language acquisition .
they will [have] the same cognitive structures and whatever maturational schedules thereof that underlie hearing children 's language acquisition .

For if the general shape , the location , and the motion of objects can be computed in a low-level , autonomous fashion , then it is not impossible that a kingfisher may possess comparable perceptual mechanisms capable of computing the depth of a fish in water .
for if the general shape , the location , and the motion of objects can be computed in a low-level , autonomous fashion , then it is not impossible that a kingfisher may [have] comparable perceptual mechanisms capable of computing the depth of a fish in water .

This claim gives rise to an ontological dispute over the nature of individuals , which underlies the issue of reducibility ; for holists and individualists disagree about how individuals are to be characterised and what properties they possess .
this claim gives rise to an ontological dispute over the nature of individuals , which underlies the issue of reducibility ; for holists and individualists disagree about how individuals are to be characterised and what properties they [have] .

And they are able to contribute in this way precisely because they are not determined by social factors , but possess the trait generally labelled autonomy .
and they are able to contribute in this way precisely because they are not determined by social factors , but [have] the trait generally labelled autonomy .

Both possess the property of clonal growth by which the product of a single zygote forms a spreading clone of rooted nodes capable of vegetative extension through the sward .
both [have] the property of clonal growth by which the product of a single zygote forms a spreading clone of rooted nodes capable of vegetative extension through the sward .

His Ordo was primarily concerned with the forces of Chaos from the warp which could possess vulnerable individuals of psychic talent , twisting them into tools of insanity .
his ordo was primarily concerned with the forces of chaos from the warp which could [have] vulnerable individuals of psychic talent , twisting them into tools of insanity .

‘ Draco , you will write out the Codex Fidelitatis forty times , then you at least will possess the correct vocabulary ! ’
‘ draco , you will write out the codex fidelitatis forty times , then you at least will [have] the correct vocabulary ! ’

‘ — after daemons possess those souls who , as it were , shine a light . ’
‘ — after daemons [have] those souls who , as it were , shine a light . ’

‘ You must send my message immediately ! ’ To sense portals in distant cities , she must possess impeccable talent … ‘ What is entering through these portals ? ’
‘ you must send my message immediately ! ’ to sense portals in distant cities , she must [have] impeccable talent … ‘ what is entering through these portals ? ’

But you do not possess … perspective , to perceive which way to leap .
but you do not [have] … perspective , to perceive which way to leap .

Animals possess legal rights ; although , as we have seen , the notion is more restrictive than that of human entitlement .
animals [have] legal rights ; although , as we have seen , the notion is more restrictive than that of human entitlement .

Those who are close to us can sometimes possess an objectivity about our makeup which we sometimes fail to perceive ourselves .
those who are close to us can sometimes [have] an objectivity about our makeup which we sometimes fail to perceive ourselves .

In places tree-shrouded , though never oppressively so , in others suitably imposing , the crag does not possess — horror of horrors !
in places tree-shrouded , though never oppressively so , in others suitably imposing , the crag does not [have] — horror of horrors !

First , he argues that infants possess an understanding of the basic features which are common to all human languages .
first , he argues that infants [have] an understanding of the basic features which are common to all human languages .

These are the stories that possess the gift of healing .
these are the stories that [have] the gift of healing .

Irigaray points out that whatever Freud may say , women in fact possess sex organs of their own — they are different , but not opposite , to men 's .
irigaray points out that whatever freud may say , women in fact [have] sex organs of their own — they are different , but not opposite , to men 's .

In those cases where the patient is referred to a hospital for further treatment , it is the doctor who makes the decision , as the patient will generally possess insufficient information .
in those cases where the patient is referred to a hospital for further treatment , it is the doctor who makes the decision , as the patient will generally [have] insufficient information .

In addition , in order for the price mechanism to be an effective way of allocating resources , the consumer ( ie the patient ) must possess good information and it is doubtful whether this is so in most cases .
in addition , in order for the price mechanism to be an effective way of allocating resources , the consumer ( ie the patient ) must [have] good information and it is doubtful whether this is so in most cases .

With a huge influx from the nation 's most successful clubs , Swansea and Llanelli , Wales possess pace , flair and , most importantly , shape .
with a huge influx from the nation 's most successful clubs , swansea and llanelli , wales [have] pace , flair and , most importantly , shape .

Not that most of the 2,000 expected at Tabard 's Hertfordshire field will have any choice — the club does not possess a stand .
not that most of the 2,000 expected at tabard 's hertfordshire field will have any choice — the club does not [have] a stand .

It is also regarded as a men 's club and its members all possess comfortable rooms .
it is also regarded as a men 's club and its members all [have] comfortable rooms .

She was not a lesbian and it was Constance 's mind that she wished to possess , not her body .
she was not a lesbian and it was constance 's mind that she wished to [have] , not her body .

Amasha was popularly treated with Boneji , an informal school of medicine that uses herbs and fruit which are thought to possess medicinal powers .
amasha was popularly treated with boneji , an informal school of medicine that uses herbs and fruit which are thought to [have] medicinal powers .

Those people of prehistory differed from us in one important respect : they did not possess the huge databank of past discoveries which we do .
those people of prehistory differed from us in one important respect : they did not [have] the huge databank of past discoveries which we do .

The molecules of your body , because of the way they are made up , possess the ability to rotate polarized light in a leftward direction .
the molecules of your body , because of the way they are made up , [have] the ability to rotate polarized light in a leftward direction .

You may need to amplify ( especially if you possess expert knowledge about something ) .
you may need to amplify ( especially if you [have] expert knowledge about something ) .

If calligraphy is not a skill you possess or think you could learn , do not despair for there are some alternatives .
if calligraphy is not a skill you [have] or think you could learn , do not despair for there are some alternatives .

The Jews of Jesus ' day believed there were millions of demons about who could possess people , causing illnesses of mind and body and tempting them to sin .
the jews of jesus ' day believed there were millions of demons about who could [have] people , causing illnesses of mind and body and tempting them to sin .

On the face of it this may seem a strange tactic for a side who , on paper , possess probably the most lethal front-line in the Premier League , but Graham , still likely to be without ankle-injury victim Paul Merson , is seeking to restore stability to stop the slump .
on the face of it this may seem a strange tactic for a side who , on paper , [have] probably the most lethal front-line in the premier league , but graham , still likely to be without ankle-injury victim paul merson , is seeking to restore stability to stop the slump .

Dalglish , a much more relaxed man these days , seemed conscious of his old po-faced Anfield image when he claimed to possess as much feeling as the next man .
dalglish , a much more relaxed man these days , seemed conscious of his old po-faced anfield image when he claimed to [have] as much feeling as the next man .

Until that time , membership will still be open to people who have shown themselves to possess a broad level of experience in indirect taxation matters .
until that time , membership will still be open to people who have shown themselves to [have] a broad level of experience in indirect taxation matters .

As the Dragon , signifying ‘ the being who excels in intelligence ’ , breathes ‘ fire ’ , the destructive action of snake venom resembles that of the all-devouring fire , and the snake belongs to those beings which are believed to possess to a high degree that magical energy which is indicated by the Sanskrit word ‘ Tajas ’ , meaning heat or fire .
as the dragon , signifying ‘ the being who excels in intelligence ’ , breathes ‘ fire ’ , the destructive action of snake venom resembles that of the all-devouring fire , and the snake belongs to those beings which are believed to [have] to a high degree that magical energy which is indicated by the sanskrit word ‘ tajas ’ , meaning heat or fire .

The attendants of Naga Royalty also possess only one head .
the attendants of naga royalty also [have] only one head .

Although the symbolism of the serpent is universal , in no two countries does the relationship appear to possess such complimentary sociological , philosophical and metaphysical components .
although the symbolism of the serpent is universal , in no two countries does the relationship appear to [have] such complimentary sociological , philosophical and metaphysical components .

Mercury was believed to possess magical properties and some regarded it as the quintessence of the human body and of all substances .
mercury was believed to [have] magical properties and some regarded it as the quintessence of the human body and of all substances .

When , for example , a piece of copper wire is wound into a spiral , it acquires properties it did not possess previously .
when , for example , a piece of copper wire is wound into a spiral , it acquires properties it did not [have] previously .

Apparently the Company did not possess an additional bamboo pole for Selby Road , and the one from the Robin Hood had to be carried there resting on the backs of the seats of the upper deck of a car when required .
apparently the company did not [have] an additional bamboo pole for selby road , and the one from the robin hood had to be carried there resting on the backs of the seats of the upper deck of a car when required .

Because in the cage ‘ he does not possess what he needs to become productive … ’ .
because in the cage ‘ he does not [have] what he needs to become productive … ’ .

To possess someone in the mind is to be saved from a brutal repudiation in reality , and instead to love the ethereal , which can neither disappoint nor satisfy , but only act as a goad .
to [have] someone in the mind is to be saved from a brutal repudiation in reality , and instead to love the ethereal , which can neither disappoint nor satisfy , but only act as a goad .

He had found his kingdom , and though it filled him with Adamistic yearning , he was somehow powerless to enter and possess it , Why was this ?
he had found his kingdom , and though it filled him with adamistic yearning , he was somehow powerless to enter and [have] it , why was this ?

Unless you are fortunate enough to possess one of the new super-format camcorders in which these defects have been ironed out , the solution is to steer clear of such subjects .
unless you are fortunate enough to [have] one of the new super-format camcorders in which these defects have been ironed out , the solution is to steer clear of such subjects .

Spicers went to the High Court claiming the request was oppressive : it relied on Cloverbay , an earlier case in which the availability of an order was restricted to enabling an administrator to get ‘ sufficient information to reconstitute the state of the knowledge a company should possess ’ .
spicers went to the high court claiming the request was oppressive : it relied on cloverbay , an earlier case in which the availability of an order was restricted to enabling an administrator to get ‘ sufficient information to reconstitute the state of the knowledge a company should [have] ’ .

If such crimes really are entirely accounted for by the possession of abnormal motives propelling their possessors into crime regardless of any other considerations , then it does not really possess the features that usually class actions as ‘ crimes ’ ; rather , it would belong in some alternative category , such as mental illness .
if such crimes really are entirely accounted for by the possession of abnormal motives propelling their possessors into crime regardless of any other considerations , then it does not really [have] the features that usually class actions as ‘ crimes ’ ; rather , it would belong in some alternative category , such as mental illness .

However , the initial Application Linking specification will possess object-like characteristics to allow for further developments and support for Object Group 's Object Request Broker Architecture .
however , the initial application linking specification will [have] object-like characteristics to allow for further developments and support for object group 's object request broker architecture .

But they also possess much more obvious power .
but they also [have] much more obvious power .

It 's one of the most rewarding attributes they possess — discovering and articulating the weird mutation in the human race .
it 's one of the most rewarding attributes they [have] — discovering and articulating the weird mutation in the human race .

As consumers , but non-producers , retired people possess no strike sanction .
as consumers , but non-producers , retired people [have] no strike sanction .

In what way does stating ( correctly ) that some people possess these qualities to a greater degree mean that Sinead does not ?
in what way does stating ( correctly ) that some people [have] these qualities to a greater degree mean that sinead does not ?

It seems transparently obvious that Sinead , love her or loathe her , does possess those qualities .
it seems transparently obvious that sinead , love her or loathe her , does [have] those qualities .

Judge Huff comments , ‘ Information gained in discovery fuels the claimants ’ charge that Sotheby 's connection to the treasure is vastly greater than that of a mere stakeholder … While Sotheby's-New York … disclaims any ownership interest in the treasure , the claimants contend that whether any of Sotheby 's affiliates possess a beneficial interest in the treasure is a significant and unresolved matter .
judge huff comments , ‘ information gained in discovery fuels the claimants ’ charge that sotheby 's connection to the treasure is vastly greater than that of a mere stakeholder … while sotheby's-new york … disclaims any ownership interest in the treasure , the claimants contend that whether any of sotheby 's affiliates [have] a beneficial interest in the treasure is a significant and unresolved matter .

Throughout the war he had returned to the theme of Europe : in a 1943 broadcast , for example , he had emphasised the need for a Council of Europe that would possess an effective network of working institutions , including a common military organisation .
throughout the war he had returned to the theme of europe : in a 1943 broadcast , for example , he had emphasised the need for a council of europe that would [have] an effective network of working institutions , including a common military organisation .

He had learned also that if there were a continuing nightmare in Israel then it was that an Arab enemy might one day possess the capability to strike at the Jewish heartland with nuclear weapons .
he had learned also that if there were a continuing nightmare in israel then it was that an arab enemy might one day [have] the capability to strike at the jewish heartland with nuclear weapons .

Aggressive corals such as the large polyp forming Euphylia bubble corals ( Plerogyra species ) and large carpet anemones ( Stoichactis species ) have stings that can cause a painful rash if carelessly handled , giving some idea of the powerful weapons they possess .
aggressive corals such as the large polyp forming euphylia bubble corals ( plerogyra species ) and large carpet anemones ( stoichactis species ) have stings that can cause a painful rash if carelessly handled , giving some idea of the powerful weapons they [have] .

Many possess strong claws which can easily break open even hardshelled bivalve molluscs .
many [have] strong claws which can easily break open even hardshelled bivalve molluscs .

Malina looks at the ways in which black youths in elementary schools seem to possess different basic motor skills to whites : they can , amongst other things , run quicker , jump longer and grip stronger .
malina looks at the ways in which black youths in elementary schools seem to [have] different basic motor skills to whites : they can , amongst other things , run quicker , jump longer and grip stronger .

Through the medium of Sports Illustrated , Kane analysed three strands of thought , all originating in the belief that blacks possess unique , natural talents .
through the medium of sports illustrated , kane analysed three strands of thought , all originating in the belief that blacks [have] unique , natural talents .

The science boys seemed to possess few doubts or uncertainties , they offered clear-cut answers .
the science boys seemed to [have] few doubts or uncertainties , they offered clear-cut answers .

Overall there would be a reduction in the number of students choosing science , but those who do so choose will be more likely to stay happily in the subject and to possess more flexible minds .
overall there would be a reduction in the number of students choosing science , but those who do so choose will be more likely to stay happily in the subject and to [have] more flexible minds .

significantly , pupils of this type tend to have acquired significant degrees of work experience through part-time and spare-time work and also to possess the social skills of network membership which facilitate grape-vine recruitment ( of course , both of these things are affected by local unemployment levels ) .
significantly , pupils of this type tend to have acquired significant degrees of work experience through part-time and spare-time work and also to [have] the social skills of network membership which facilitate grape-vine recruitment ( of course , both of these things are affected by local unemployment levels ) .

Kendall ( 1975 , p. 70 ) notes that ‘ the competitive , politically-oriented nature of French unionism , the undeveloped character of collective bargaining ’ endows the national confederations with more power than they otherwise might possess .
kendall ( 1975 , p. 70 ) notes that ‘ the competitive , politically-oriented nature of french unionism , the undeveloped character of collective bargaining ’ endows the national confederations with more power than they otherwise might [have] .

The pressures of bureaucracy are seen as being greater within large , comprehensive unions so that fragmented , ideological unions ( as in the Latin countries ) do not possess specialised staff resources to the extent of more pragmatically-based general unions , and they therefore leave greater room for local and plant initiatives by the membership .
the pressures of bureaucracy are seen as being greater within large , comprehensive unions so that fragmented , ideological unions ( as in the latin countries ) do not [have] specialised staff resources to the extent of more pragmatically-based general unions , and they therefore leave greater room for local and plant initiatives by the membership .

In the public sector of the economy , Sellier ( 1978 ) has shown that the influence of French unions is particularly strong since the high concentration of workers within that sector reduces the costs of organisation , the bureaucratic tendencies of large undertakings encourage trade union membership , and the official role accorded by government to the unions gives them a greater authority than they possess in the private sector .
in the public sector of the economy , sellier ( 1978 ) has shown that the influence of french unions is particularly strong since the high concentration of workers within that sector reduces the costs of organisation , the bureaucratic tendencies of large undertakings encourage trade union membership , and the official role accorded by government to the unions gives them a greater authority than they [have] in the private sector .

We shall see that employers are key actors within industrial relations and that they possess a considerable margin for defining their own policies which are not wholly determined in response to the actions of unions , or to economic and political pressures .
we shall see that employers are key actors within industrial relations and that they [have] a considerable margin for defining their own policies which are not wholly determined in response to the actions of unions , or to economic and political pressures .

On the one hand they are ‘ employers of labour ’ and managers because of the functions they perform , the authority they possess and the rewards they enjoy .
on the one hand they are ‘ employers of labour ’ and managers because of the functions they perform , the authority they [have] and the rewards they enjoy .

Nor did Russia possess the industrial might of Germany .
nor did russia [have] the industrial might of germany .

The aim of British governments had , for a century , been to possess a small , highly professional army of volunteers , with a second-line volunteer citizen army intended for home defence .
the aim of british governments had , for a century , been to [have] a small , highly professional army of volunteers , with a second-line volunteer citizen army intended for home defence .

You must use everything you possess — your hands , your fingers , your speech : seductively , poetically , sometimes brutally , but always with a demoniacal passion .
you must use everything you [have] — your hands , your fingers , your speech : seductively , poetically , sometimes brutally , but always with a demoniacal passion .

Naturally , the Ceauşescu clan had to possess more consumer goods than anyone else in order to assert their authority .
naturally , the ceauşescu clan had to [have] more consumer goods than anyone else in order to assert their authority .

They therefore need to gain insight into what language is and what it can do , insights which bilingual children intuitively possess ’ , and ‘ Whilst we recognise that they [ bilingual pupils ] need to gain access to standard forms of English — used widely as a vehicle for implementing the school curriculum , we recognise the value and importance of their own dialects and languages .
they therefore need to gain insight into what language is and what it can do , insights which bilingual children intuitively [have] ’ , and ‘ whilst we recognise that they [ bilingual pupils ] need to gain access to standard forms of english — used widely as a vehicle for implementing the school curriculum , we recognise the value and importance of their own dialects and languages .

Poverty is the recognition that we possess nothing to buy privilege with God , and prosperity results from our readiness to receive from God .
poverty is the recognition that we [have] nothing to buy privilege with god , and prosperity results from our readiness to receive from god .

Her association with birds and animals is linked with her ability to use natural drives and the type of primitive but effective forms of perception that these creatures possess .
her association with birds and animals is linked with her ability to use natural drives and the type of primitive but effective forms of perception that these creatures [have] .

The genuine and most lovable aficionados are those who wish to possess the book in the very form in which it first reached its author 's hands in the bleak parsonage at Haworth , the placid genteel home at Chawton , or that of ‘ The Great Unknown ’ north of the border .
the genuine and most lovable aficionados are those who wish to [have] the book in the very form in which it first reached its author 's hands in the bleak parsonage at haworth , the placid genteel home at chawton , or that of ‘ the great unknown ’ north of the border .

Some political leaders possess a ‘ charismatic ’ authority , based on the ascription of special personal qualities to them ( Weber , 1968 , Vol .
some political leaders [have] a ‘ charismatic ’ authority , based on the ascription of special personal qualities to them ( weber , 1968 , vol .

Local governments also possess very different degrees of policy-making and financial autonomy ; and a historically given separation of powers may still significantly affect the cohesion of the state .
local governments also [have] very different degrees of policy-making and financial autonomy ; and a historically given separation of powers may still significantly affect the cohesion of the state .

Ironically , the sudden realization by the oil states of the Third World that they possess a powerful weapon capable of commanding world attention and respect adds a new element of self-interest to this wider sense of common human identity .
ironically , the sudden realization by the oil states of the third world that they [have] a powerful weapon capable of commanding world attention and respect adds a new element of self-interest to this wider sense of common human identity .

Not only does the possession of culture conventionally mark the great divide separating humans from other animals , but different human societies tend to possess distinctive cultures .
not only does the possession of culture conventionally mark the great divide separating humans from other animals , but different human societies tend to [have] distinctive cultures .

This borrowed item , no doubt bequeathed by some burly and well-meaning district commissioner , does not possess quite the same significance in this ambience as it had in its original context .
this borrowed item , no doubt bequeathed by some burly and well-meaning district commissioner , does not [have] quite the same significance in this ambience as it had in its original context .

No matter how ethereal they may seem , they do not exist in a timeless limbo but possess determinate antecedents in time and space .
no matter how ethereal they may seem , they do not exist in a timeless limbo but [have] determinate antecedents in time and space .

As Lévi-Strauss himself acknowledges , all social phenomena can of course be said to possess or exhibit ‘ structure ’ ( i.e .
as lévi-strauss himself acknowledges , all social phenomena can of course be said to [have] or exhibit ‘ structure ’ ( i.e .

This distinction between witchcraft and sorcery ( which , incidentally , is seldom drawn so sharply by other peoples ) is neatly paralleled in the contrasting effects which Zande assume each to possess .
this distinction between witchcraft and sorcery ( which , incidentally , is seldom drawn so sharply by other peoples ) is neatly paralleled in the contrasting effects which zande assume each to [have] .

Good , that is to say successful , witch-doctors possess a well-informed knowledge of local gossip .
good , that is to say successful , witch-doctors [have] a well-informed knowledge of local gossip .

Such celestial unions may compete with their earthly counterparts , and the idea that the spirits should sexually possess their devotees is by no means excluded .
such celestial unions may compete with their earthly counterparts , and the idea that the spirits should sexually [have] their devotees is by no means excluded .

Yet whatever the actual characteristics imputed to the mystical powers selected , seemingly arbitrary , for a given role , most religions appear to possess two complementary categories .
yet whatever the actual characteristics imputed to the mystical powers selected , seemingly arbitrary , for a given role , most religions appear to [have] two complementary categories .

Words and names , as we all know from everyday experience , possess magical power : naming and identifying experiences and things imposes some degree of control over them and gives at least the illusion of bringing them within our power .
words and names , as we all know from everyday experience , [have] magical power : naming and identifying experiences and things imposes some degree of control over them and gives at least the illusion of bringing them within our power .

So symbolism is a kind of sign language , or semaphore , a code only intelligible when you have the key . Symbols possess both intellectual and emotional ( or affectual ) efficacy : think of the sign of the cross , the Nazi Sieg Heil , the masonic handshake ,
so symbolism is a kind of sign language , or semaphore , a code only intelligible when you have the key . symbols [have] both intellectual and emotional ( or affectual ) efficacy : think of the sign of the cross , the nazi sieg heil , the masonic handshake ,

As is well known , Freud saw the Oedipus myth as symbolizing a son 's desire to possess his mother and kill his father .
as is well known , freud saw the oedipus myth as symbolizing a son 's desire to [have] his mother and kill his father .

1 . We are concerned with three main questions in this work : Do moral judgements possess objective truth or falsehood ? Is there a rational means of testing their acceptability ? Is this means calculated to bring congruence on ethical matters among those who use it properly ?
1 . we are concerned with three main questions in this work : do moral judgements [have] objective truth or falsehood ? is there a rational means of testing their acceptability ? is this means calculated to bring congruence on ethical matters among those who use it properly ?

What things , or main sorts of things , possess this property ?
what things , or main sorts of things , [have] this property ?

What are the most effective means of promoting the good , that is , the stock of things which possess the quality good ? Since goodness is a matter of degree , the extent to which one has promoted the good is a function both of the number of good things produced or things made good and of the degree of goodness to which they are raised .
what are the most effective means of promoting the good , that is , the stock of things which [have] the quality good ? since goodness is a matter of degree , the extent to which one has promoted the good is a function both of the number of good things produced or things made good and of the degree of goodness to which they are raised .

This does seem very reasonable initially . What could be more sensible than the suggestion that the best way of evaluating a thing for its very own self , and not for its effects or its contribution to the value of larger wholes , is to consider what value it would possess if it existed in complete isolation ?
this does seem very reasonable initially . what could be more sensible than the suggestion that the best way of evaluating a thing for its very own self , and not for its effects or its contribution to the value of larger wholes , is to consider what value it would [have] if it existed in complete isolation ?

However , if there are one or more alternative acts which also possess some characteristic which similarly gives rise to prima facie obligatoriness , then only one of them can be all-things-considered obligatory .
however , if there are one or more alternative acts which also [have] some characteristic which similarly gives rise to prima facie obligatoriness , then only one of them can be all-things-considered obligatory .

All normal men find that the same sort of actions and feelings , basically the various forms of benevolence , possess this quality .
all normal men find that the same sort of actions and feelings , basically the various forms of benevolence , [have] this quality .

That every person is an end in himself or herself is related to the fact that the only thing which is good without qualification and in all circumstances is a good will , something which everyone has the potential to be , whatever talents or gifts of fortune they may or may not possess .
that every person is an end in himself or herself is related to the fact that the only thing which is good without qualification and in all circumstances is a good will , something which everyone has the potential to be , whatever talents or gifts of fortune they may or may not [have] .

Applicants should possess or expect to obtain shortly a good Honours Degree in Mathematics .
applicants should [have] or expect to obtain shortly a good honours degree in mathematics .

Qualified to PhD , you will possess experience of utilising mathematical modelling of physical or biological systems .
qualified to phd , you will [have] experience of utilising mathematical modelling of physical or biological systems .

You should have a PhD in Biochemistry or have relevant practical experience , and possess a keen interest in the application of specific enzymes and receptors .
you should have a phd in biochemistry or have relevant practical experience , and [have] a keen interest in the application of specific enzymes and receptors .

For those pupils who possess some vision , there will need to be an emphasis on helping them to use this effectively for learning , with special training as well as some adapted materials .
for those pupils who [have] some vision , there will need to be an emphasis on helping them to use this effectively for learning , with special training as well as some adapted materials .

Apathy , lack of confidence and previous discouragement to use sight actively for learning may contribute to the less effective use of the sight a child does possess .
apathy , lack of confidence and previous discouragement to use sight actively for learning may contribute to the less effective use of the sight a child does [have] .

For these reasons the term has been chosen for use in the title of the present book and throughout the text to denote the whole range of children from those who are totally blind through to those who possess useful but impaired vision .
for these reasons the term has been chosen for use in the title of the present book and throughout the text to denote the whole range of children from those who are totally blind through to those who [have] useful but impaired vision .

The important point to stress is that humans appear to possess an innate capacity for finding common cause in a great number of cultural activities , a capacity Carrithers in this volume calls ‘ sociality ’ .
the important point to stress is that humans appear to [have] an innate capacity for finding common cause in a great number of cultural activities , a capacity carrithers in this volume calls ‘ sociality ’ .

Assuming the form of the lost love , the spirit comes in a dream to sexually possess the abandoned one .
assuming the form of the lost love , the spirit comes in a dream to sexually [have] the abandoned one .

Virtually every adult man , and a few older women , possess familiars .
virtually every adult man , and a few older women , [have] familiars .

Male indigo birds sport beautiful metallic blue plumage , while male whydahs sometimes possess spectacularly long tails .
male indigo birds sport beautiful metallic blue plumage , while male whydahs sometimes [have] spectacularly long tails .

The ants ' larvae possess silk glands with which they spin their own pupal cocoons .
the ants ' larvae [have] silk glands with which they spin their own pupal cocoons .

Sea anemones possess stinging cells in their tentacles , which they use to protect themselves and to capture food .
sea anemones [have] stinging cells in their tentacles , which they use to protect themselves and to capture food .

Although it occurs among mammals and birds , few other fish possess binocular vision .
although it occurs among mammals and birds , few other fish [have] binocular vision .

These animals possess the remarkable ability to withstand intense heat and drought for prolonged periods of time .
these animals [have] the remarkable ability to withstand intense heat and drought for prolonged periods of time .

Unlike most snails , which are harmless and graze on plant material , the cones possess a long feeding ‘ nose ’ , the proboscis , which bears barbed teeth and venom .
unlike most snails , which are harmless and graze on plant material , the cones [have] a long feeding ‘ nose ’ , the proboscis , which bears barbed teeth and venom .

Almost all the major fins possess spines and venom glands .
almost all the major fins [have] spines and venom glands .

Since males never had an ovipositor , they do not possess a sting , and can be handled quite safely .
since males never had an ovipositor , they do not [have] a sting , and can be handled quite safely .

Some water shrews and one long-snouted shrew-like animal known as Solenodon , which inhabits Hispaniola and Cuba , possess poisonous saliva .
some water shrews and one long-snouted shrew-like animal known as solenodon , which inhabits hispaniola and cuba , [have] poisonous saliva .

It is curious , too , to note that echidnas also possess spurs but their venom gland is non-functional .
it is curious , too , to note that echidnas also [have] spurs but their venom gland is non-functional .

Yet if many of the toxic chemicals that animals possess have evolved in order to aid survival , either by predation or protection , it may well be that some of these compounds could assist our own survival .
yet if many of the toxic chemicals that animals [have] have evolved in order to aid survival , either by predation or protection , it may well be that some of these compounds could assist our own survival .

In contrast , such animals as the musk ox , ibex , Barbary and bighorn sheep , possess large horns attached to a massively reinforced skull .
in contrast , such animals as the musk ox , ibex , barbary and bighorn sheep , [have] large horns attached to a massively reinforced skull .

Mountain goats possess slim , dagger-like horns .
mountain goats [have] slim , dagger-like horns .

Even if the Carlists were unlikely ever to possess more than nuisance value , the Falange , with its wider appeal and rapid growth-rate , was a different matter .
even if the carlists were unlikely ever to [have] more than nuisance value , the falange , with its wider appeal and rapid growth-rate , was a different matter .

We no longer possess the Susan Membrane that would allow a Marine to enter a state of suspended animation .
we no longer [have] the susan membrane that would allow a marine to enter a state of suspended animation .

The danger is not so much in the actual nuclear weapons that such powers may soon possess , which would be fairly rudimentary , though they could still kill millions of people .
the danger is not so much in the actual nuclear weapons that such powers may soon [have] , which would be fairly rudimentary , though they could still kill millions of people .

Human beings have a need to feel valued , to possess self-esteem , to experience affection and warmth for others and to be liked and loved in return .
human beings have a need to feel valued , to [have] self-esteem , to experience affection and warmth for others and to be liked and loved in return .

The use of labour and material sub-contractors is common practice in the building industry , because : ( a ) The builder does not possess the necessary expert technical knowledge and specialist skills in certain aspects of the construction process .
the use of labour and material sub-contractors is common practice in the building industry , because : ( a ) the builder does not [have] the necessary expert technical knowledge and specialist skills in certain aspects of the construction process .

Mooting not only gives you practice in court procedure but helps to develop the aplomb that every advocate should possess .
mooting not only gives you practice in court procedure but helps to develop the aplomb that every advocate should [have] .

Could it really possess the intelligence to outwit the eight twelves ?
could it really [have] the intelligence to outwit the eight twelves ?

Now , however , her husband had a motor-car — the first Cork Jew to possess one — and as they drove to the synagogue , their distinguished visitor , Karlinsky , beside her in the back seat , she felt she had at last come into her kingdom .
now , however , her husband had a motor-car — the first cork jew to [have] one — and as they drove to the synagogue , their distinguished visitor , karlinsky , beside her in the back seat , she felt she had at last come into her kingdom .

The earliest temple-sculpture we possess is not from a Doric temple but from an attempt to monumentalise the old form .
the earliest temple-sculpture we [have] is not from a doric temple but from an attempt to monumentalise the old form .

We now possess one over life-size kouros in bronze , found in Piraeus in a cache of statues of various dates and origin .
we now [have] one over life-size kouros in bronze , found in piraeus in a cache of statues of various dates and origin .

The original we possess from these years is the famous charioteer of Delphi ( fig .
the original we [have] from these years is the famous charioteer of delphi ( fig .

We possess , however , a refined version , in an ode written by Pindar for a victory in the games here at Olympia in 476 , not many years before this pediment was designed .
we [have] , however , a refined version , in an ode written by pindar for a victory in the games here at olympia in 476 , not many years before this pediment was designed .

The newcomers often possess a set of stereotyped expectations of village life which place a heavy emphasis on the quality of the rural environment .
the newcomers often [have] a set of stereotyped expectations of village life which place a heavy emphasis on the quality of the rural environment .

However , because the village newcomers possess their own cars , the reversal in the decline in rural population has not been accompanied by a revival of public transport .
however , because the village newcomers [have] their own cars , the reversal in the decline in rural population has not been accompanied by a revival of public transport .

These are qualities which disabled people , by virtue of their experiences , are likely to possess .
these are qualities which disabled people , by virtue of their experiences , are likely to [have] .

‘ Being in love … ’ Elinor dreamily remembered what it was like to feel that your lover possessed all the wonderful qualities you wanted , before you realized that he did n't possess them , and that perhaps you had forced those qualities on him in the first place .
‘ being in love … ’ elinor dreamily remembered what it was like to feel that your lover possessed all the wonderful qualities you wanted , before you realized that he did n't [have] them , and that perhaps you had forced those qualities on him in the first place .

Companies may have power in setting the terms of the employment relationship arising from a possible asymmetry in bargaining position , but they also possess power within the relationship .
companies may have power in setting the terms of the employment relationship arising from a possible asymmetry in bargaining position , but they also [have] power within the relationship .

Arguments that companies possess political power , defined here as the ability to influence government policy and law-making , should finally be noted .
arguments that companies [have] political power , defined here as the ability to influence government policy and law-making , should finally be noted .

That foundation is analytically stronger than one relying on the casual observation that since companies possess power , they must use that power ‘ responsibly ’ .
that foundation is analytically stronger than one relying on the casual observation that since companies [have] power , they must use that power ‘ responsibly ’ .

The idea that society is entitled to take whatever steps may be considered necessary to ensure that companies serve the public interest depends on the theory that the only basis on which companies can be allowed to possess power , which effectively means the only basis on which large companies can be allowed to exist , is that they produce consequences beneficial to society .
the idea that society is entitled to take whatever steps may be considered necessary to ensure that companies serve the public interest depends on the theory that the only basis on which companies can be allowed to [have] power , which effectively means the only basis on which large companies can be allowed to exist , is that they produce consequences beneficial to society .

Rather , it is that if we want the benefits of efficient wealth creation it must be acknowledged that companies will inevitably possess power .
rather , it is that if we want the benefits of efficient wealth creation it must be acknowledged that companies will inevitably [have] power .

This also permits the company 's affairs to be placed in the hands of those who are equipped with the special abilities and skills which are necessary for effective management and which many shareholders may not themselves possess ’ .
this also permits the company 's affairs to be placed in the hands of those who are equipped with the special abilities and skills which are necessary for effective management and which many shareholders may not themselves [have] ’ .

It should , however , be the responsibility of the directors to ensure that systems exist for confirming that decision makers possess appropriate skills and for providing adequate performance monitoring .
it should , however , be the responsibility of the directors to ensure that systems exist for confirming that decision makers [have] appropriate skills and for providing adequate performance monitoring .

The cases do suggest , however , that where a director does possess a relevant expertise he should be judged by the standards of a competent practitioner of it , presumably on the ground that he has expressly or impliedly held himself out as being appropriately qualified .
the cases do suggest , however , that where a director does [have] a relevant expertise he should be judged by the standards of a competent practitioner of it , presumably on the ground that he has expressly or impliedly held himself out as being appropriately qualified .

In New Hope Copse she saw at a distance a man holding the hand of a small child , inclining to her the way adults do when walking with little ones , while his free arm swept the air to possess the oaks , the beeches , the ash .
in new hope copse she saw at a distance a man holding the hand of a small child , inclining to her the way adults do when walking with little ones , while his free arm swept the air to [have] the oaks , the beeches , the ash .

Indeed , the vast majority of the 159 member states comprising the United Nations possess codified constitutions , although less than a third of these can fairly claim democratic credentials .
indeed , the vast majority of the 159 member states comprising the united nations [have] codified constitutions , although less than a third of these can fairly claim democratic credentials .

The power which top civil servants and other state administrators possess no doubt varies from country to country , from department to department , and from individual to individual .
the power which top civil servants and other state administrators [have] no doubt varies from country to country , from department to department , and from individual to individual .

Nehru had to acknowledge that he demonstrated ‘ reasonableness , restraint and good breeding ’ , but also he was seen to possess authority and a firm grasp of Afro — Asian realities .
nehru had to acknowledge that he demonstrated ‘ reasonableness , restraint and good breeding ’ , but also he was seen to [have] authority and a firm grasp of afro — asian realities .

Inheritance therefore benefits those who already possess substantial capital assets .
inheritance therefore benefits those who already [have] substantial capital assets .

British workers , even those in employment , possess on average lower skills than workers from major competitor countries .
british workers , even those in employment , [have] on average lower skills than workers from major competitor countries .

It is not presumed that a hunting-gathering society will possess a bureaucracy .
it is not presumed that a hunting-gathering society will [have] a bureaucracy .

This is a universal conception because it can be assumed that all societies and social groups possess , in some form or another , such common sense and practical knowledge .
this is a universal conception because it can be assumed that all societies and social groups [have] , in some form or another , such common sense and practical knowledge .

It can be presumed that all societies possess their own values , stories , rules , theories about the world .
it can be presumed that all societies [have] their own values , stories , rules , theories about the world .

According to the universal conception , the traditional Jew might possess a social representation of a bush .
according to the universal conception , the traditional jew might [have] a social representation of a bush .

The question is whether it was possible for an ancient Athenian to possess a social representation in this sense , or whether we have to wait until the modern age for social representations to appear .
the question is whether it was possible for an ancient athenian to [have] a social representation in this sense , or whether we have to wait until the modern age for social representations to appear .

For instance , a community might possess common-places ( or social representations ) of ‘ justice ’ .
for instance , a community might [have] common-places ( or social representations ) of ‘ justice ’ .

It might also possess social representations of ‘ mercy ’ .
it might also [have] social representations of ‘ mercy ’ .

For each cognitive skill which humans possess , they must also possess its opposite .
for each cognitive skill which humans [have] , they must also [have] its opposite .

The rhetorical theorist does not assume that only some societies possess the rhetorical capacity to argue .
the rhetorical theorist does not assume that only some societies [have] the rhetorical capacity to argue .

Because the antisemitism of the extreme right raises such questions about the future of antisemitism , it is often necessary to pay attention to small extremist groups , which in themselves possess little political importance .
because the antisemitism of the extreme right raises such questions about the future of antisemitism , it is often necessary to pay attention to small extremist groups , which in themselves [have] little political importance .

However , such groups possess a wider significance if they are seen either as representing the last stages of a long , discreditable history , or as one of the means by which this history is transmitted into the future .
however , such groups [have] a wider significance if they are seen either as representing the last stages of a long , discreditable history , or as one of the means by which this history is transmitted into the future .

Such a distinction can lead to an over-psychologization of the study of ideology , for obvious social norms are seen to possess less significance than personal motivations .
such a distinction can lead to an over-psychologization of the study of ideology , for obvious social norms are seen to [have] less significance than personal motivations .

There is also the assumption that an ideology must possess an internal unity .
there is also the assumption that an ideology must [have] an internal unity .

Since the audience is presumed to possess similar views to the speaker , the speaker , in a real sense , is literally engaging in self-justification : the self is being justified by the self to the self .
since the audience is presumed to [have] similar views to the speaker , the speaker , in a real sense , is literally engaging in self-justification : the self is being justified by the self to the self .

In order to engage in such self-justification , the speaker must possess the ideological and argumentative tools for criticizing ‘ prejudice ’ , for the speaker wishes to escape from criticisms which could come equally from both self and audience .
in order to engage in such self-justification , the speaker must [have] the ideological and argumentative tools for criticizing ‘ prejudice ’ , for the speaker wishes to escape from criticisms which could come equally from both self and audience .

If attitudinal justifications , and criticisms of counter-attitudes , are based upon such common-places , then attitudes by their content are socially shared and thereby possess a social significance beyond the motivations and affective reactions of the individual attitude-holder .
if attitudinal justifications , and criticisms of counter-attitudes , are based upon such common-places , then attitudes by their content are socially shared and thereby [have] a social significance beyond the motivations and affective reactions of the individual attitude-holder .

In this respect the approach is similar to that of discourse analysts ( Potter and Wetherell , 1987 ) and social representation theorists ( Moscovici , 1983 , 1984 ) ; both these two approaches also are critical of assumptions that ‘ attitudinal systems ’ possess some sort of internal dynamic towards consistency .
in this respect the approach is similar to that of discourse analysts ( potter and wetherell , 1987 ) and social representation theorists ( moscovici , 1983 , 1984 ) ; both these two approaches also are critical of assumptions that ‘ attitudinal systems ’ [have] some sort of internal dynamic towards consistency .

It is because it is part of the structure of attitudes to possess such unrealized , implicit potentialities , that the implicit aspects can be termed the unstructured pan of the attitudinal structure .
it is because it is part of the structure of attitudes to [have] such unrealized , implicit potentialities , that the implicit aspects can be termed the unstructured pan of the attitudinal structure .

Instead , respondents reveal that they possess the basic elements of a justificatory argument for the monarchy .
instead , respondents reveal that they [have] the basic elements of a justificatory argument for the monarchy .

However , there is a further piece of evidence , which can be used to show how historical circumstances can produce a dramatic demystification of the monarchy , which would not be possible if people did not already possess the ideological tools for critical demystification .
however , there is a further piece of evidence , which can be used to show how historical circumstances can produce a dramatic demystification of the monarchy , which would not be possible if people did not already [have] the ideological tools for critical demystification .

These do not exist to deal with virtually non-existent external challenges , but are necessary because the implicit justifiers of monarchy also possess the ideological wherewithal for implicit criticism .
these do not exist to deal with virtually non-existent external challenges , but are necessary because the implicit justifiers of monarchy also [have] the ideological wherewithal for implicit criticism .

Here , we move to a further degree of abstraction , since things are no longer of interest for some essence they may possess but for their exchangeable aspects .
here , we move to a further degree of abstraction , since things are no longer of interest for some essence they may [have] but for their exchangeable aspects .

This does not follow , however , from Simmel 's approach ; for him , the Walbiri 's intimate relation to the objective forms taken by their social products , and their classifications of the landscape , might well have appeared more ‘ cultured ’ than the attitudes of his German contemporaries , who , in spite of having at their disposal the enormous possibilities of mass culture , did not possess the means for assimilating these into the development of person or group .
this does not follow , however , from simmel 's approach ; for him , the walbiri 's intimate relation to the objective forms taken by their social products , and their classifications of the landscape , might well have appeared more ‘ cultured ’ than the attitudes of his german contemporaries , who , in spite of having at their disposal the enormous possibilities of mass culture , did not [have] the means for assimilating these into the development of person or group .

Objects , however , by virtue of their concrete nature , can never possess that entirely arbitrary and abstract capability .
objects , however , by virtue of their concrete nature , can never [have] that entirely arbitrary and abstract capability .

Almost all mundane objects possess some kind of biography through which their significance may radically alter .
almost all mundane objects [have] some kind of biography through which their significance may radically alter .

Such goods might be divided into those we possess and those we encounter but do not possess .
such goods might be divided into those we [have] and those we encounter but do not [have] .

Efficiency measures are only possible when outputs can be separated from each other and possess uniform characteristics .
efficiency measures are only possible when outputs can be separated from each other and [have] uniform characteristics .

Efficiency measures are only possible when outputs can be separated from each other and possess uniform characteristics .
efficiency measures are only possible when outputs can be separated from each other and [have] uniform characteristics .

Those family systems that possess high potential for cultural development have as one of their necessary components a certain authoritarianism within the parent-child relationship which — on the ideological plane-rules out their close adherence to liberal values .
those family systems that [have] high potential for cultural development have as one of their necessary components a certain authoritarianism within the parent-child relationship which — on the ideological plane-rules out their close adherence to liberal values .

Not only , then , do the agencies possess power to enforce the law , they actually determine the reach of the law , for ( in contrast with the police ) they exercise a real legislative authority , enjoying broad discretion to define what makes ‘ pollution ’ .
not only , then , do the agencies [have] power to enforce the law , they actually determine the reach of the law , for ( in contrast with the police ) they exercise a real legislative authority , enjoying broad discretion to define what makes ‘ pollution ’ .

Each area office is recognized to possess a special character which emanates from the personality and style of the area officer who presides over it .
each area office is recognized to [have] a special character which emanates from the personality and style of the area officer who presides over it .

His area supervisor will also be acquainted with it , but will possess a detailed knowledge only of its conspicuous problems .
his area supervisor will also be acquainted with it , but will [have] a detailed knowledge only of its conspicuous problems .

Field staff , with few exceptions , possess a considerable sense of vocation and idealism , and display a commitment to their ultimate goal of the protection of the environment .
field staff , with few exceptions , [have] a considerable sense of vocation and idealism , and display a commitment to their ultimate goal of the protection of the environment .

It is difficult to maintain control where a scattered enforcement staff possess high discretion .
it is difficult to maintain control where a scattered enforcement staff [have] high discretion .

Since others do not possess the experience or diagnostic expertise of the field officer ( except , in some cases , the discharger himself ) and since reporting is contingent upon the knowledge that there exist means for ‘ doing something about the problem ’ , it follows that the kinds of ‘ pollution ’ most frequently drawn to the agency 's attention are those where the pollution or its consequences are easily noticed and identifiable as ‘ abnormal ’ or ‘ unusual ’ .
since others do not [have] the experience or diagnostic expertise of the field officer ( except , in some cases , the discharger himself ) and since reporting is contingent upon the knowledge that there exist means for ‘ doing something about the problem ’ , it follows that the kinds of ‘ pollution ’ most frequently drawn to the agency 's attention are those where the pollution or its consequences are easily noticed and identifiable as ‘ abnormal ’ or ‘ unusual ’ .

It is , however , no more paradoxical than speaking of John 's arm , when the arm in question is part of the John who is said to possess it ( or the chassis of the car , for ) .
it is , however , no more paradoxical than speaking of john 's arm , when the arm in question is part of the john who is said to [have] it ( or the chassis of the car , for ) .

Indeed , he states quite unequivocally , ‘ in such dwellings every labourer ought to live , and any nobleman might live ’ In the following decade , Pugin also enquires why the middle-class dwelling should be regarded as a scaling down of the houses of the great , for ‘ the smaller detached houses which the present state of society has generated , should possess a peculiar character : they are only objectionable when made to appear diminutive representations of larger structures ’ .
indeed , he states quite unequivocally , ‘ in such dwellings every labourer ought to live , and any nobleman might live ’ in the following decade , pugin also enquires why the middle-class dwelling should be regarded as a scaling down of the houses of the great , for ‘ the smaller detached houses which the present state of society has generated , should [have] a peculiar character : they are only objectionable when made to appear diminutive representations of larger structures ’ .

According to Engels , two-thirds of its working people possess no more than a single room per family , and Roberts 's figures are even more specific : 929 families have only one room , 623 only one bed .
according to engels , two-thirds of its working people [have] no more than a single room per family , and roberts 's figures are even more specific : 929 families have only one room , 623 only one bed .

Occasionally a very clean housekeeper , like Mrs Joe Gargery in Great Expectations , may possess ‘ an exquisite art of making her cleanliness more uncomfortable and unacceptable than dirt itself ’ , rather as some people do their religion ; but for the most part both cleanliness and godliness are of the comfortable variety among the working classes .
occasionally a very clean housekeeper , like mrs joe gargery in great expectations , may [have] ‘ an exquisite art of making her cleanliness more uncomfortable and unacceptable than dirt itself ’ , rather as some people do their religion ; but for the most part both cleanliness and godliness are of the comfortable variety among the working classes .

The economic stresses of our time and the pressures of international competition make it more necessary than ever before that Britain 's work-force should possess the skills and attitudes , and display the understanding , the enterprise and adaptability that the pervasive impact of technological advance will increasingly demand .
the economic stresses of our time and the pressures of international competition make it more necessary than ever before that britain 's work-force should [have] the skills and attitudes , and display the understanding , the enterprise and adaptability that the pervasive impact of technological advance will increasingly demand .

Minimal-competency testing — as mentioned earlier , some 38 states have now introduced laws which require that students should be able to demonstrate that they possess certain basic skills after attendance at public school .
minimal-competency testing — as mentioned earlier , some 38 states have now introduced laws which require that students should be able to demonstrate that they [have] certain basic skills after attendance at public school .

On the one hand it will be argued that organisations possess characteristics and pose problems that go beyond those of their individual members ; on the other hand , some people will take the view that only people , not systems , are capable of change .
on the one hand it will be argued that organisations [have] characteristics and pose problems that go beyond those of their individual members ; on the other hand , some people will take the view that only people , not systems , are capable of change .

Of course few people possess sufficient evidence to argue strongly for the extreme poles of the personal/institutional development issue , and it is unlikely that even Stenhouse or Hoyle would have denied that there is a middle ground which acknowledges the interaction of the system and the individual .
of course few people [have] sufficient evidence to argue strongly for the extreme poles of the personal/institutional development issue , and it is unlikely that even stenhouse or hoyle would have denied that there is a middle ground which acknowledges the interaction of the system and the individual .

According to Simons , evaluation in schools should possess the following characteristics :
according to simons , evaluation in schools should [have] the following characteristics :

The Record Offices of these counties possess a considerable number of awards made by the commissioners , often accompanied by a map showing the new lay-out of the parish , with the fields and roads marked out pretty much as we know them today .
the record offices of these counties [have] a considerable number of awards made by the commissioners , often accompanied by a map showing the new lay-out of the parish , with the fields and roads marked out pretty much as we know them today .

The Lincoln Record Office does not possess a single map of this kind , in an otherwise rich and varied collection of records .
the lincoln record office does not [have] a single map of this kind , in an otherwise rich and varied collection of records .

Hardly a county in England did not possess extensive heathlands .
hardly a county in england did not [have] extensive heathlands .

It is because certain groups are held to exemplify the working of these laws that their structural positions or social attributes are held to possess a special explanatory power , or to equip them with a special ‘ totalizing ’ consciousness .
it is because certain groups are held to exemplify the working of these laws that their structural positions or social attributes are held to [have] a special explanatory power , or to equip them with a special ‘ totalizing ’ consciousness .

But envy is an ambivalent structure of feeling ; it involves the desire to possess certain idealized attributes of the Other and the desire to destroy them because they signify what is felt to be lacking .
but envy is an ambivalent structure of feeling ; it involves the desire to [have] certain idealized attributes of the other and the desire to destroy them because they signify what is felt to be lacking .

The skills they possess make them a valued commodity which most organizations would be loath to lose and keen to gain .
the skills they [have] make them a valued commodity which most organizations would be loath to lose and keen to gain .

The knowledge that you possess must be displayed so as to show the examiner that you have the capacity of logical thought and can build further on your present state of development and knowledge .
the knowledge that you [have] must be displayed so as to show the examiner that you have the capacity of logical thought and can build further on your present state of development and knowledge .

The student taking a written examination , however , very often has only the most rudimentary knowledge of the skills necessary in writing down his thoughts rapidly and accurately and in mastering the subtle techniques of being a successful examinee — techniques that have no connection at all with the amount of knowledge he may possess .
the student taking a written examination , however , very often has only the most rudimentary knowledge of the skills necessary in writing down his thoughts rapidly and accurately and in mastering the subtle techniques of being a successful examinee — techniques that have no connection at all with the amount of knowledge he may [have] .

Research is showing that many animals actually do possess a sixth sense but this is a natural `` supersense `` , rather than anything supernatural .
research is showing that many animals actually do [have] a sixth sense but this is a natural `` supersense `` , rather than anything supernatural .

However , tests have been carried out at Manchester University , England , to find out whether we also possess a natural magnetic sense .
however , tests have been carried out at manchester university , england , to find out whether we also [have] a natural magnetic sense .

As a result , our eyesight is so well developed that few animals possess comparable vision , and we are justified in considering it our supersense .
as a result , our eyesight is so well developed that few animals [have] comparable vision , and we are justified in considering it our supersense .

This was the first clear demonstration that organisms can possess a yearly or circannual rhythm , regulated by day length .
this was the first clear demonstration that organisms can [have] a yearly or circannual rhythm , regulated by day length .

In practice however the beam is not uniform and does not possess perfect cylindrical symmetry .
in practice however the beam is not uniform and does not [have] perfect cylindrical symmetry .

Since evidence suggests that humans also possess binocular cortical neurones and that their connections with the left and right eyes are susceptible to modification , as with the cat and monkey ( Aslin and Banks , 1978 ) , it is not difficult to see the possible extrapolation from the cellular to the hemispheric level ( see also Kinsbourne , 1975b ) .
since evidence suggests that humans also [have] binocular cortical neurones and that their connections with the left and right eyes are susceptible to modification , as with the cat and monkey ( aslin and banks , 1978 ) , it is not difficult to see the possible extrapolation from the cellular to the hemispheric level ( see also kinsbourne , 1975b ) .

Overall , it seems fair to conclude that the right hemisphere does possess some word processing capacity , probably more so for the written than for the spoken word , for concrete or early-learned rather than abstract or later-learned words and for receptive rather than executive aspects of language .
overall , it seems fair to conclude that the right hemisphere does [have] some word processing capacity , probably more so for the written than for the spoken word , for concrete or early-learned rather than abstract or later-learned words and for receptive rather than executive aspects of language .

To cope with such a question you must : ( a ) have read widely and possess a thorough knowledge of the course .
to cope with such a question you must : ( a ) have read widely and [have] a thorough knowledge of the course .

She was depriving him of nothing , taking from him nothing he wanted or could possess .
she was depriving him of nothing , taking from him nothing he wanted or could [have] .

The Loricariids often possess beautiful eyes : and all have an ‘ iris flap ’ which can adjust to limit the amount of light that reaches the inside of the eye .
the loricariids often [have] beautiful eyes : and all have an ‘ iris flap ’ which can adjust to limit the amount of light that reaches the inside of the eye .

Salmonoids , of course , do not need it , as they possess true stomachs — unlike Koi .
salmonoids , of course , do not need it , as they [have] true stomachs — unlike koi .

This sense of the maverick is coupled with a talent for making complex , lyrical films which possess the depth and artistry that is thought to be the sole province of European and art house directors .
this sense of the maverick is coupled with a talent for making complex , lyrical films which [have] the depth and artistry that is thought to be the sole province of european and art house directors .

At a casual glance , Connections appears to possess all the erotic aesthetics of the Adam and Eve , and , therefore , all the erotic aesthetics of a mid-Seventies young offenders ' institute situated on the outskirts of Cardiff .
at a casual glance , connections appears to [have] all the erotic aesthetics of the adam and eve , and , therefore , all the erotic aesthetics of a mid-seventies young offenders ' institute situated on the outskirts of cardiff .

As an example , solicitors are expected to possess a detailed knowledge of certain aspects of the law , to support their client 's interests and respect the confidentiality of their business .
as an example , solicitors are expected to [have] a detailed knowledge of certain aspects of the law , to support their client 's interests and respect the confidentiality of their business .

It refers to the presence of social groups which are ranked one above the other , usually in terms of the amount of power , prestige and wealth their members possess .
it refers to the presence of social groups which are ranked one above the other , usually in terms of the amount of power , prestige and wealth their members [have] .

As you may have gathered , Max Henery seems to possess an inexhaustible supply of self-deprecating deadpan humour , but he is also an extremely determined individual .
as you may have gathered , max henery seems to [have] an inexhaustible supply of self-deprecating deadpan humour , but he is also an extremely determined individual .

Deductive arguments possess that character .
deductive arguments [have] that character .

So far we have mentioned two reasons why theories must be seen as organized structures of some kind : the fact that historical study shows theories to possess that feature and the fact that it is only by way of a coherently structured theory that concepts acquire a precise meaning .
so far we have mentioned two reasons why theories must be seen as organized structures of some kind : the fact that historical study shows theories to [have] that feature and the fact that it is only by way of a coherently structured theory that concepts acquire a precise meaning .

Firstly , a research programme should possess a degree of coherence that involves the mapping out of a definite programme for future research .
firstly , a research programme should [have] a degree of coherence that involves the mapping out of a definite programme for future research .

‘ To suppose , instead , that we possess criteria of rationality which are independent of our understanding of the essentials of the scientific progress is to open the door to cloud-cuckoo land .
‘ to suppose , instead , that we [have] criteria of rationality which are independent of our understanding of the essentials of the scientific progress is to open the door to cloud-cuckoo land .

Possess capital , can afford ‘ character ’ house and run two cars
[have] capital , can afford ‘ character ’ house and run two cars

Fundamentally , many regard the ‘ conflict ’ over housing as an extension of the major divisions in society and argue that the allocation of housing is determined largely by the power that each group has come to possess in a society with a long history of class conflict ( Haddon 1970 ; Duncan 1976 ; Mellor 1977 ) .
fundamentally , many regard the ‘ conflict ’ over housing as an extension of the major divisions in society and argue that the allocation of housing is determined largely by the power that each group has come to [have] in a society with a long history of class conflict ( haddon 1970 ; duncan 1976 ; mellor 1977 ) .

Individuals may not have access to private transport to substitute for inadequate public provision ; they may not be able to obtain a lift when necessary and they may not possess a telephone or the resources to obtain a car or phone .
individuals may not have access to private transport to substitute for inadequate public provision ; they may not be able to obtain a lift when necessary and they may not [have] a telephone or the resources to obtain a car or phone .

It concerns the inherent power which any court of justice must possess to prevent misuse of its procedure in a way which , although not inconsistent with the literal application of its procedural rules , would nevertheless be manifestly unfair to a party to litigation before it , or would otherwise bring the administration of justice into disrepute among right-thinking people .
it concerns the inherent power which any court of justice must [have] to prevent misuse of its procedure in a way which , although not inconsistent with the literal application of its procedural rules , would nevertheless be manifestly unfair to a party to litigation before it , or would otherwise bring the administration of justice into disrepute among right-thinking people .

Similarly , while reproductive media certainly impose constraints and channel musical practice in particular ways , they themselves have to ‘ negotiate ’ with traditions of musical content and practice , which possess a certain level of autonomy and in turn shape the form taken by the media .
similarly , while reproductive media certainly impose constraints and channel musical practice in particular ways , they themselves have to ‘ negotiate ’ with traditions of musical content and practice , which [have] a certain level of autonomy and in turn shape the form taken by the media .

‘ that the master manufacturer , by dividing the work to be executed into different processes , each requiring different degrees of skill or of force , can purchase exactly that precise quantity of both which is necessary for each process ; whereas , if the work were executed by one workman , that person must possess sufficient skill to perform the most difficult , and sufficient strength to execute the most laborious , of the operations into which the art is divided ’ . In commentary on this principle Braverman claims that it is
‘ that the master manufacturer , by dividing the work to be executed into different processes , each requiring different degrees of skill or of force , can purchase exactly that precise quantity of both which is necessary for each process ; whereas , if the work were executed by one workman , that person must [have] sufficient skill to perform the most difficult , and sufficient strength to execute the most laborious , of the operations into which the art is divided ’ . in commentary on this principle braverman claims that it is

But Cooper 's figures also possess a larger than life boldness due not so much to childlike innocence but to the kind of confidence we imagine Eve and Adam had before the Fall , However , she is not confronting us with an easily gained optimism nor do her disembodied heads , upturned women and mild impassive eyes really evoke a vision of dream .
but cooper 's figures also [have] a larger than life boldness due not so much to childlike innocence but to the kind of confidence we imagine eve and adam had before the fall , however , she is not confronting us with an easily gained optimism nor do her disembodied heads , upturned women and mild impassive eyes really evoke a vision of dream .

Particular substances were commonly held to possess magical and even medical potential .
particular substances were commonly held to [have] magical and even medical potential .

Even humble parish churches possess in many cases silver treasures in the paten and chalice used in the rite of communion .
even humble parish churches [have] in many cases silver treasures in the paten and chalice used in the rite of communion .

She is said to possess 10,000 photogenic expressions but , for the time being , she simply sips thoughtfully at her iced Perrier and reflects for possibly the thousandth time on what it actually means to be described as The Most Beautiful Woman in the World .
she is said to [have] 10,000 photogenic expressions but , for the time being , she simply sips thoughtfully at her iced perrier and reflects for possibly the thousandth time on what it actually means to be described as the most beautiful woman in the world .

As well as reducing some sophisticated philosophies down to some fairly crude statements , we have probably also given the impression that penal systems ‘ in the real world ’ at different stages in history possess a consistency and coherence that is in fact largely lacking .
as well as reducing some sophisticated philosophies down to some fairly crude statements , we have probably also given the impression that penal systems ‘ in the real world ’ at different stages in history [have] a consistency and coherence that is in fact largely lacking .

Along with theorists such as Ronald Dworkin ( 1979 ) and Alan Gewirth ( 1979 ) we would hold that each individual human being has certain fundamental rights which we possess equally by virtue of being human .
along with theorists such as ronald dworkin ( 1979 ) and alan gewirth ( 1979 ) we would hold that each individual human being has certain fundamental rights which we [have] equally by virtue of being human .

The economy is the ultimately determining instance , but the superstructural instances of ideology and politics are not mere reflections of it : they possess a ‘ relative autonomy ’ ( Althusser , 1969 : 111 , 240 , 1971 : 135 ) .
the economy is the ultimately determining instance , but the superstructural instances of ideology and politics are not mere reflections of it : they [have] a ‘ relative autonomy ’ ( althusser , 1969 : 111 , 240 , 1971 : 135 ) .

For writers who turned out to possess very high powers began to work .
for writers who turned out to [have] very high powers began to work .

But surely you should possess a copy .
but surely you should [have] a copy .

‘ They must surely possess Perrier water .
‘ they must surely [have] perrier water .

The substance upon which Longivex was based was scarce — located so far on only two worlds of the surveyed systems — and it had proved impossible to manufacture a synthetic substitute which did not possess deadly side effects .
the substance upon which longivex was based was scarce — located so far on only two worlds of the surveyed systems — and it had proved impossible to manufacture a synthetic substitute which did not [have] deadly side effects .

Apart from the fact that these people seem to possess a remarkable amount of scientific knowledge , even though they do not care to employ it , it seems possible that their ideas about civilisation and ours may be quite different .
apart from the fact that these people seem to [have] a remarkable amount of scientific knowledge , even though they do not care to employ it , it seems possible that their ideas about civilisation and ours may be quite different .

If he wanted the elegant clotheshorse , even more did he desire to strip and possess the woman of character .
if he wanted the elegant clotheshorse , even more did he desire to strip and [have] the woman of character .

It was a power he too seemed to possess , she thought , as his kisses became more ardent and her body leapt to life .
it was a power he too seemed to [have] , she thought , as his kisses became more ardent and her body leapt to life .

Green ( 1986 ) has argued that , in the absence of a market in index futures , traders without an initial long position in shares can not reveal any bad news they may possess about share returns because short selling shares is difficult .
green ( 1986 ) has argued that , in the absence of a market in index futures , traders without an initial long position in shares can not reveal any bad news they may [have] about share returns because short selling shares is difficult .

The answer is that he can maintain the action if at the time of the defendant 's act he had ( a ) ownership and possession of the goods , or ( b ) possession of them ; or ( c ) an immediate right to possess them , but without either ownership or actual possession .
the answer is that he can maintain the action if at the time of the defendant 's act he had ( a ) ownership and possession of the goods , or ( b ) possession of them ; or ( c ) an immediate right to [have] them , but without either ownership or actual possession .

And , as we shall see , one who has mere possession at the date of the conversion can generally sue , and so can one who has no more than a right to possess .
and , as we shall see , one who has mere possession at the date of the conversion can generally sue , and so can one who has no more than a right to [have] .

Examples of right to possess
examples of right to [have]

But ( c ) , the immediate right to possess , must be briefly examined .
but ( c ) , the immediate right to [have] , must be briefly examined .

Since so few doctors possess such skills , perhaps we can learn them from teachers outside the medical profession ( at least until there is a sufficiently large body of trained teachers within the profession ) .
since so few doctors [have] such skills , perhaps we can learn them from teachers outside the medical profession ( at least until there is a sufficiently large body of trained teachers within the profession ) .

Thus cells of any particular type possess a set of adhesive properties that may be both spatially and temporally regulated .
thus cells of any particular type [have] a set of adhesive properties that may be both spatially and temporally regulated .

The novelist should possess qualities that are similar to those of a great statesman .
the novelist should [have] qualities that are similar to those of a great statesman .

About a quarter of participants , however , did not operate an asthma clinic or employ a practice nurse trained in asthma care , and a small proportion of participants did not possess a portable nebuliser .
about a quarter of participants , however , did not operate an asthma clinic or employ a practice nurse trained in asthma care , and a small proportion of participants did not [have] a portable nebuliser .

What object of thought is the `` property `` of existence being ascribed to ; a property that — one assumes — such an object may but need not possess ?
what object of thought is the `` property `` of existence being ascribed to ; a property that — one assumes — such an object may but need not [have] ?

Truth is not a `` property `` that a proposition may but need not possess ; nor does truth represent a `` relation `` between a proposition and an `` external `` fact .
truth is not a `` property `` that a proposition may but need not [have] ; nor does truth represent a `` relation `` between a proposition and an `` external `` fact .

It follows that there can be no question of the ontological claims expressed in existential proposition being explicable in terms of attribution of certain properties to certain items which may or may not possess such properties .
it follows that there can be no question of the ontological claims expressed in existential proposition being explicable in terms of attribution of certain properties to certain items which may or may not [have] such properties .

Money procured for Minton the kind of men he needed , but his inability to possess them left him with insatiable desire , to such an extent that his relentless pursuit of young men began to intrude into everything he did .
money procured for minton the kind of men he needed , but his inability to [have] them left him with insatiable desire , to such an extent that his relentless pursuit of young men began to intrude into everything he did .

As Minton was fond of saying , ‘ Do n't possess anything , because if you do it will end up possessing you , ’ he himself not surprisingly felt uncomfortable in this Home Beautiful and , never really liking the place , was to move again after only two years .
as minton was fond of saying , ‘ do n't [have] anything , because if you do it will end up possessing you , ’ he himself not surprisingly felt uncomfortable in this home beautiful and , never really liking the place , was to move again after only two years .

Others , such as Engels ( 1972 ) , have argued that this particular form of domestic oppression exists in order that men may be sure that they pass such property as they possess to their heirs without fear of it going to the sons of other men .
others , such as engels ( 1972 ) , have argued that this particular form of domestic oppression exists in order that men may be sure that they pass such property as they [have] to their heirs without fear of it going to the sons of other men .

Some writers have suggested that men get paid more than women because women can neither work the hours necessary to earn the higher rates , nor do they possess the skills to get the better jobs because of the time and effort they expend on the care of home and children .
some writers have suggested that men get paid more than women because women can neither work the hours necessary to earn the higher rates , nor do they [have] the skills to get the better jobs because of the time and effort they expend on the care of home and children .

Over the last hundred years , women have won most of the legal and political rights that men possess .
over the last hundred years , women have won most of the legal and political rights that men [have] .

Most people possess an ascribed status fixed by their family origin .
most people [have] an ascribed status fixed by their family origin .

Birds possess a similar skill as you will discover if you try to dismantle even the untidiest and most apparently haphazard of twig nests .
birds [have] a similar skill as you will discover if you try to dismantle even the untidiest and most apparently haphazard of twig nests .

To be within the sections a transaction must possess certain features .
to be within the sections a transaction must [have] certain features .

‘ The purpose of section 236 is to enable [ the administrators ] to get sufficient information to reconstitute the state of knowledge that the company should possess .
‘ the purpose of section 236 is to enable [ the administrators ] to get sufficient information to reconstitute the state of knowledge that the company should [have] .

In addition to the main blade ( which measures 15cms long by 12cms wide ) the shovel possess a small ‘ pick ’ type tapering blade , 11 cms long and of rounded section .
in addition to the main blade ( which measures 15cms long by 12cms wide ) the shovel [have] a small ‘ pick ’ type tapering blade , 11 cms long and of rounded section .

You attempt things you previously would not have had the courage to do because you know you possess the power to save yourself ’ .
you attempt things you previously would not have had the courage to do because you know you [have] the power to save yourself ’ .

And Paul claims that God has done so , through the Spirit interpreting spiritual truths to men who possess the Spirit .
and paul claims that god has done so , through the spirit interpreting spiritual truths to men who [have] the spirit .

And to possess the pledge of the Spirit is interpreted as living the life of faith ( 2 Cor .
and to [have] the pledge of the spirit is interpreted as living the life of faith ( 2 cor .

Most of all , perhaps , the love for God and for our fellows which the Holy Spirit produces in our hearts , a quality which we do not possess independently of him ( 4 : 18ff ) .
most of all , perhaps , the love for god and for our fellows which the holy spirit produces in our hearts , a quality which we do not [have] independently of him ( 4 : 18ff ) .

If there are two parties each putting forward programmes which they are pledged to carry out if elected to government , and which they are able to carry out because they possess sufficient internal cohesion , then the electorate in choosing a programme ( and a programme at that which has been drawn up to appeal to their interests ) mandates a party to carry out its programme and holds the party accountable for its adequate fulfillment at the next election .
if there are two parties each putting forward programmes which they are pledged to carry out if elected to government , and which they are able to carry out because they [have] sufficient internal cohesion , then the electorate in choosing a programme ( and a programme at that which has been drawn up to appeal to their interests ) mandates a party to carry out its programme and holds the party accountable for its adequate fulfillment at the next election .

They assume that people know where their own best interests lie ; they assume that people will automatically participate in politics if their interests are threatened ; and they assume that all interests possess the `` potential `` to organise and be influential in politics .
they assume that people know where their own best interests lie ; they assume that people will automatically participate in politics if their interests are threatened ; and they assume that all interests [have] the `` potential `` to organise and be influential in politics .

So , pluralists argue that if those of economic wealth are not directly involved in public policy-making then this is some kind of proof that they lack political power , but if poorer people are not directly involved then it is suggested that they are satisfied and enjoy power because politicians will `` anticipate `` their concerns and they themselves possess the `` potential `` to organise for their own advantage .
so , pluralists argue that if those of economic wealth are not directly involved in public policy-making then this is some kind of proof that they lack political power , but if poorer people are not directly involved then it is suggested that they are satisfied and enjoy power because politicians will `` anticipate `` their concerns and they themselves [have] the `` potential `` to organise for their own advantage .

* lack of knowledge of regional , national or international trends — individual salespeople are not likely to be in a position to possess a toad knowledge of the market .
* lack of knowledge of regional , national or international trends — individual salespeople are not likely to be in a position to [have] a toad knowledge of the market .

These sets of buyers should possess distinguishing characteristics so that ( i ) they may be used as marketing targets against which products are positioned to meet segment customer need ; ( ii ) a marketing mix appropriate to a particular segment may be selected .
these sets of buyers should [have] distinguishing characteristics so that ( i ) they may be used as marketing targets against which products are positioned to meet segment customer need ; ( ii ) a marketing mix appropriate to a particular segment may be selected .

Only the Neds possess the kind of lands-next-door-making-a-racket charisma that rockets them into your heart .
only the neds [have] the kind of lands-next-door-making-a-racket charisma that rockets them into your heart .

possess .
[have] .

In any case , the attractiveness of the Dip.HE for mature students who are not required to possess the two A-levels qualification will presumably remain .
in any case , the attractiveness of the dip.he for mature students who are not required to [have] the two a-levels qualification will presumably remain .

But pigeons must possess some other compass sense as well as the sun , because they can navigate correctly on overcast days , when the position of the sun is invisible .
but pigeons must [have] some other compass sense as well as the sun , because they can navigate correctly on overcast days , when the position of the sun is invisible .

They must possess some hidden function to compensate their obvious disadvantages , because if they did not they would have been eliminated by negative selection .
they must [have] some hidden function to compensate their obvious disadvantages , because if they did not they would have been eliminated by negative selection .

The theory of Darwin and Fisher is the only coherent explanation we possess for such characters .
the theory of darwin and fisher is the only coherent explanation we [have] for such characters .

Otto Weininger , gynaecologist and polemicist , wrote in 1906 that ‘ man possesses sexual organs ; her sexual organs possess woman ’ .
otto weininger , gynaecologist and polemicist , wrote in 1906 that ‘ man possesses sexual organs ; her sexual organs [have] woman ’ .

Secondly , the courts have however emphasised that tribunals possess a discretion as to whether to allow such representation , and are willing to review the manner in which the discretion is exercised .
secondly , the courts have however emphasised that tribunals [have] a discretion as to whether to allow such representation , and are willing to review the manner in which the discretion is exercised .

Whether the material thus collected can be summarised , and whether all those on the deciding authority must possess all the papers will depend on the nature of the function being performed and the language of the enabling statute .
whether the material thus collected can be summarised , and whether all those on the deciding authority must [have] all the papers will depend on the nature of the function being performed and the language of the enabling statute .

However , the courts possess considerable discretion as to whether to utilise this armoury .
however , the courts [have] considerable discretion as to whether to utilise this armoury .

If the above arguments possess cogency , how can control be achieved without review becoming like appeal and without allowing the tribunal to have unlimited power ?
if the above arguments [have] cogency , how can control be achieved without review becoming like appeal and without allowing the tribunal to have unlimited power ?

Secondly , and of equal importance , is the fact that the courts possess creative choice as to the general intensity of review which should operate within a particular area .
secondly , and of equal importance , is the fact that the courts [have] creative choice as to the general intensity of review which should operate within a particular area .

The American doctrine may however possess more rigour for certain related reasons .
the american doctrine may however [have] more rigour for certain related reasons .

Thérèse did not possess a hair shirt , or a belt spiked with rusty nails , or a scourge .
thérèse did not [have] a hair shirt , or a belt spiked with rusty nails , or a scourge .

The relative autonomy which the state appears to possess is in fact functionally necessary because of the institutional separation of polity and economy in capitalism .
the relative autonomy which the state appears to [have] is in fact functionally necessary because of the institutional separation of polity and economy in capitalism .

The influence that local government units , for example , in the United States and Britain possess through the ‘ intergovernmental lobby ’ ( i.e .
the influence that local government units , for example , in the united states and britain [have] through the ‘ intergovernmental lobby ’ ( i.e .

While he accepts that the political system does possess power this , for him .
while he accepts that the political system does [have] power this , for him .

The concentration of neurons in ganglia is perhaps the first step towards building a brain , but even the appearance of a large head ganglion does not ensure that brains of the sort that humans and other mammals possess are the only design solution that can result .
the concentration of neurons in ganglia is perhaps the first step towards building a brain , but even the appearance of a large head ganglion does not ensure that brains of the sort that humans and other mammals [have] are the only design solution that can result .

Lichens that survive cold and desiccation on mountain tops in temperate regions may find tundra winters only marginally more difficult , and tundra summers an unaccustomed blessing ; the adaptations they already possess for harsh temperate environments become pre-adaptations for polar living .
lichens that survive cold and desiccation on mountain tops in temperate regions may find tundra winters only marginally more difficult , and tundra summers an unaccustomed blessing ; the adaptations they already [have] for harsh temperate environments become pre-adaptations for polar living .

Emperor penguins ( Figure 6.4 ) , breeding furthest south and across midwinter , not surprisingly possess the best insulation of all .
emperor penguins ( figure 6.4 ) , breeding furthest south and across midwinter , not surprisingly [have] the best insulation of all .

‘ How many — fingers — do you possess ?
‘ how many — fingers — do you [have] ?

Central and local government compete for maximum advantage and possess different resources .
central and local government compete for maximum advantage and [have] different resources .

This unpalatable circumstance could result in the very real possibility that Cassie would get a lower price for the cottage than she had paid for it , thus resulting in the disastrous situation of owing the Building Society money which she did not possess .
this unpalatable circumstance could result in the very real possibility that cassie would get a lower price for the cottage than she had paid for it , thus resulting in the disastrous situation of owing the building society money which she did not [have] .

In the life-givingness of words , Architecture and Building possess the loveliest vocabularies : chamfer , aedicule , caryatid , quoin , hammerbeam , oriel , newel , mandorla , garth — a music unto itself .
in the life-givingness of words , architecture and building [have] the loveliest vocabularies : chamfer , aedicule , caryatid , quoin , hammerbeam , oriel , newel , mandorla , garth — a music unto itself .

they possess a true ‘ soccer consciousness ’ ) .
they [have] a true ‘ soccer consciousness ’ ) .

The status in the novel of the different types of theoretical discourse varies according to the degree of ‘ internal dialogization ’ these writings possess .
the status in the novel of the different types of theoretical discourse varies according to the degree of ‘ internal dialogization ’ these writings [have] .

In Brooke-Rose 's view , the role of the novel as a self-consciously written , fictional , narrative genre is to remind other discourses that they too possess the same attributes of logical paradox , fictionality , and narrativity .
in brooke-rose 's view , the role of the novel as a self-consciously written , fictional , narrative genre is to remind other discourses that they too [have] the same attributes of logical paradox , fictionality , and narrativity .

The sergeant felt uncomfortable , as if the millionaire was trying to possess them through his unwavering stare , attempting to inveigle them into doing his will .
the sergeant felt uncomfortable , as if the millionaire was trying to [have] them through his unwavering stare , attempting to inveigle them into doing his will .

Indeed , in many organisations , the tasks of project appraisal have been taken over by corporate planners , whose primary concern is to ensure that projects , however viable , possess ‘ strategic fit ’ , ie they conform with the long-term aims of the organisation .
indeed , in many organisations , the tasks of project appraisal have been taken over by corporate planners , whose primary concern is to ensure that projects , however viable , [have] ‘ strategic fit ’ , ie they conform with the long-term aims of the organisation .

An extract from the bark of the conifer Pinus Pinnaster has been found to possess exceptional anti-oxidant properties .
an extract from the bark of the conifer pinus pinnaster has been found to [have] exceptional anti-oxidant properties .

As a detector owner you probably already possess most of the equipment used by beachcombers .
as a detector owner you probably already [have] most of the equipment used by beachcombers .

There was a silence in Cadfael 's workshop in the herb garden , once Hugh had told the full story of Saint Winifred 's odyssey , and how , and in what mood , Robert Beaumont had entered the contest to possess her .
there was a silence in cadfael 's workshop in the herb garden , once hugh had told the full story of saint winifred 's odyssey , and how , and in what mood , robert beaumont had entered the contest to [have] her .

Within this simplified conception , the role of linguistic factors in education is easy to define : some children come to school equipped with an elaborated code which enables them to be successful in class because they can use it to analyse , describe , speculate , and so on ; other children fail , because they do not possess this code .
within this simplified conception , the role of linguistic factors in education is easy to define : some children come to school equipped with an elaborated code which enables them to be successful in class because they can use it to analyse , describe , speculate , and so on ; other children fail , because they do not [have] this code .

‘ Structural equality ’ : does every language variety possess an equal repertoire of structural and lexical items ?
‘ structural equality ’ : does every language variety [have] an equal repertoire of structural and lexical items ?

They found this conception too optimistic and accepted that not all schoolchildren possess the linguistic means to cope with their present communicative needs .
they found this conception too optimistic and accepted that not all schoolchildren [have] the linguistic means to cope with their present communicative needs .

The Bullock Report ( 1975 : 339–40 ) attempted to define the ‘ minimum specifications ’ of knowledge about language that every teacher should possess . This minimum includes seven main areas :
the bullock report ( 1975 : 339–40 ) attempted to define the ‘ minimum specifications ’ of knowledge about language that every teacher should [have] . this minimum includes seven main areas :

It can give teachers more insights into the kinds of communication skills that school demands from children but which many children may not possess e.g. the ability to process context-independent speech , to use language for certain intellectual functions or to process certain kinds of written language ( see Perera , 1982 ) .
it can give teachers more insights into the kinds of communication skills that school demands from children but which many children may not [have] e.g. the ability to process context-independent speech , to use language for certain intellectual functions or to process certain kinds of written language ( see perera , 1982 ) .

This struggle is caused by endeavour on the part of species to extend their area of distribution by the aid of such means of migration as they possess .
this struggle is caused by endeavour on the part of species to extend their area of distribution by the aid of such means of migration as they [have] .

‘ Her example proves the nobility of soul the native can possess when tutored in the ways of godliness and truth .
‘ her example proves the nobility of soul the native can [have] when tutored in the ways of godliness and truth .

The metaphor of commodity suggests itself ( with its marxian overtones ) precisely because research has become part of academic currency , bestowing credibility on those who possess a curriculum vitae listing their research publications .
the metaphor of commodity suggests itself ( with its marxian overtones ) precisely because research has become part of academic currency , bestowing credibility on those who [have] a curriculum vitae listing their research publications .

If the members of the academic community do not possess the rights in question , then they must belong to some other grouping , whether agencies of the state , local councillors , professional bodies or even students .
if the members of the academic community do not [have] the rights in question , then they must belong to some other grouping , whether agencies of the state , local councillors , professional bodies or even students .

This means that whatever a lecturer 's status as an authority in his or her own epistemic community , the lecturer also has to possess as a successful teacher the authority to manage effectively his or her students ' learning .
this means that whatever a lecturer 's status as an authority in his or her own epistemic community , the lecturer also has to [have] as a successful teacher the authority to manage effectively his or her students ' learning .

The desktop systems simply do not possess the storage capacity or speed required to manipulate colour documents of more than a page or two , let alone have the operator skills .
the desktop systems simply do not [have] the storage capacity or speed required to manipulate colour documents of more than a page or two , let alone have the operator skills .

While the Macintosh still possess all the benefits it seems , to a casual observer , to be an incompatible system .
while the macintosh still [have] all the benefits it seems , to a casual observer , to be an incompatible system .

The third and final stage that you have to go through before you can even begin to decide what electronic publishing system ( or systems ) will be suitable is that of discovering the skills that your staff possess .
the third and final stage that you have to go through before you can even begin to decide what electronic publishing system ( or systems ) will be suitable is that of discovering the skills that your staff [have] .

Senior managers may have the resource power to grant promotion or pay increases to subordinates ; trade unions possess the resource power to take their members out on strike .
senior managers may have the resource power to grant promotion or pay increases to subordinates ; trade unions [have] the resource power to take their members out on strike .

‘ All women possess not the Amazonian spirit of a Wolstonecraft [ sic ] ; but , indeed , unremitted oppression is sometimes a sufficient apology for their throwing off the gentle garb of a female .
‘ all women [have] not the amazonian spirit of a wolstonecraft [ sic ] ; but , indeed , unremitted oppression is sometimes a sufficient apology for their throwing off the gentle garb of a female .

He did not possess a markedly religious temperament , and most of his concerns were those he could share with lay people .
he did not [have] a markedly religious temperament , and most of his concerns were those he could share with lay people .

In whatever he did he displayed a strong didactic tendency and was always guided by his self-proclaimed precept that every ‘ social organism must possess a definite physical structure ’ .
in whatever he did he displayed a strong didactic tendency and was always guided by his self-proclaimed precept that every ‘ social organism must [have] a definite physical structure ’ .

Worsley claimed to possess a degree from Trinity College .
worsley claimed to [have] a degree from trinity college .

For the first time , it makes it an offence to possess racially inflammatory material , and films , videos and records are brought explicitly within the ambit of the Act .
for the first time , it makes it an offence to [have] racially inflammatory material , and films , videos and records are brought explicitly within the ambit of the act .

Relatively ignorant , inexperienced and amateur politicians may find themselves at the mercy of the bureaucracies , which possess knowledge , experience and technical expertise .
relatively ignorant , inexperienced and amateur politicians may find themselves at the mercy of the bureaucracies , which [have] knowledge , experience and technical expertise .

Because ecosystems in a steady state possess the property of self-regulation this is analogous to mechanisms such as homeostasis in living organisms , feedback principles in cybernetics and servomechanisms in systems engineering .
because ecosystems in a steady state [have] the property of self-regulation this is analogous to mechanisms such as homeostasis in living organisms , feedback principles in cybernetics and servomechanisms in systems engineering .

Trumpet players in dance bands possess many different sorts of mutes with a corresponding number of resultant timbres .
trumpet players in dance bands [have] many different sorts of mutes with a corresponding number of resultant timbres .

To enable waves to break some distance offshore it is necessary that the offshore profile should possess a very gentle gradient .
to enable waves to break some distance offshore it is necessary that the offshore profile should [have] a very gentle gradient .

Any foreshore of gentle gradient can be seen to possess irregularities in its surface usually in the form of broad ridges and swells and shallow depressions .
any foreshore of gentle gradient can be seen to [have] irregularities in its surface usually in the form of broad ridges and swells and shallow depressions .

Where the rivers have flowed transverse to the structure rias formed in them will have a much more irregular plan : the main arm of the ria may not be straight and it may possess branches developed along weaker beds followed by the courses of previous subsequent streams .
where the rivers have flowed transverse to the structure rias formed in them will have a much more irregular plan : the main arm of the ria may not be straight and it may [have] branches developed along weaker beds followed by the courses of previous subsequent streams .

Most of the rivers of eastern and southern England possess buried channels , graded to a much lower base level and now completely filled with alluvium .
most of the rivers of eastern and southern england [have] buried channels , graded to a much lower base level and now completely filled with alluvium .

Difficulties arise when individuals are asked to develop , qualities which they do not possess or which they have previously dismissed as irrelevant or not worth possessing .
difficulties arise when individuals are asked to develop , qualities which they do not [have] or which they have previously dismissed as irrelevant or not worth possessing .

Thus to ask the civil servant to cut costs irrespective of the effect on the quality of the service provided may be difficult not only if the civil servant does not possess the appropriate financial skills but also if the civil servant takes pride in the quality of service provided .
thus to ask the civil servant to cut costs irrespective of the effect on the quality of the service provided may be difficult not only if the civil servant does not [have] the appropriate financial skills but also if the civil servant takes pride in the quality of service provided .

This transmission of culture is aided by the tendency to recruit in ‘ one 's own image ’ where members of interview panels tend to look for similar qualities that they themselves possess when recruiting new members .
this transmission of culture is aided by the tendency to recruit in ‘ one 's own image ’ where members of interview panels tend to look for similar qualities that they themselves [have] when recruiting new members .

The Oxford and Cambridge arts and classicist graduates at the top of the civil service may , consciously or subconsciously , favour individuals from similar backgrounds because such candidates will possess similar qualities to themselves .
the oxford and cambridge arts and classicist graduates at the top of the civil service may , consciously or subconsciously , favour individuals from similar backgrounds because such candidates will [have] similar qualities to themselves .

The commune would possess this type of culture .
the commune would [have] this type of culture .

Individuals who possess certain skills may also find their power diminished if those skills are made redundant by developments in new technology .
individuals who [have] certain skills may also find their power diminished if those skills are made redundant by developments in new technology .

The politician may not possess this knowledge .
the politician may not [have] this knowledge .

Thus the power of advertising is such that we believe that our lives will be unbearable unless we possess the latest dishwasher , video recorder or television set .
thus the power of advertising is such that we believe that our lives will be unbearable unless we [have] the latest dishwasher , video recorder or television set .

This should come as no surprise since leaders possess a certain amount of power .
this should come as no surprise since leaders [have] a certain amount of power .

The theory states that individuals possess certain characteristics so that they are predisposed to act in a certain way within a given situation .
the theory states that individuals [have] certain characteristics so that they are predisposed to act in a certain way within a given situation .

Although all things are not possible all of the time students possess a considerable measure of initiative in programme design .
although all things are not possible all of the time students [have] a considerable measure of initiative in programme design .

Though the Japanese are by no means a lazy or an idle race , and though they possess none of that apathetic indolence common to those Eastern races who dwell beneath a tropical sun , still all notions of speed , haste or flurry are utterly foreign to their nature .
though the japanese are by no means a lazy or an idle race , and though they [have] none of that apathetic indolence common to those eastern races who dwell beneath a tropical sun , still all notions of speed , haste or flurry are utterly foreign to their nature .

Belgium was the first European country to possess a fully fledged rail network .
belgium was the first european country to [have] a fully fledged rail network .

The great goods depots of London possess an importance superior even to that of the passenger termini themselves and furnish to the keen observer fields of study every whit as interesting as those afforded by the heterogeneous masses of humanity which daily pack themselves into express and local trains .
the great goods depots of london [have] an importance superior even to that of the passenger termini themselves and furnish to the keen observer fields of study every whit as interesting as those afforded by the heterogeneous masses of humanity which daily pack themselves into express and local trains .

He was content to give himself up to the occasion , similar to others he had described in his own books but none of which had ever seemed to possess the colour , the noise , the smell , the sheer vibrancy that was before him now .
he was content to give himself up to the occasion , similar to others he had described in his own books but none of which had ever seemed to [have] the colour , the noise , the smell , the sheer vibrancy that was before him now .

In order for a planet to possess a magnetosphere it need not have an internal magnetic dipole moment .
in order for a planet to [have] a magnetosphere it need not have an internal magnetic dipole moment .

( 5 ) Victory in a symbolic struggle means that one 's symbolic goods have been judged to possess more value than those of one 's competitors .
( 5 ) victory in a symbolic struggle means that one 's symbolic goods have been judged to [have] more value than those of one 's competitors .

The unequal status which women possess in society results in a situation in which what they have to say is for many purposes discounted or reinterpreted for them .
the unequal status which women [have] in society results in a situation in which what they have to say is for many purposes discounted or reinterpreted for them .

First , however , we examine passive resonators , which are perhaps the simplest of all optical systems , and indeed , in one limit , reduce to a one-dimensional noninvertible map , and thus possess a period-doubling route to chaos .
first , however , we examine passive resonators , which are perhaps the simplest of all optical systems , and indeed , in one limit , reduce to a one-dimensional noninvertible map , and thus [have] a period-doubling route to chaos .

Emphasis has been laid before on the commercial environment in which we operate , and also of the good , practical , commonsense business efficacy that any conveyancer ought to possess before entering into private practice .
emphasis has been laid before on the commercial environment in which we operate , and also of the good , practical , commonsense business efficacy that any conveyancer ought to [have] before entering into private practice .

The criminal courts do possess a discretionary power to make compensation orders where a supplier is prosecuted to conviction in the case of personal injury loss or damage ( s35 of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 as amended by s67 of the Criminal Justice Act 1982 ) .
the criminal courts do [have] a discretionary power to make compensation orders where a supplier is prosecuted to conviction in the case of personal injury loss or damage ( s35 of the powers of criminal courts act 1973 as amended by s67 of the criminal justice act 1982 ) .

But a better reason is the importance in the public interest that the truth should out … The right of free speech is one which it is for the public interest that individuals should possess , and , indeed , that they should exercise without impediment , so long as no wrongful act is done .
but a better reason is the importance in the public interest that the truth should out … the right of free speech is one which it is for the public interest that individuals should [have] , and , indeed , that they should exercise without impediment , so long as no wrongful act is done .

The one occasion when written and broadcast reports of statements made by persons who possess absolute privilege are themselves absolutely privileged is when they concern proceedings in the courts .
the one occasion when written and broadcast reports of statements made by persons who [have] absolute privilege are themselves absolutely privileged is when they concern proceedings in the courts .

Their luminal surfaces possess microvilli which increase the absorptive capacity of the cells .
their luminal surfaces [have] microvilli which increase the absorptive capacity of the cells .

For the first time she could sense what it must be like to possess the surgeon 's power almost of life and death , the satisfaction of knowing your actions had helped to save a life or bring a new one into the world , and she had been a part , albeit a small one , of the drama .
for the first time she could sense what it must be like to [have] the surgeon 's power almost of life and death , the satisfaction of knowing your actions had helped to save a life or bring a new one into the world , and she had been a part , albeit a small one , of the drama .

Then , as his lips possessed her , carrying her towards heaven , his hand swept round suddenly to possess her swelling breast .
then , as his lips possessed her , carrying her towards heaven , his hand swept round suddenly to [have] her swelling breast .

She had always suspected that he 'd had little time for any brain power that she might possess — just as she had always known that her chief value for him had been the almost instantaneous sexual desire they had felt for each other .
she had always suspected that he 'd had little time for any brain power that she might [have] — just as she had always known that her chief value for him had been the almost instantaneous sexual desire they had felt for each other .

But to show such contempt , such disregard of what talent she might possess — that was what she found unforgivable .
but to show such contempt , such disregard of what talent she might [have] — that was what she found unforgivable .

That she chose to remain silent was out of loyalty — just one of the many little attributes that , according to him , she did not possess .
that she chose to remain silent was out of loyalty — just one of the many little attributes that , according to him , she did not [have] .

‘ And the strength it took to keep your secret to yourself is the kind of strength that very few possess .
‘ and the strength it took to keep your secret to yourself is the kind of strength that very few [have] .

People who possess wealth , whether it be wealthy people or simply small savers , have to decide the best form in which to hold that wealth . Do they keep it in cash in a piggy bank , or in a current account in a real bank ; or do they put it in some interest bearing time account ; or do they buy stocks and shares or government bonds ; or do they buy some physical asset such as a car or property ?
people who [have] wealth , whether it be wealthy people or simply small savers , have to decide the best form in which to hold that wealth . do they keep it in cash in a piggy bank , or in a current account in a real bank ; or do they put it in some interest bearing time account ; or do they buy stocks and shares or government bonds ; or do they buy some physical asset such as a car or property ?

Perhaps the English do not know what an immense treasure they possess in having maintained the choral tradition in colleges and churches , since it provides an unsurpassable musical training , an important number of truly fine choirs , and , finally , the possibility to experience ( and for the listener , to enjoy ) repertories that the long-suffering Spanish enthusiast scarcely knows since they are not performed [ in Spain ] .
perhaps the english do not know what an immense treasure they [have] in having maintained the choral tradition in colleges and churches , since it provides an unsurpassable musical training , an important number of truly fine choirs , and , finally , the possibility to experience ( and for the listener , to enjoy ) repertories that the long-suffering spanish enthusiast scarcely knows since they are not performed [ in spain ] .

The situation is not desperate although it should be remedied because many Insular musicians , judged in relation to their European counterparts , possess a remarkable ability to produce an accurate performance virtually at sight , a skill acquired by many singers during years of preparing services under pressure in cathedrals and Oxbridge chapels .
the situation is not desperate although it should be remedied because many insular musicians , judged in relation to their european counterparts , [have] a remarkable ability to produce an accurate performance virtually at sight , a skill acquired by many singers during years of preparing services under pressure in cathedrals and oxbridge chapels .

’ It was the final straw ; she could see he knew everything , everything , and that took away every last hidden ace she had ever hoped to possess .
’ it was the final straw ; she could see he knew everything , everything , and that took away every last hidden ace she had ever hoped to [have] .

His desire to possess her was rooted in the world of ambition , not the heart .
his desire to [have] her was rooted in the world of ambition , not the heart .

She 'd seen the same thing happen to too many others in the music business , not because they 'd tried and failed to be carbon copies of Aurora Blake , but simply because they 'd tried to force a talent they simply did n't possess .
she 'd seen the same thing happen to too many others in the music business , not because they 'd tried and failed to be carbon copies of aurora blake , but simply because they 'd tried to force a talent they simply did n't [have] .

He 'd have wished to own her , body and soul , to possess her .
he 'd have wished to own her , body and soul , to [have] her .

Interconnected pores in soils and rock possess a suction in a manner analogous to a capillary tube and this can be measured by the upward movement of water against the force of gravity .
interconnected pores in soils and rock [have] a suction in a manner analogous to a capillary tube and this can be measured by the upward movement of water against the force of gravity .

a task for which , curiously , she was required to show , or to possess , neither intelligence nor knowledge ( ‘ Be good sweet maid and let who will be clever ’ , as Charles Kingsley put it ) . This was not merely because the new function of the bourgeois wife , to show off the capacity of the bourgeois husband to keep her in leisure and luxury , conflicted with the old functions of actually running a household , but also because her inferiority to the man must be demonstrable :
a task for which , curiously , she was required to show , or to [have] , neither intelligence nor knowledge ( ‘ be good sweet maid and let who will be clever ’ , as charles kingsley put it ) . this was not merely because the new function of the bourgeois wife , to show off the capacity of the bourgeois husband to keep her in leisure and luxury , conflicted with the old functions of actually running a household , but also because her inferiority to the man must be demonstrable :

For example , in many cases it may be considered sufficient to order the parties to file and deliver lists only of the documents they actually possess .
for example , in many cases it may be considered sufficient to order the parties to file and deliver lists only of the documents they actually [have] .

Ecotopian biotechnology on the contrary would possess an infrastructure based firstly on ecological rationality and secondarily on an economic basis .
ecotopian biotechnology on the contrary would [have] an infrastructure based firstly on ecological rationality and secondarily on an economic basis .

The antithetical models of design 's significance that we possess today , all of which contain implicitly or explicitly a view of `` design-and-society `` relations ( for example the view that sees design as merely the activity of commodity shaping , or the view that sees design as the activity which alone allows us to organise consciously the meeting of material human needs — which `` involve things or usable products `` — in forms consonant with and conducive to particular kinds of social relations or ways of life … ) contain also , naturally , a view of what design is .
the antithetical models of design 's significance that we [have] today , all of which contain implicitly or explicitly a view of `` design-and-society `` relations ( for example the view that sees design as merely the activity of commodity shaping , or the view that sees design as the activity which alone allows us to organise consciously the meeting of material human needs — which `` involve things or usable products `` — in forms consonant with and conducive to particular kinds of social relations or ways of life … ) contain also , naturally , a view of what design is .

Schaar distinguishes between those fragments which possess `` free semantic energy `` , i.e .
schaar distinguishes between those fragments which [have] `` free semantic energy `` , i.e .

which are interpretable out of context , and those which possess `` latent energy `` , i.e .
which are interpretable out of context , and those which [have] `` latent energy `` , i.e .

From the Cairngorms through the Spey valley pinewoods round Abernethy and Rothiemurchus , out to Wester Ross and even the inner isles , so much wild country is changing hands — or at least changing status — that is has begun to look as if Scotland might at last be able to possess a tract of untroubled land , a sanctuary free of commercial pressures and of what the poet Thomas Grey called ‘ the pomp of power ’ , where native wildlife could flourish and humans meditate upon their species ' past follies and arrogance .
from the cairngorms through the spey valley pinewoods round abernethy and rothiemurchus , out to wester ross and even the inner isles , so much wild country is changing hands — or at least changing status — that is has begun to look as if scotland might at last be able to [have] a tract of untroubled land , a sanctuary free of commercial pressures and of what the poet thomas grey called ‘ the pomp of power ’ , where native wildlife could flourish and humans meditate upon their species ' past follies and arrogance .

Bog asphodel and damselfly. ‘ … it has begun to look as if Scotland might at last be able to possess a tract of untroubled land , a sanctuary free of commercial pressures … where native wildlife could flourish and humans meditate upon their species ’ past follies and arrogance . ’
bog asphodel and damselfly. ‘ … it has begun to look as if scotland might at last be able to [have] a tract of untroubled land , a sanctuary free of commercial pressures … where native wildlife could flourish and humans meditate upon their species ’ past follies and arrogance . ’

Almost all polytheistic faiths possess family-trees of their gods which can figure in creation stories .
almost all polytheistic faiths [have] family-trees of their gods which can figure in creation stories .

In the Bible we rarely possess two or more parallel documents where we can see how one writer used another as his source .
in the bible we rarely [have] two or more parallel documents where we can see how one writer used another as his source .

How do we know when it was written , and the date of the copy we possess ?
how do we know when it was written , and the date of the copy we [have] ?

Some of those who did not possess a faith in God which was proof against all adversities now saw that the great hope of a relief force reaching them , which had so far buoyed them up , was an illusory one ; even if a relief now came , in many different ways it would be too late and not only because so many of the garrison were already dead ; India itself was now a different place ; the fiction of happy natives being led forward along the road to civilization could no longer be sustained .
some of those who did not [have] a faith in god which was proof against all adversities now saw that the great hope of a relief force reaching them , which had so far buoyed them up , was an illusory one ; even if a relief now came , in many different ways it would be too late and not only because so many of the garrison were already dead ; india itself was now a different place ; the fiction of happy natives being led forward along the road to civilization could no longer be sustained .

Only after his father 's return to England in July do we possess any report of activity on his part .
only after his father 's return to england in july do we [have] any report of activity on his part .

We only possess one piece of information with which to lend precision to the general statement that Richard went through the rebels ' lands with fire and sword , capturing and demolishing their fortresses , and this suggests that Geoffrey de Rancon 's castle of Taillebourg was once again at the centre of events .
we only [have] one piece of information with which to lend precision to the general statement that richard went through the rebels ' lands with fire and sword , capturing and demolishing their fortresses , and this suggests that geoffrey de rancon 's castle of taillebourg was once again at the centre of events .

The simplest creatures to possess these physical characteristics are the jellyfish and their relatives .
the simplest creatures to [have] these physical characteristics are the jellyfish and their relatives .

The starfish and their more sprightly cousins , the brittle stars , both possess them .
the starfish and their more sprightly cousins , the brittle stars , both [have] them .

All flies possess these little structures but they are particularly noticeable in the crane flies , the daddy-long-legs , in which the knobs are placed on the ends of stalks so that they look like the heads of drumsticks .
all flies [have] these little structures but they are particularly noticeable in the crane flies , the daddy-long-legs , in which the knobs are placed on the ends of stalks so that they look like the heads of drumsticks .

Others possess cultures of phosphorescent bacteria in special organs with flaps of skin over them which can be moved to expose or conceal the bacteria in a series of winks and flashes .
others [have] cultures of phosphorescent bacteria in special organs with flaps of skin over them which can be moved to expose or conceal the bacteria in a series of winks and flashes .

Its skull , however , has the crucial feature which neither the coelacanth nor the lungfish possess — a passage linking its nostrils with the roof of its mouth .
its skull , however , has the crucial feature which neither the coelacanth nor the lungfish [have] — a passage linking its nostrils with the roof of its mouth .

Morag Donaldson ( 1986 ) carried out two experiments to explore the extent to which five- , eight- , and ten-year-old children possess these cognitive and linguistic abilities .
morag donaldson ( 1986 ) carried out two experiments to explore the extent to which five- , eight- , and ten-year-old children [have] these cognitive and linguistic abilities .

This is true even though they bring to the search the knowledge they already possess about how spoken language works .
this is true even though they bring to the search the knowledge they already [have] about how spoken language works .

He told Anne Ridler some time later that such a success almost prompted him to believe that the poem was not very good , although no doubt he was being partly ironic : he was , at least , demonstrating the `` usefulness `` which a poet might possess in time of war .
he told anne ridler some time later that such a success almost prompted him to believe that the poem was not very good , although no doubt he was being partly ironic : he was , at least , demonstrating the `` usefulness `` which a poet might [have] in time of war .

But children do not possess a social analysis of what is happening to them , or around them , so the landscape and the pictures it presents have to remain a background , taking on meaning later , from different circumstances .
but children do not [have] a social analysis of what is happening to them , or around them , so the landscape and the pictures it presents have to remain a background , taking on meaning later , from different circumstances .

Why he should have dangled it for three months before an undistinguished ex-Chancellor of another party who did not even possess a seat in Parliament defies explanation .
why he should have dangled it for three months before an undistinguished ex-chancellor of another party who did not even [have] a seat in parliament defies explanation .

International law can not be defined solely in terms of bilateral or multilateral relations between subjects which possess legal capacity .
international law can not be defined solely in terms of bilateral or multilateral relations between subjects which [have] legal capacity .

There has been a retreat from the position that States are the only proper subjects of international law , through the acknowledgment that both international organisations and individuals possess a degree of international personality , a development which would have been severely impeded by a rigid adherence to the classic rule .
there has been a retreat from the position that states are the only proper subjects of international law , through the acknowledgment that both international organisations and individuals [have] a degree of international personality , a development which would have been severely impeded by a rigid adherence to the classic rule .

Judge Schucking referred to Article 20 of the Covenant of the League of Nations , which also prohibits conflicting treaties , saying that this provision ‘ would possess little value ’ unless inconsistent treaties were automatically null .
judge schucking referred to article 20 of the covenant of the league of nations , which also prohibits conflicting treaties , saying that this provision ‘ would [have] little value ’ unless inconsistent treaties were automatically null .

In a subsequent decision the Court of Appeal thought many factors needed to be weighed before concluding that individuals could possess no such rights .
in a subsequent decision the court of appeal thought many factors needed to be weighed before concluding that individuals could [have] no such rights .

Clara could never understand why others did not repay her contempt with contempt — why , for instance , the church-goers and novel-readers and fillers in of football coupons and motorbike owners in the area did not possess the courage of their convictions and gang up on Mrs Maugham 's massive disapprobation .
clara could never understand why others did not repay her contempt with contempt — why , for instance , the church-goers and novel-readers and fillers in of football coupons and motorbike owners in the area did not [have] the courage of their convictions and gang up on mrs maugham 's massive disapprobation .

She made no attempts to decorate it , to domesticate it , to possess it ; she let it be , and her things lay in it .
she made no attempts to decorate it , to domesticate it , to [have] it ; she let it be , and her things lay in it .

You might want to add to a set of chairs that you already possess , or make up a matching chair to one at home .
you might want to add to a set of chairs that you already [have] , or make up a matching chair to one at home .

Many turners appreciate pleasing curves but like me , do n't possess the ‘ eye ’ or the skill to create them on a lathe .
many turners appreciate pleasing curves but like me , do n't [have] the ‘ eye ’ or the skill to create them on a lathe .

‘ The people ’ , he said , ‘ possess a very sure instinct which , in historic hours , conducts them towards those whose mission it is to guide them .
‘ the people ’ , he said , ‘ [have] a very sure instinct which , in historic hours , conducts them towards those whose mission it is to guide them .

Only then were Geoffrey Downes and John Shaa able to go to the Chancery at Winchester on 6th July ; not until 1506 would the Goldsmiths physically possess the income from which the School was to be supported , when Thomas Fereby transferred the deeds of the property to the Company .
only then were geoffrey downes and john shaa able to go to the chancery at winchester on 6th july ; not until 1506 would the goldsmiths physically [have] the income from which the school was to be supported , when thomas fereby transferred the deeds of the property to the company .

`` He will share your bed and possess your body , `` Maria Candida had said when asked what it meant for a woman to give herself to her husband . ``
`` he will share your bed and [have] your body , `` maria candida had said when asked what it meant for a woman to give herself to her husband . ``

What was it Maria Candida had said ? She whispered the words aloud : " He will share your bed and possess your body . "
what was it maria candida had said ? she whispered the words aloud : " he will share your bed and [have] your body . "

The analogy holds in so far as stylistic competence , like linguistic competence , is a capacity which we possess and exercise unconsciously and intuitively : only with special training can it be turned into explicit knowledge .
the analogy holds in so far as stylistic competence , like linguistic competence , is a capacity which we [have] and exercise unconsciously and intuitively : only with special training can it be turned into explicit knowledge .

But unlike Chomsky 's ideal linguistic competence , stylistic competence is an ability which different people possess in different measure , so that although there may be a great deal in common between different English speakers `` responsiveness to style , allowance must be made for differences of degree and kind .
but unlike chomsky 's ideal linguistic competence , stylistic competence is an ability which different people [have] in different measure , so that although there may be a great deal in common between different english speakers `` responsiveness to style , allowance must be made for differences of degree and kind .

Teachers , on the other hand , objected ; teaching work should be carried out by people with teaching qualifications ( although here they were indeed on shaky ground as the majority of technical college lecturers at that time did not themselves possess qualifications in education ) .
teachers , on the other hand , objected ; teaching work should be carried out by people with teaching qualifications ( although here they were indeed on shaky ground as the majority of technical college lecturers at that time did not themselves [have] qualifications in education ) .

Instead , it will possess a unique discourse of its own :
instead , it will [have] a unique discourse of its own :

To use a Reset poke it 's vital that you possess a Reset cartridge or much cheaper Reset switch ( if you can find one ) .
to use a reset poke it 's vital that you [have] a reset cartridge or much cheaper reset switch ( if you can find one ) .

Visitors will be able to operate a network of interactive VDUs to obtain information on almost all the works we possess and their history as if they were taking a peep into the vaults .
visitors will be able to operate a network of interactive vdus to obtain information on almost all the works we [have] and their history as if they were taking a peep into the vaults .

But , for all their youthfulness , they are widely experienced and shrewd , and possess not only uncommon physiques but rare bowling actions .
but , for all their youthfulness , they are widely experienced and shrewd , and [have] not only uncommon physiques but rare bowling actions .

While the Silures and their allies had fought a long and successful guerrilla-type campaign , they did not possess the strength or ability to stop a large Roman force from advancing into their territory , nor had they command of the sea .
while the silures and their allies had fought a long and successful guerrilla-type campaign , they did not [have] the strength or ability to stop a large roman force from advancing into their territory , nor had they command of the sea .

But this statement is an oversimplification : the phrase ‘ having the force of law ’ has no precise meaning but is an amalgam of features which different rules may possess to a greater or lesser extent .
but this statement is an oversimplification : the phrase ‘ having the force of law ’ has no precise meaning but is an amalgam of features which different rules may [have] to a greater or lesser extent .

In the name of equality , liberals reject all claims of an inherent right to govern or possess superior wealth based upon caste or status .
in the name of equality , liberals reject all claims of an inherent right to govern or [have] superior wealth based upon caste or status .

All sectors of ownership are being taken into account : the State ; local authorities ; the church ( excluding the Vatican but including objects held in the churches and convents of the different religious orders ) ; and private individuals ( obviously only if the owners have let the State know what they possess ) .
all sectors of ownership are being taken into account : the state ; local authorities ; the church ( excluding the vatican but including objects held in the churches and convents of the different religious orders ) ; and private individuals ( obviously only if the owners have let the state know what they [have] ) .

Kandinsky did not possess the most endearing of artistic personalities , as this album of seventy watercolours from the Guggenheim Museum attests .
kandinsky did not [have] the most endearing of artistic personalities , as this album of seventy watercolours from the guggenheim museum attests .

’ That 's why some people think that communication is needed — to convince us that it is better to ‘ have ’ and not to ‘ be ’ ; that happiness is to possess , to compete and to succeed no matter how .
’ that 's why some people think that communication is needed — to convince us that it is better to ‘ have ’ and not to ‘ be ’ ; that happiness is to [have] , to compete and to succeed no matter how .

Because we are all equal , we all possess the same basic human rights .
because we are all equal , we all [have] the same basic human rights .

But in most cases we possess complete sets of furnishings and fittings .
but in most cases we [have] complete sets of furnishings and fittings .

[ Richard Long 's ] forms , the marks , the accidental decantations of sensitive strolls , do not possess the ‘ imperfection ’ of the natural , they are the archetypes of human sublimation that deliberately establish a certain landscape counterpoint , a kind of megalithic writing , but their elaboration is so cared for that it tends towards a dialectic not of oppositions but of alliances .
[ richard long 's ] forms , the marks , the accidental decantations of sensitive strolls , do not [have] the ‘ imperfection ’ of the natural , they are the archetypes of human sublimation that deliberately establish a certain landscape counterpoint , a kind of megalithic writing , but their elaboration is so cared for that it tends towards a dialectic not of oppositions but of alliances .

’ That 's why some people think that communication is needed — to convince us that it is better to ‘ have ’ and not to ‘ be ’ ; that happiness is to possess , to compete and to succeed no matter how .
’ that 's why some people think that communication is needed — to convince us that it is better to ‘ have ’ and not to ‘ be ’ ; that happiness is to [have] , to compete and to succeed no matter how .

It is for this reason that many experts prefer the expression `` Islamic textile art `` when describing oriental rugs , despite the fact that many of the items covered by this description will certainly have been woven by non Muslims and possess no trace of Islamic symbolism in their compositions .
it is for this reason that many experts prefer the expression `` islamic textile art `` when describing oriental rugs , despite the fact that many of the items covered by this description will certainly have been woven by non muslims and [have] no trace of islamic symbolism in their compositions .

This interchange of visual ideas permeates every facet of the weaver 's art , and is one of the prime reasons why all oriental rugs , regardless of their compositional differences , possess an underlying character that sets them apart from hand-made rugs produced in other areas of the world .
this interchange of visual ideas permeates every facet of the weaver 's art , and is one of the prime reasons why all oriental rugs , regardless of their compositional differences , [have] an underlying character that sets them apart from hand-made rugs produced in other areas of the world .

The term `` weaving group `` can be applied to any town , village or tribe within the oriental weaving region , which produces it s own hand-made rugs , but it is normally only used in the context of the older , more traditional weaving centres in which rugs possess their own distinctive characteristics .
the term `` weaving group `` can be applied to any town , village or tribe within the oriental weaving region , which produces it s own hand-made rugs , but it is normally only used in the context of the older , more traditional weaving centres in which rugs [have] their own distinctive characteristics .

There are still a number of village groups which produce items of exceptional intricacy , but the majority possess the rough-hewn beauty and coarser weave associated with nomadic rugs .
there are still a number of village groups which produce items of exceptional intricacy , but the majority [have] the rough-hewn beauty and coarser weave associated with nomadic rugs .

, Hamadan and Shiraz ) possess all the structural and visual characteristics of village weaving , and are consequently referred to as village rugs .
, hamadan and shiraz ) [have] all the structural and visual characteristics of village weaving , and are consequently referred to as village rugs .

It is , however , generally accepted that Isfahan , Nain , Hereke , Kashan , Tabriz , Meshed , Kerman and Quoom possess workshops worthy of inclusion in this category .
it is , however , generally accepted that isfahan , nain , hereke , kashan , tabriz , meshed , kerman and quoom [have] workshops worthy of inclusion in this category .

Only certain types of wool possess the qualities required ; the best comes from lambs between 8 and 14 months old , particularly those from the colder highland regions .
only certain types of wool [have] the qualities required ; the best comes from lambs between 8 and 14 months old , particularly those from the colder highland regions .

Possess an overtly heraldic quality which appears to stem from some ancient tribal emblem or standard rather than the Koran `` book-cover `` design .
[have] an overtly heraldic quality which appears to stem from some ancient tribal emblem or standard rather than the koran `` book-cover `` design .

Sometimes the associated qualities clearly relate to attributes which the animals undoubtedly possess — an elephant is an obvious symbol of strength and power in any culture — but it is by no means obvious why a bat should be associated with happiness or a deer with affluence .
sometimes the associated qualities clearly relate to attributes which the animals undoubtedly [have] — an elephant is an obvious symbol of strength and power in any culture — but it is by no means obvious why a bat should be associated with happiness or a deer with affluence .

Persian rugs still possess an undoubted mystique , and are generally more expensive than those from other countries , but price differentials have been steadily eroding , and they are now generally cheaper in comparison to rugs from other countries than they have been for decades .
persian rugs still [have] an undoubted mystique , and are generally more expensive than those from other countries , but price differentials have been steadily eroding , and they are now generally cheaper in comparison to rugs from other countries than they have been for decades .

The rugs produced today possess none of the flaws of their predecessors .
the rugs produced today [have] none of the flaws of their predecessors .

These fairly well made , attractive rugs possess an undoubted primitive charm ; but as they have yet to establish themselves in the Western market , one can do little more than make an educated guess as to their current prices and investment potential .
these fairly well made , attractive rugs [have] an undoubted primitive charm ; but as they have yet to establish themselves in the western market , one can do little more than make an educated guess as to their current prices and investment potential .

They are a little too garish for Western tastes , but possess a distinctive ethnic flavour , and the wool is good .
they are a little too garish for western tastes , but [have] a distinctive ethnic flavour , and the wool is good .

It takes many years for a human child to master the process of reading , even though they already possess established linguistic and cognitive subsystems .
it takes many years for a human child to master the process of reading , even though they already [have] established linguistic and cognitive subsystems .

So although lexicographers may purposely employ experts to contribute to the compilation of definitions in more esoteric domains , it is nevertheless the case that more everyday words will have more widely understood patterns of usage that are reflected in both the definitions they possess and the manner in which they are used in a typical business letter .
so although lexicographers may purposely employ experts to contribute to the compilation of definitions in more esoteric domains , it is nevertheless the case that more everyday words will have more widely understood patterns of usage that are reflected in both the definitions they [have] and the manner in which they are used in a typical business letter .

In the fourteenth century even judges had been remarkably ignorant of the statutes which they had to enforce ; lawcourts sometimes did not even possess copies of particular acts ; and the copies which did exist were marred by gross errors .
in the fourteenth century even judges had been remarkably ignorant of the statutes which they had to enforce ; lawcourts sometimes did not even [have] copies of particular acts ; and the copies which did exist were marred by gross errors .

At a time of rapid social change , for example , and through the educational system , the child may acquire a degree of independence as a result of the new knowledge and experiences that he comes to possess .
at a time of rapid social change , for example , and through the educational system , the child may acquire a degree of independence as a result of the new knowledge and experiences that he comes to [have] .

Finally , to describe the family in these terms is not necessarily to argue that societies other than those so-called ‘ industrial societies ’ may not possess some of these familial features as well .
finally , to describe the family in these terms is not necessarily to argue that societies other than those so-called ‘ industrial societies ’ may not [have] some of these familial features as well .

Charisma is that aspect of personality which a few people possess which makes others follow them .
charisma is that aspect of personality which a few people [have] which makes others follow them .

Many managers possess this power .
many managers [have] this power .

Despite these differences between Convention law and Community law they possess a certain symbiosis .
despite these differences between convention law and community law they [have] a certain symbiosis .

In the top , right hand box of figure 3.2 , local firms possess competitive strengths , but the home domicile has higher factor and transport costs than foreign locations .
in the top , right hand box of figure 3.2 , local firms [have] competitive strengths , but the home domicile has higher factor and transport costs than foreign locations .

All countries possess an armoury of policy weapons that together add up to a policy regime .
all countries [have] an armoury of policy weapons that together add up to a policy regime .

As Harold Laski wrote in 1925 : ‘ Anyone who studies the record of war-control of industry from 1914 to 1918 , will be amazed at the mass of material we possess upon the necessary mechanisms of regulation .
as harold laski wrote in 1925 : ‘ anyone who studies the record of war-control of industry from 1914 to 1918 , will be amazed at the mass of material we [have] upon the necessary mechanisms of regulation .

Further , the judiciary do not possess the expertise or technical knowledge and are not provided with the training to deal effectively with the disputatious issues arising under social legislation .
further , the judiciary do not [have] the expertise or technical knowledge and are not provided with the training to deal effectively with the disputatious issues arising under social legislation .

We are urging that law is , in truth , not the will of the State , but that from which the will of the State derives whatever moral authority it may possess .
we are urging that law is , in truth , not the will of the state , but that from which the will of the state derives whatever moral authority it may [have] .

To possess power is the ultimate ego trip for many people .
to [have] power is the ultimate ego trip for many people .

And if only fleeting mastery is possible for exceptionally advantaged presidents , what of the generality , of those who possess few resources ?
and if only fleeting mastery is possible for exceptionally advantaged presidents , what of the generality , of those who [have] few resources ?

Military organizations possess hierarchical structures ; senior officers at the apex of a pyramid issue commands which are relayed down to those who are obliged to carry them out .
military organizations [have] hierarchical structures ; senior officers at the apex of a pyramid issue commands which are relayed down to those who are obliged to carry them out .

Ford did not possess an electoral mandate of his own at all and in both houses of congress the Republicans were in the minority by large margins — in the Senate there were 56 Democrats and 42 Republicans whereas in the House there were 242 Democrats and 192 Republicans .
ford did not [have] an electoral mandate of his own at all and in both houses of congress the republicans were in the minority by large margins — in the senate there were 56 democrats and 42 republicans whereas in the house there were 242 democrats and 192 republicans .

Reagan was perceived by many to possess the leadership qualities that his opponent lacked .
reagan was perceived by many to [have] the leadership qualities that his opponent lacked .

The result is that they make less use of their linguistic resources than they do at home and have less opportunity to extend those they already possess , except perhaps in relation to the specific vocabulary associated with the tasks they are required to perform .
the result is that they make less use of their linguistic resources than they do at home and have less opportunity to extend those they already [have] , except perhaps in relation to the specific vocabulary associated with the tasks they are required to perform .

That is , the biquaternions possess divisors of zero .
that is , the biquaternions [have] divisors of zero .

Problem 2 It seems rather obvious that any pair a , b of integers ( not both zero ) must possess a unique positive gcd .
problem 2 it seems rather obvious that any pair a , b of integers ( not both zero ) must [have] a unique positive gcd .

On any given set few ( if any ! ) binary relations will have mathematical significance . Indeed those binary relations occurring most frequently in practice possess special properties including some or all of : Properties 2.2.4
on any given set few ( if any ! ) binary relations will have mathematical significance . indeed those binary relations occurring most frequently in practice [have] special properties including some or all of : properties 2.2.4

There are therefore good reasons to think that those who try to define democracy only in terms of present-day realities — 5 a type of political system or culture which some societies possess and others do not — will find themselves left behind by history .
there are therefore good reasons to think that those who try to define democracy only in terms of present-day realities — 5 a type of political system or culture which some societies [have] and others do not — will find themselves left behind by history .

To those who possess this kind of power to influence or even determine political outcomes , the possession of the single individual vote must seem by comparison a trivial and irrelevant form of political participation .
to those who [have] this kind of power to influence or even determine political outcomes , the possession of the single individual vote must seem by comparison a trivial and irrelevant form of political participation .

Women leaders of the militant trade unions possess a strong sense of their exploitation both as workers and as women .
women leaders of the militant trade unions [have] a strong sense of their exploitation both as workers and as women .

Most markets still do not possess a proper building .
most markets still do not [have] a proper building .

These are homologues of the stipital muscles of the maxilla but it should be noted that the glossae possess no muscles corresponding to the cranial flexors of the laciniae .
these are homologues of the stipital muscles of the maxilla but it should be noted that the glossae [have] no muscles corresponding to the cranial flexors of the laciniae .

The point is that an equation can be interpreted as stating this : given each of a number of possible extents to which specified things possess certain different general properties , it is then the case , despite accompanying conditions and events , that another specified thing would still possess another general property to one of a number of possible extents .
the point is that an equation can be interpreted as stating this : given each of a number of possible extents to which specified things [have] certain different general properties , it is then the case , despite accompanying conditions and events , that another specified thing would still [have] another general property to one of a number of possible extents .

Are we then to add only that what is physical must also be observable , that it must possess some secondary quality — colour , hardness or solidity , texture , smell , taste To do so would exclude many very small particles whose existence is well established in physics , and also physical forces , such as magnetism .
are we then to add only that what is physical must also be observable , that it must [have] some secondary quality — colour , hardness or solidity , texture , smell , taste to do so would exclude many very small particles whose existence is well established in physics , and also physical forces , such as magnetism .

How vital it is that those influential in the field possess this necessary understanding of children 's imagery and how they learn through what they draw and construct .
how vital it is that those influential in the field [have] this necessary understanding of children 's imagery and how they learn through what they draw and construct .

The crown did possess vast estates but lands wee assigned to temples and to individuals .
the crown did [have] vast estates but lands wee assigned to temples and to individuals .

The very nature of public relations means consultants possess a talent for relating to others and , in general , being warm and sociable .
the very nature of public relations means consultants [have] a talent for relating to others and , in general , being warm and sociable .

Nurses of the same grade may possess different skills and thus each ward/department must identify its specific skill requirements It may be necessary to employ nurses who have undergone further training or gained additional skills through experience .
nurses of the same grade may [have] different skills and thus each ward/department must identify its specific skill requirements it may be necessary to employ nurses who have undergone further training or gained additional skills through experience .

Local authorities possess in the full council meeting a ‘ centre of decision-making ’ , but they do not control all public policy decisions within the geographical area in which they operate .
local authorities [have] in the full council meeting a ‘ centre of decision-making ’ , but they do not control all public policy decisions within the geographical area in which they operate .

In fact , the only things that either of them possess in any real quantity are ambition and hair , huge headfuls of both .
in fact , the only things that either of them [have] in any real quantity are ambition and hair , huge headfuls of both .

For one thing , they feel the functionalist approach does not only neglect change and conflict but tends to ‘ reify ’ society — to treat it as a thing — by attributing to social structures capacities for thought and purposive action which only humans can possess .
for one thing , they feel the functionalist approach does not only neglect change and conflict but tends to ‘ reify ’ society — to treat it as a thing — by attributing to social structures capacities for thought and purposive action which only humans can [have] .

Hence every society no matter how simple or complex must differentiate persons in terms of both prestige and esteem and must therefore possess a certain amount of institutionalised inequality ( Davis and Moore 1945 p. 243 ) .
hence every society no matter how simple or complex must differentiate persons in terms of both prestige and esteem and must therefore [have] a certain amount of institutionalised inequality ( davis and moore 1945 p. 243 ) .

Social status , or prestige , may derive from economic power , but this is not necessarily the case ; Weber cites the case of the newly rich businessman who does not possess the education or ‘ culture ’ to command high status .
social status , or prestige , may derive from economic power , but this is not necessarily the case ; weber cites the case of the newly rich businessman who does not [have] the education or ‘ culture ’ to command high status .

Indeed , the more you possess , the faster this wealth begets more .
indeed , the more you [have] , the faster this wealth begets more .

Of course , if wealth is defined in this very broad way , then we would expect very many people to possess some ; in fact the most recent figures still show very striking inequalities in wealth distribution .
of course , if wealth is defined in this very broad way , then we would expect very many people to [have] some ; in fact the most recent figures still show very striking inequalities in wealth distribution .

All education has informal as well as formal content , and elite routes generate cultural capital through the ‘ social and cultural unity among those who possess superior life chances ’ ( Scott , 1982 , p. 162 ) .
all education has informal as well as formal content , and elite routes generate cultural capital through the ‘ social and cultural unity among those who [have] superior life chances ’ ( scott , 1982 , p. 162 ) .

It is likely that Stalin was confident that the situation would evolve in Russia 's favour , for it appeared improbable that the United States would pursue an active policy of intervention in the Asian continent and the left would possess the initiative in decision-making within Korean politics , since much of the right was discredited through collaboration with the Japanese .
it is likely that stalin was confident that the situation would evolve in russia 's favour , for it appeared improbable that the united states would pursue an active policy of intervention in the asian continent and the left would [have] the initiative in decision-making within korean politics , since much of the right was discredited through collaboration with the japanese .

In 1945 most opinion in the allied countries held that Japan must be wholly disarmed and that Japan should not possess armed forces in future .
in 1945 most opinion in the allied countries held that japan must be wholly disarmed and that japan should not [have] armed forces in future .

Often they possess no resources or accommodation of their own .
often they [have] no resources or accommodation of their own .

‘ Rejoicing in their newly found freedom from school discipline and with more surplus cash than they will ever again possess ’ , one of the contributors to Whitehouse 's Problems of Boy Life ( 1912 ) believed that youths were ‘ tempted to spend as little time at home as possible … the street , rather than the sleeping place , is the home of the average youth ’ .
‘ rejoicing in their newly found freedom from school discipline and with more surplus cash than they will ever again [have] ’ , one of the contributors to whitehouse 's problems of boy life ( 1912 ) believed that youths were ‘ tempted to spend as little time at home as possible … the street , rather than the sleeping place , is the home of the average youth ’ .

In order to be accorded the title of Messiah , and acclaimed as such by the populace , Jesus would have had to possess some legitimate claim .
in order to be accorded the title of messiah , and acclaimed as such by the populace , jesus would have had to [have] some legitimate claim .

In Luke 22:36 , he instructs those of his followers who do not possess a sword to purchase one , even if it means selling their garments .
in luke 22:36 , he instructs those of his followers who do not [have] a sword to purchase one , even if it means selling their garments .

We may consider it a virtue rather than a vice that we possess and exert the power to live , as it were , outside ourselves .
we may consider it a virtue rather than a vice that we [have] and exert the power to live , as it were , outside ourselves .

It is true that the carefully authentic material has to be explained more fully than it had to be for readers of Marryat 's day , who could be supposed to possess a modicum of previous knowledge of naval affairs .
it is true that the carefully authentic material has to be explained more fully than it had to be for readers of marryat 's day , who could be supposed to [have] a modicum of previous knowledge of naval affairs .

Yet when viewed from the ‘ outside ’ , the ‘ deviance ’ that such acts are deemed to possess is assured only by virtue of a community 's orientation to them as wrong , immoral , evil , etc .
yet when viewed from the ‘ outside ’ , the ‘ deviance ’ that such acts are deemed to [have] is assured only by virtue of a community 's orientation to them as wrong , immoral , evil , etc .

They tended , however to be much less articulate than others in the Rowdies group and to possess far less social knowledge .
they tended , however to be much less articulate than others in the rowdies group and to [have] far less social knowledge .

An information leak , for example , would have a bearing on the extent to which others who possess the information have already been buying or selling .
an information leak , for example , would have a bearing on the extent to which others who [have] the information have already been buying or selling .

In any case , if such a qualification is called for it is hard to see how a creature with no rationality at all could possess it .
in any case , if such a qualification is called for it is hard to see how a creature with no rationality at all could [have] it .

It is quite appropriate that moral philosophers should group together children and madmen as beings not fully responsible for their actions , for as madmen are thought to lack freedom of choice , so children do not yet possess the power of reason in a developed form .
it is quite appropriate that moral philosophers should group together children and madmen as beings not fully responsible for their actions , for as madmen are thought to lack freedom of choice , so children do not yet [have] the power of reason in a developed form .

It is even just that we should assign a greater degree of responsibility to children , for madmen , by virtue of their lack of free will , are completely without responsibility , while children , insofar as they possess reason in a partially developed form , can be held responsible ( i.e .
it is even just that we should assign a greater degree of responsibility to children , for madmen , by virtue of their lack of free will , are completely without responsibility , while children , insofar as they [have] reason in a partially developed form , can be held responsible ( i.e .

Where self-confidence is concerned , although most groups of men reckon it 's a quality women value , there are significant differences in the extent to which they believe they possess it .
where self-confidence is concerned , although most groups of men reckon it 's a quality women value , there are significant differences in the extent to which they believe they [have] it .

It should not be presumed , however , that the child instantly and readily makes a generalization of its perception that many women possess no penis ; in the way of this there lies the assumption that the absence of the penis is due to a castration performed as a punishment .
it should not be presumed , however , that the child instantly and readily makes a generalization of its perception that many women [have] no penis ; in the way of this there lies the assumption that the absence of the penis is due to a castration performed as a punishment .

Only later do children learn that women give birth to babies but do not possess a penis .
only later do children learn that women give birth to babies but do not [have] a penis .

The king married Philippa to Edmund Mortimer Earl of March in 1368 , and thus the earl came to possess not only the Mortimer family lands in the Welsh March which had been restored to his father in 1354 , but also the Clare lordship of Usk , the Clare lands in Dorset , Somerset and East Anglia , and the de Burgh earldom of Ulster .
the king married philippa to edmund mortimer earl of march in 1368 , and thus the earl came to [have] not only the mortimer family lands in the welsh march which had been restored to his father in 1354 , but also the clare lordship of usk , the clare lands in dorset , somerset and east anglia , and the de burgh earldom of ulster .

The poor do n't possess The Paupers Cook Book or Good Food on a Budget or magazine pull-outs of cheap casseroles — for a start , a `` pauper 's `` cuisine is always more expensive than beans on toast and if you 're a pauper you ca n't buy books and magazines anyhow .
the poor do n't [have] the paupers cook book or good food on a budget or magazine pull-outs of cheap casseroles — for a start , a `` pauper 's `` cuisine is always more expensive than beans on toast and if you 're a pauper you ca n't buy books and magazines anyhow .

Where would a woman whose children possess not a single toy find the resources to restore plaster crumbling off the joists between the walls and the doors , to put five doors back on their corroded hinges and fix all the loose boards on the stairs ?
where would a woman whose children [have] not a single toy find the resources to restore plaster crumbling off the joists between the walls and the doors , to put five doors back on their corroded hinges and fix all the loose boards on the stairs ?

( b ) List 5 qualities a telephonist should possess .
( b ) list 5 qualities a telephonist should [have] .

Of course there is a core range of skills which all actuaries must possess in order to qualify .
of course there is a core range of skills which all actuaries must [have] in order to qualify .

It seemed an odd thing for the general to possess .
it seemed an odd thing for the general to [have] .

Chopra wished he did n't possess the sight .
chopra wished he did n't [have] the sight .

He felt that the emptiness was trying to possess him .
he felt that the emptiness was trying to [have] him .

Those who wish to apply for admission to these degrees should possess at least an upper second class honours degree or its equivalent and may well have a Masters ' degree .
those who wish to apply for admission to these degrees should [have] at least an upper second class honours degree or its equivalent and may well have a masters ' degree .

One of the most characteristic forms which this takes is the delusion of megalomania — a state in which the subject believes himself to possess supreme value and ultimate powers :
one of the most characteristic forms which this takes is the delusion of megalomania — a state in which the subject believes himself to [have] supreme value and ultimate powers :

Therefore individuals need to possess personalities conformable to the ambient level of cultural evolution .
therefore individuals need to [have] personalities conformable to the ambient level of cultural evolution .

This is designed for those applicants who may not necessarily possess any of the qualifications usually presented by mature students , but who show evidence of appropriate achievement either in a related professional field or through other types of intellectual endeavour .
this is designed for those applicants who may not necessarily [have] any of the qualifications usually presented by mature students , but who show evidence of appropriate achievement either in a related professional field or through other types of intellectual endeavour .

In practice , more than this minimum is likely to be required for entry to the majority of the courses offered by the University , in order to ensure that those admitted to degree courses possess a sufficiently broad educational background and that they may reasonably be expected to benefit from a university education .
in practice , more than this minimum is likely to be required for entry to the majority of the courses offered by the university , in order to ensure that those admitted to degree courses [have] a sufficiently broad educational background and that they may reasonably be expected to benefit from a university education .

This general rule holds good except in the case of degrees including English , and of the joint degrees in modern languages and business studies , where particularly heavy pressure on places means that it may not always be possible to make offers even to applicants who possess grades above the minimum .
this general rule holds good except in the case of degrees including english , and of the joint degrees in modern languages and business studies , where particularly heavy pressure on places means that it may not always be possible to make offers even to applicants who [have] grades above the minimum .

Both departments involved in teaching this degree are actively engaged in palaeoenvironmental research and possess established research facilities .
both departments involved in teaching this degree are actively engaged in palaeoenvironmental research and [have] established research facilities .

Lane has argued that ‘ ruling class ’ interpretations of the Soviet Union are inappropriate because the holders of state power do not possess and inherit property but are rather in the same market position as other wage-earners .
lane has argued that ‘ ruling class ’ interpretations of the soviet union are inappropriate because the holders of state power do not [have] and inherit property but are rather in the same market position as other wage-earners .

Its dominance rests not just on its material position in society but also on the power attributes which all bureaucracies possess — a hierarchical concentration of authority , the exclusion of mass involvement in decision-making , the specialization of functions — ‘ in short , a scientific organization of inequality , which became the principle of a new form of class oppression ’ ( Lefort 1986 , p. 115 ) .
its dominance rests not just on its material position in society but also on the power attributes which all bureaucracies [have] — a hierarchical concentration of authority , the exclusion of mass involvement in decision-making , the specialization of functions — ‘ in short , a scientific organization of inequality , which became the principle of a new form of class oppression ’ ( lefort 1986 , p. 115 ) .

He blamed himself for crediting her with a maturity she did not possess , and regretted that his attempts to assist her studies had been so tragically misinterpreted by her .
he blamed himself for crediting her with a maturity she did not [have] , and regretted that his attempts to assist her studies had been so tragically misinterpreted by her .

The culture-ideology of consumerism proclaims , literally , that the meaning of life is to be found in the things that we possess .
the culture-ideology of consumerism proclaims , literally , that the meaning of life is to be found in the things that we [have] .

Two of the principal Etruscan cities which possess such examples in quantity are Tarquinia and Cerveteri .
two of the principal etruscan cities which [have] such examples in quantity are tarquinia and cerveteri .

Another instance of this is seen in later examples of Imperial building where the entablature is continued round the arch or where free-standing columns ( generally in interiors ) possess their own entablature , often surmounted by a sculptured figure .
another instance of this is seen in later examples of imperial building where the entablature is continued round the arch or where free-standing columns ( generally in interiors ) [have] their own entablature , often surmounted by a sculptured figure .

They are buildings of the Romanesque or Gothic periods and possess strong Byzantine characteristics .
they are buildings of the romanesque or gothic periods and [have] strong byzantine characteristics .

Of the lands in lay hands , the two crown duchies of Cornwall and Lancaster possess some of the fullest records , although they are by no means unique .
of the lands in lay hands , the two crown duchies of cornwall and lancaster [have] some of the fullest records , although they are by no means unique .

Following Lancaster 's theory of demand ( 1966 ) , goods may possess attributes which donors regard as important for donees ; e.g .
following lancaster 's theory of demand ( 1966 ) , goods may [have] attributes which donors regard as important for donees ; e.g .

Such arguments as these suggest that price subsidies and in-kind transfers do not possess quite the overwhelming advantage for the stimulation of consumption of goods that appeared to be evident above .
such arguments as these suggest that price subsidies and in-kind transfers do not [have] quite the overwhelming advantage for the stimulation of consumption of goods that appeared to be evident above .

And then it made him somewhat fearful , the thought that he alone should possess this knowledge .
and then it made him somewhat fearful , the thought that he alone should [have] this knowledge .

But possess it he did and there was no turning back .
but [have] it he did and there was no turning back .

Cornelius did not possess a machine that could predict the future , but he felt certain he knew just how this tale was going to end . ‘ He took the machine away with him , did n't he ? ’
cornelius did not [have] a machine that could predict the future , but he felt certain he knew just how this tale was going to end . ‘ he took the machine away with him , did n't he ? ’

Time , as you will agree , is the most valuable commodity that we possess .
time , as you will agree , is the most valuable commodity that we [have] .

Note that the user can only be given privileges which you possess ( or a subset thereof ) .
note that the user can only be given privileges which you [have] ( or a subset thereof ) .

Only the Neds possess the kind of lands-next-door-making-a-racket charisma that rockets them into your heart .
only the neds [have] the kind of lands-next-door-making-a-racket charisma that rockets them into your heart .

possess .
[have] .

Echinoderms are the only group of animals to possess a water vascular system .
echinoderms are the only group of animals to [have] a water vascular system .

The particles of some solids do not possess sufficient order to define a regular crystalline structure .
the particles of some solids do not [have] sufficient order to define a regular crystalline structure .

The main reason these managers have power is because they possess rewards desired by employees and have the ability to bring about undesirable outcomes for those that do not comply with directives .
the main reason these managers have power is because they [have] rewards desired by employees and have the ability to bring about undesirable outcomes for those that do not comply with directives .

The store manager appeared to possess a certain charisma which enhanced his position as a manager of others .
the store manager appeared to [have] a certain charisma which enhanced his position as a manager of others .

As many parasites occupy more than one environment during their life-cycles , they must possess suites of characteristics that can be expressed at the proper time .
as many parasites occupy more than one environment during their life-cycles , they must [have] suites of characteristics that can be expressed at the proper time .

Some plants already possess genetic resistance to attacks by insect pests while others resist certain fungal diseases .
some plants already [have] genetic resistance to attacks by insect pests while others resist certain fungal diseases .

This is because our friends do not possess the capacity to project into the future or understand concepts .
this is because our friends do not [have] the capacity to project into the future or understand concepts .

In addition , Israel was thought to possess as many as 100 undeclared nuclear warheads as a result of its clandestine nuclear-weapons programme launched in the 1960s .
in addition , israel was thought to [have] as many as 100 undeclared nuclear warheads as a result of its clandestine nuclear-weapons programme launched in the 1960s .

In an article in the British Journal of Religious Education in 1989 , Nicola Slee notes that in practice , There is little respect for the claim of religious believers that it is a lifetime 's work to come to know and be possessed by ( note , not to possess ) the truth of even one tradition .
in an article in the british journal of religious education in 1989 , nicola slee notes that in practice , there is little respect for the claim of religious believers that it is a lifetime 's work to come to know and be possessed by ( note , not to [have] ) the truth of even one tradition .

The conflict of interests was certainly a significant factor in the south-east , where the land tax was relatively highly assessed and where the new monied men had made a noticeable intrusion into local economic life , though it could also possess some degree of reality in more remote parts , such as South Wales .
the conflict of interests was certainly a significant factor in the south-east , where the land tax was relatively highly assessed and where the new monied men had made a noticeable intrusion into local economic life , though it could also [have] some degree of reality in more remote parts , such as south wales .

Admittedly in public Harold Wilson did his best to argue that Britain did not possess an `` independent `` deterrent with his insistence that the British Polaris force was dependent on some American components and other assistance .
admittedly in public harold wilson did his best to argue that britain did not [have] an `` independent `` deterrent with his insistence that the british polaris force was dependent on some american components and other assistance .

Nevertheless , many bishops continued to possess legal expertise , and it is not surprising that they made use of their knowledge .
nevertheless , many bishops continued to [have] legal expertise , and it is not surprising that they made use of their knowledge .

Miliutin pointed out that if 125,000 men were enlisted annually but required to serve for no more than seven or eight years , in seven years the country would possess a trained reserve of 750,000 men .
miliutin pointed out that if 125,000 men were enlisted annually but required to serve for no more than seven or eight years , in seven years the country would [have] a trained reserve of 750,000 men .

When , on 1 January 1864 , the tsar legislated for the creation of the new assemblies — `` zemstva `` ( or , if the plural is anglicized , `` zemstvos `` ) — they seemed not only to represent provincial society as a whole but also to possess considerable authority .
when , on 1 january 1864 , the tsar legislated for the creation of the new assemblies — `` zemstva `` ( or , if the plural is anglicized , `` zemstvos `` ) — they seemed not only to represent provincial society as a whole but also to [have] considerable authority .

Entities , however powerful , which were non-sovereign or merely quasi-sovereign , were now generally agreed not to possess such rights .
entities , however powerful , which were non-sovereign or merely quasi-sovereign , were now generally agreed not to [have] such rights .

When the Foreign Office List made its first appearance `` it was strongly objected to in certain quarters , as likely to afford information to the general public with regard to the office , which they thought it advisable they should not possess , and much information was for a time withheld `` .
when the foreign office list made its first appearance `` it was strongly objected to in certain quarters , as likely to afford information to the general public with regard to the office , which they thought it advisable they should not [have] , and much information was for a time withheld `` .

What is the non-animal quality which men possess which other animals do not possess ?
what is the non-animal quality which men [have] which other animals do not [have] ?

It will trace how the city operated the different Housing Acts , how it developed its housing management policy , and how its schemes came to have the distinctive social characteristics which they possess .
it will trace how the city operated the different housing acts , how it developed its housing management policy , and how its schemes came to have the distinctive social characteristics which they [have] .

We do not know the number of firms in each major industrial sector , nor do we possess any systematic information on the origins and characteristics of Scottish businessmen .
we do not know the number of firms in each major industrial sector , nor do we [have] any systematic information on the origins and characteristics of scottish businessmen .

If successful , such techniques could be applied across many countries rather than those few which possess occupational data .
if successful , such techniques could be applied across many countries rather than those few which [have] occupational data .

The existence of significant economies of scale within the economy also means that the standard theorems of welfare economics on the efficiency of a market economy no longer apply , and additional mechanisms must be designed for achieving the advantages of increasing returns whilst avoiding the disadvantages of the exploitation of market power which large organisations may possess .
the existence of significant economies of scale within the economy also means that the standard theorems of welfare economics on the efficiency of a market economy no longer apply , and additional mechanisms must be designed for achieving the advantages of increasing returns whilst avoiding the disadvantages of the exploitation of market power which large organisations may [have] .

The principal investigator , Dr. R.G.Willis of Edinburgh University , intends to conduct most of his research through informal interviews and discussions with representatives of a wide spectrum of Lungu society , but concentrating initially on those persons of chiefly or royal status who are most likely to possess inherited knowledge about the indigenous political and social order .
the principal investigator , dr. r.g.willis of edinburgh university , intends to conduct most of his research through informal interviews and discussions with representatives of a wide spectrum of lungu society , but concentrating initially on those persons of chiefly or royal status who are most likely to [have] inherited knowledge about the indigenous political and social order .

Present science teaching generally assumes implicitly that pupils possess the reasoning patterns .
present science teaching generally assumes implicitly that pupils [have] the reasoning patterns .

He may be to Ally McCoist what Jimmy Millar was to Ralph Brand , he may possess the aerial threat of a Willie Thornton , a Derek Johnstone , but Hateley contributes skill where those previous Rangers centre-forwards lent mainly bravado .
he may be to ally mccoist what jimmy millar was to ralph brand , he may [have] the aerial threat of a willie thornton , a derek johnstone , but hateley contributes skill where those previous rangers centre-forwards lent mainly bravado .

Basic ophiuroid morphology comprises a central disk and five ( sometimes more ) radiating arms ; dorsally the disk is covered with calcite plates or thickened skin which may possess various spinelets of granules ; ventrally there is a centrally placed mouth with angular interradial jaws .
basic ophiuroid morphology comprises a central disk and five ( sometimes more ) radiating arms ; dorsally the disk is covered with calcite plates or thickened skin which may [have] various spinelets of granules ; ventrally there is a centrally placed mouth with angular interradial jaws .

grant him every advantage which we can conceive a white to possess over the native ; concede that in the struggle for existence his chance of a long life will be much superior to that of the native chiefs ; yet from all these admissions , there does not follow the conclusion that , after a limited or unlimited number of generations , the inhabitants of the island will be white .
grant him every advantage which we can conceive a white to [have] over the native ; concede that in the struggle for existence his chance of a long life will be much superior to that of the native chiefs ; yet from all these admissions , there does not follow the conclusion that , after a limited or unlimited number of generations , the inhabitants of the island will be white .

If we look at the whole population of beavers , those that possess the mutated gene will , on average , tend therefore to rear more offspring than those not possessing the mutated gene .
if we look at the whole population of beavers , those that [have] the mutated gene will , on average , tend therefore to rear more offspring than those not possessing the mutated gene .

If he were possessed by devils , you could n't fight against him : devils could possess people in the same way as other people were made to harbour poltergeists or were haunted by ghosts .
if he were possessed by devils , you could n't fight against him : devils could [have] people in the same way as other people were made to harbour poltergeists or were haunted by ghosts .

There had been no hesitation of course with regard to the captain who , despite rumours and only rumours about his taste for low company — which she supposed any military man might possess — was a Goldsborough of Frizingley with nothing really known against him but his preference for living in a tavern .
there had been no hesitation of course with regard to the captain who , despite rumours and only rumours about his taste for low company — which she supposed any military man might [have] — was a goldsborough of frizingley with nothing really known against him but his preference for living in a tavern .

Yet they were here today in gratifying numbers , a double row of Larks looking very bronzed and weathered from striding over those ancestral acres , which men like her husband and Lizzie Braithwaite 's husband could never possess ; and their cousin , Colonel Covington-Pym , Master of Foxhounds , with his rather glorious , highly intimidating wife , a tall , red-haired woman who could be seen in Frizingley sometimes wearing a black riding-habit so tight that she must have been stitched into it — Linnet said — and mounted on a colossus of a horse very nearly the same colour as her hair .
yet they were here today in gratifying numbers , a double row of larks looking very bronzed and weathered from striding over those ancestral acres , which men like her husband and lizzie braithwaite 's husband could never [have] ; and their cousin , colonel covington-pym , master of foxhounds , with his rather glorious , highly intimidating wife , a tall , red-haired woman who could be seen in frizingley sometimes wearing a black riding-habit so tight that she must have been stitched into it — linnet said — and mounted on a colossus of a horse very nearly the same colour as her hair .

Some sites possess a more co-ordinated layout , however , either as an original element or as a later addition .
some sites [have] a more co-ordinated layout , however , either as an original element or as a later addition .

These methods of construction , notably turf on a stone platform , employed at two of the three sites , timber gates at one at least and a palisade at the third , possess a martial appearance which remains unmatched at any other towns in Britain , where earthwork fortifications were normally of unrevetted dump construction , using material either scraped up from the surface or derived from digging ditches .
these methods of construction , notably turf on a stone platform , employed at two of the three sites , timber gates at one at least and a palisade at the third , [have] a martial appearance which remains unmatched at any other towns in britain , where earthwork fortifications were normally of unrevetted dump construction , using material either scraped up from the surface or derived from digging ditches .

Since then the most significant contribution has been made by aerial photography , such that we now possess a remarkably coherent record of the town 's overall morphology .
since then the most significant contribution has been made by aerial photography , such that we now [have] a remarkably coherent record of the town 's overall morphology .

Assets are imperfect substitutes because they possess different characteristics with respect to liquidity , marketability and profitability .
assets are imperfect substitutes because they [have] different characteristics with respect to liquidity , marketability and profitability .

The program is primarily designed to list files matching a given search pattern and possess the extraordinary ability to search all popular archive files .
the program is primarily designed to list files matching a given search pattern and [have] the extraordinary ability to search all popular archive files .

When people write tutorials they usually do so as people who possess great knowledge about the subject they are discussing .
when people write tutorials they usually do so as people who [have] great knowledge about the subject they are discussing .

Well , Shannon had never met an idol yet who did n't possess feet of clay , and there was nothing to suggest he was the exception .
well , shannon had never met an idol yet who did n't [have] feet of clay , and there was nothing to suggest he was the exception .

So when he moved slightly to seek her soft lips with his own , blending predatory male purpose with the tenderness of a child seeking succour , she was lost , allowing him to possess her mouth , welcoming him with parted lips , mindlessly enjoying the sensation of his hands as they bound her to him , but not so hard that she could n't feel their trembling .
so when he moved slightly to seek her soft lips with his own , blending predatory male purpose with the tenderness of a child seeking succour , she was lost , allowing him to [have] her mouth , welcoming him with parted lips , mindlessly enjoying the sensation of his hands as they bound her to him , but not so hard that she could n't feel their trembling .

He swung one leg over the chair dismounting to replace it , while Gina watched with an aching feeling of sadness the supple play of his muscles , the lithe perfection of his strong body . Perhaps he was n't without blame , but had n't she made the same kind of mistake when she had endowed Marcus with the qualities she 'd wanted him to possess ?
he swung one leg over the chair dismounting to replace it , while gina watched with an aching feeling of sadness the supple play of his muscles , the lithe perfection of his strong body . perhaps he was n't without blame , but had n't she made the same kind of mistake when she had endowed marcus with the qualities she 'd wanted him to [have] ?

Gossip they would have heard fast and in copious quantities , but a more systematic set of information they did not possess .
gossip they would have heard fast and in copious quantities , but a more systematic set of information they did not [have] .

Do we possess the technology to address them ?
do we [have] the technology to address them ?

In these areas the polymer segments were assumed to possess a Gaussian distribution about the centre of mass , but even with this distribution the chain segments still occupy a finite volume from which all other chain segments are excluded .
in these areas the polymer segments were assumed to [have] a gaussian distribution about the centre of mass , but even with this distribution the chain segments still occupy a finite volume from which all other chain segments are excluded .

Polyethylene , poly ( tetrafluoroethylene ) and other chains with more complex backbones containing , , and groups all possess a suitable symmetry for crystallite formation and usually assume extended zig-zag conformations when aligned in the lattice .
polyethylene , poly ( tetrafluoroethylene ) and other chains with more complex backbones containing , , and groups all [have] a suitable symmetry for crystallite formation and usually assume extended zig-zag conformations when aligned in the lattice .

Homogeneous , isotropic , elastic materials possess the simplest mechanical properties and three elementary types of elastic deformation can be observed when such a body is subjected to
homogeneous , isotropic , elastic materials [have] the simplest mechanical properties and three elementary types of elastic deformation can be observed when such a body is subjected to

The various moduli can be related to each other in a simple manner , because an isotropic body is considered to possess only two independent elastic constants and so
the various moduli can be related to each other in a simple manner , because an isotropic body is considered to [have] only two independent elastic constants and so

Liquids on the other hand flow if subjected to a stress ; they do not store the energy but dissipate it almost entirely as heat and thus possess high damping characteristics .
liquids on the other hand flow if subjected to a stress ; they do not store the energy but dissipate it almost entirely as heat and thus [have] high damping characteristics .

the degree of understanding of the operation of the system that we possess , and ,
the degree of understanding of the operation of the system that we [have] , and ,

Tostig , Earl Harold 's second brother , was not made noticeably better off ; but he did , of course , possess certain lands and was married to Judith of Flanders .
tostig , earl harold 's second brother , was not made noticeably better off ; but he did , of course , [have] certain lands and was married to judith of flanders .

An attempt , therefore , by Siward to possess not only Lothian but a divided Alba itself .
an attempt , therefore , by siward to [have] not only lothian but a divided alba itself .

Gould 's determination to possess the lyre-bird took him over some of the roughest terrain around Yarrundi : into precipitous gullies and ravines , through dense woodland and tangled undergrowth , and through , as Gould put it , ‘ rugged , hot and suffocating brushes ’ . He later recalled his labours in the stifling , drought-stricken bush :
gould 's determination to [have] the lyre-bird took him over some of the roughest terrain around yarrundi : into precipitous gullies and ravines , through dense woodland and tangled undergrowth , and through , as gould put it , ‘ rugged , hot and suffocating brushes ’ . he later recalled his labours in the stifling , drought-stricken bush :

‘ As may be supposed ’ , he wrote , ‘ the sight of a bird of such beauty , which , moreover , was entirely new to me , excited so strong a desire to possess it that scarcely a moment elapsed before it was dead and in my hand .
‘ as may be supposed ’ , he wrote , ‘ the sight of a bird of such beauty , which , moreover , was entirely new to me , excited so strong a desire to [have] it that scarcely a moment elapsed before it was dead and in my hand .

For successful students who possess at least two years ' relevant experience and have been members of the Institute for at least two years , the Banking Certificate leads to a qualification in its own right — the Cert .
for successful students who [have] at least two years ' relevant experience and have been members of the institute for at least two years , the banking certificate leads to a qualification in its own right — the cert .

Only some European countries possess remains of buildings , decoration , sculpture , pottery , burial and so on which enable us to trace the evolution of architecture during these centuries .
only some european countries [have] remains of buildings , decoration , sculpture , pottery , burial and so on which enable us to trace the evolution of architecture during these centuries .

In the eleventh and twelfth centuries to build in stone , granite or marble was a prodigious undertaking , particularly if the area concerned did not possess the materials close to hand .
in the eleventh and twelfth centuries to build in stone , granite or marble was a prodigious undertaking , particularly if the area concerned did not [have] the materials close to hand .

The river was generally utilised to make water defences and it is these which give to the châteaux the picturesque quality which so many possess .
the river was generally utilised to make water defences and it is these which give to the châteaux the picturesque quality which so many [have] .

Postmodern sociology , as outlined by Baudrillard , Lyotard and other commentators such as Jameson and Davis , is said to possess a number of other related features .
postmodern sociology , as outlined by baudrillard , lyotard and other commentators such as jameson and davis , is said to [have] a number of other related features .

The chief analyst should have both organisational and technical skills and be seen as linking the users and the technical group , and needs to possess good personal skills .
the chief analyst should have both organisational and technical skills and be seen as linking the users and the technical group , and needs to [have] good personal skills .

Was that not the whole burden of his song , that nature needed in some way to be put to rights , and that it was man 's job to see it was put to rights ? And had not that song passed like a plague virus to every one of his fellow men in succeeding generations ? My supremely useless watch , product of endless refinement and research , target of envy for those who did not possess one , was a small example of how his diseased mentality had triumphed . The Conquest of Nature — the loss of man 's inner self !
was that not the whole burden of his song , that nature needed in some way to be put to rights , and that it was man 's job to see it was put to rights ? and had not that song passed like a plague virus to every one of his fellow men in succeeding generations ? my supremely useless watch , product of endless refinement and research , target of envy for those who did not [have] one , was a small example of how his diseased mentality had triumphed . the conquest of nature — the loss of man 's inner self !

Do you possess any furniture , furnishings or equipment already that will need taking into consideration ?
do you [have] any furniture , furnishings or equipment already that will need taking into consideration ?

If your house does n't possess them already , there 's nothing to stop you adding your own .
if your house does n't [have] them already , there 's nothing to stop you adding your own .

Once people have got the framework of a room together — the walls , floor , ceiling , windows , lighting and furnishings — they often run out of ideas for what to do with smaller objects and any family treasures they possess .
once people have got the framework of a room together — the walls , floor , ceiling , windows , lighting and furnishings — they often run out of ideas for what to do with smaller objects and any family treasures they [have] .

Are you lucky enough to possess space for a utility or washing room ? If so , you can hive off washing machine , dryers , ironing equipment and probably cleaning appliances and accessories , which is a great help when you are short of space .
are you lucky enough to [have] space for a utility or washing room ? if so , you can hive off washing machine , dryers , ironing equipment and probably cleaning appliances and accessories , which is a great help when you are short of space .

Forage grasses and autumn-sown cereals do not possess a true winter dormancy mechanism and show significant , though reduced , growth in the cold season .
forage grasses and autumn-sown cereals do not [have] a true winter dormancy mechanism and show significant , though reduced , growth in the cold season .

Recent investigations into lexical ambiguity ( Church , 1988 ) have shown that although words are capable of existing in many syntactic categories , in reality the problem is not so widespread and words actually possess unique ‘ best ’ parts of speech .
recent investigations into lexical ambiguity ( church , 1988 ) have shown that although words are capable of existing in many syntactic categories , in reality the problem is not so widespread and words actually [have] unique ‘ best ’ parts of speech .

For a novel writer who may possess individual writing characteristics , unknown to the handwriting recogniser , performance can be low .
for a novel writer who may [have] individual writing characteristics , unknown to the handwriting recogniser , performance can be low .

The chivalry towards women which gentleman were supposed to possess — but often did n't — was a very real part of Neil 's nature , and , having seen what was happening , he could not stand by , or walk away , telling himself that it was no business of his .
the chivalry towards women which gentleman were supposed to [have] — but often did n't — was a very real part of neil 's nature , and , having seen what was happening , he could not stand by , or walk away , telling himself that it was no business of his .

But going gently was difficult , to say the least , for his active mind was giving way to the essential basic desire for a man to possess the woman he loved and who loved him , and his kisses and caresses grew more and more urgent .
but going gently was difficult , to say the least , for his active mind was giving way to the essential basic desire for a man to [have] the woman he loved and who loved him , and his kisses and caresses grew more and more urgent .

Sally-Anne had no idea that Havvie Blaine was Terry Rourke all over again , and even her uncle Orrin was deceived by Havvie 's name , his charm , and the feeling which he seemed to possess for his niece .
sally-anne had no idea that havvie blaine was terry rourke all over again , and even her uncle orrin was deceived by havvie 's name , his charm , and the feeling which he seemed to [have] for his niece .

Modern scientific knowledge can be used by such societies and Rolt gives two guiding principles for the use of technology : ‘ That mechanical methods should only be employed in work provided the qualitative result achieved is better in the eyes of both maker and user ’ ; and ‘ That no man ( sic ) should make any use of a machine or a scientific process unless he possess a comprehensive knowledge of its principle , function and purpose , and is already skilled in the use to which it is to be applied ’ . What a revolution there would be in our behaviour and attitudes if we were to stick to those two principles !
modern scientific knowledge can be used by such societies and rolt gives two guiding principles for the use of technology : ‘ that mechanical methods should only be employed in work provided the qualitative result achieved is better in the eyes of both maker and user ’ ; and ‘ that no man ( sic ) should make any use of a machine or a scientific process unless he [have] a comprehensive knowledge of its principle , function and purpose , and is already skilled in the use to which it is to be applied ’ . what a revolution there would be in our behaviour and attitudes if we were to stick to those two principles !

Although there is no dietary requirement whatsoever for it ( indeed , considerable scientific evidence shows that increasing sugar consumption correlates with greater risk of diabetes and several other common Western diseases5 ) it does possess one very special characteristic .
although there is no dietary requirement whatsoever for it ( indeed , considerable scientific evidence shows that increasing sugar consumption correlates with greater risk of diabetes and several other common western diseases5 ) it does [have] one very special characteristic .

Individuals possess conveyances to go to the country .
individuals [have] conveyances to go to the country .

It is a situation of great humiliation for women when they realise they do not possess their bodies except in relation to a man who might give them something — either children or some economic advantage .
it is a situation of great humiliation for women when they realise they do not [have] their bodies except in relation to a man who might give them something — either children or some economic advantage .

Section 139 of the Criminal Justice Act 1988 makes it an offence to possess a bladed or sharply pointed article in a public place without good reason .
section 139 of the criminal justice act 1988 makes it an offence to [have] a bladed or sharply pointed article in a public place without good reason .

The information held under the data class of warning signals is intended to indicate individuals who may possess firearms , may possess weapons , may resort to violent behaviour , may attempt to escape , may suffer from mental disorder , may possess explosives , may make false allegations against the police , may be a hazard to others as a carrier of contagious diseases ( e.g. , hepatitis ) ’ —
the information held under the data class of warning signals is intended to indicate individuals who may [have] firearms , may [have] weapons , may resort to violent behaviour , may attempt to escape , may suffer from mental disorder , may [have] explosives , may make false allegations against the police , may be a hazard to others as a carrier of contagious diseases ( e.g. , hepatitis ) ’ —

If we could have an agreement on reductions in the number of warheads , it would show clearly that although we possess nuclear weapons , their scale does not have to be as great as we considered in the recent past .
if we could have an agreement on reductions in the number of warheads , it would show clearly that although we [have] nuclear weapons , their scale does not have to be as great as we considered in the recent past .

Claiming to possess within the sonnet 's language the truth of the youth 's beauty is now to admit an absent centre .
claiming to [have] within the sonnet 's language the truth of the youth 's beauty is now to admit an absent centre .

New historical practice has yet to develop the critical accountability it should possess , yet its efforts in confronting the questions of our access to history need to be encouraged .
new historical practice has yet to develop the critical accountability it should [have] , yet its efforts in confronting the questions of our access to history need to be encouraged .

Rather , like insects , they are annoyances except when they seem to possess such overwhelming numbers .
rather , like insects , they are annoyances except when they seem to [have] such overwhelming numbers .

That you 'd have married Antoinette to possess them .
that you 'd have married antoinette to [have] them .

Some goods with external benefits , from which it is difficult to exclude people , possess a further characteristic : the consumption of their benefits by one person does not reduce the amount available for others .
some goods with external benefits , from which it is difficult to exclude people , [have] a further characteristic : the consumption of their benefits by one person does not reduce the amount available for others .

To this rather philosophical critique have then been added arguments about the economic inadequacies of markets . The use of markets for economic allocation in a capitalist system has been seen to possess the following drawbacks :
to this rather philosophical critique have then been added arguments about the economic inadequacies of markets . the use of markets for economic allocation in a capitalist system has been seen to [have] the following drawbacks :

Finally , the decomposition of managerial hierarchies allows some managers to specialize in strategic decision-making and for this task to be performed by people who not only possess a relevant comparative advantage but also whose corporate loyalties are not compromised by undue devotion to narrow functional goals .
finally , the decomposition of managerial hierarchies allows some managers to specialize in strategic decision-making and for this task to be performed by people who not only [have] a relevant comparative advantage but also whose corporate loyalties are not compromised by undue devotion to narrow functional goals .

Readers possess some implicit version of this grammar .
readers [have] some implicit version of this grammar .

That took more courage than you 'll ever possess .
that took more courage than you 'll ever [have] .

Briefly , his interest was in her as a person with opinions and particular professional attitudes of her own , rather than as a female body he wanted to possess , and Maria responded with relief .
briefly , his interest was in her as a person with opinions and particular professional attitudes of her own , rather than as a female body he wanted to [have] , and maria responded with relief .

Nina , she had no doubt , would possess such intimate knowledge .
nina , she had no doubt , would [have] such intimate knowledge .

In this first category we consider three main criticisms : ( a ) that the model developed in chapter 4 can not account for a major feature of all economies ; ( b ) that the model relies for all its results on very simple specifications of the aggregate supply and demand curves ; and ( c ) that even if one accepts the model as it stands governments might effectively stabilize the economy if they possess better information about the economy than the private sector , or indeed if different parts of the private sector possess different information .
in this first category we consider three main criticisms : ( a ) that the model developed in chapter 4 can not account for a major feature of all economies ; ( b ) that the model relies for all its results on very simple specifications of the aggregate supply and demand curves ; and ( c ) that even if one accepts the model as it stands governments might effectively stabilize the economy if they [have] better information about the economy than the private sector , or indeed if different parts of the private sector [have] different information .

Furthermore , of course , if the government did possess an important informational advantage there would be a strong incentive for the private sector to obtain the same information , so one might expect the advantage to be gradually eroded .
furthermore , of course , if the government did [have] an important informational advantage there would be a strong incentive for the private sector to obtain the same information , so one might expect the advantage to be gradually eroded .

Some ligands have low-lying empty orbitals , usually weakly antibonding in character , and thus possess characteristic electronic absorption spectra of their own .
some ligands have low-lying empty orbitals , usually weakly antibonding in character , and thus [have] characteristic electronic absorption spectra of their own .

The components of an electronically degenerate state will be split in a magnetic field by the Zeeman effect , if the ground and/or excited states possess non-zero angular momentum m j ; there is differential absorption of right- and left-circularly polarized light by the components of different m j .
the components of an electronically degenerate state will be split in a magnetic field by the zeeman effect , if the ground and/or excited states [have] non-zero angular momentum m j ; there is differential absorption of right- and left-circularly polarized light by the components of different m j .

Recall that , although workers in the sector possess identical skills , they have varying levels of commitment to the union .
recall that , although workers in the sector [have] identical skills , they have varying levels of commitment to the union .

Having no need to labour , only to possess the days ,
having no need to labour , only to [have] the days ,

Only to possess their power and their presence ,
only to [have] their power and their presence ,

This has plane wave solutions which are transverse waves travelling with velocity c , properties that electromagnetic waves also possess .
this has plane wave solutions which are transverse waves travelling with velocity c , properties that electromagnetic waves also [have] .

According to Richards , therefore , critics need two things that they did not habitually possess at the time he was writing , and usually do not possess now : a theory of communication and a theory of valuation .
according to richards , therefore , critics need two things that they did not habitually [have] at the time he was writing , and usually do not [have] now : a theory of communication and a theory of valuation .

possess unusual imagination .
[have] unusual imagination .

Yet her work touched on it at every point ; and without such experience , without the knowledge of such suffering — if suffering it was — what authority did she possess to speak a word of meaning in the world ?
yet her work touched on it at every point ; and without such experience , without the knowledge of such suffering — if suffering it was — what authority did she [have] to speak a word of meaning in the world ?

He had come before luncheon , eaten everything put before him with great dedication , looked about him hopefully for the cigar the household did not possess , and then explained abruptly without any preliminaries to Alexandra that she was her aunt 's sole heir .
he had come before luncheon , eaten everything put before him with great dedication , looked about him hopefully for the cigar the household did not [have] , and then explained abruptly without any preliminaries to alexandra that she was her aunt 's sole heir .

Knowledge which teachers possess about other parts of the world of education and training allows managers to rely on a broader set of reference points when new policies are developed .
knowledge which teachers [have] about other parts of the world of education and training allows managers to rely on a broader set of reference points when new policies are developed .

It was composed of a dignified and long-suffering mother , a seafaring father ( who , however , did not possess the errant ways of Franco 's father ) and their four children , who were clearly identifiable as Francisco Franco and his siblings .
it was composed of a dignified and long-suffering mother , a seafaring father ( who , however , did not [have] the errant ways of franco 's father ) and their four children , who were clearly identifiable as francisco franco and his siblings .

We seem to assume , with rather typical British arrogance , that if , as volunteers , we become committed , we innately possess the knowledge and skills to recruit supporters ; organize and publicize meetings , start and run effective committees ; run workshops , organize campaigns ; interact with the media .
we seem to assume , with rather typical british arrogance , that if , as volunteers , we become committed , we innately [have] the knowledge and skills to recruit supporters ; organize and publicize meetings , start and run effective committees ; run workshops , organize campaigns ; interact with the media .

As an instrument of assessment , however , the project is most effective when the students concerned already possess the necessary skills in planning , accessing resource material and in writing reports .
as an instrument of assessment , however , the project is most effective when the students concerned already [have] the necessary skills in planning , accessing resource material and in writing reports .

Confusion , despair , futility and hopelessness reached out from the darkest corners of Martin 's mind to engulf and possess him utterly .
confusion , despair , futility and hopelessness reached out from the darkest corners of martin 's mind to engulf and [have] him utterly .

Binomial distributions deal with a fixed population , each of whose members may possess only one of two possible elements ( the thesis is either cited in one year , or it is not ) , and the successive values of these elements are not dependent on the previous values ( a citation in one year does not imply a lack of citation in a following year ) .
binomial distributions deal with a fixed population , each of whose members may [have] only one of two possible elements ( the thesis is either cited in one year , or it is not ) , and the successive values of these elements are not dependent on the previous values ( a citation in one year does not imply a lack of citation in a following year ) .

What explanatory surveys require are cases which possess characteristics relevant to the problem of the research .
what explanatory surveys require are cases which [have] characteristics relevant to the problem of the research .

Membership of a `` terrorist group `` was punishable by five years ' imprisonment and it also became a crime to possess `` directly or indirectly `` written or recorded materials condoning `` terrorist `` activity .
membership of a `` terrorist group `` was punishable by five years ' imprisonment and it also became a crime to [have] `` directly or indirectly `` written or recorded materials condoning `` terrorist `` activity .

While it had previously been legal to possess a small quantity of drugs for personal use , the new law prohibited possession altogether .
while it had previously been legal to [have] a small quantity of drugs for personal use , the new law prohibited possession altogether .

In his address to more than 2,000 delegates , the King said that pluralism remained the only guarantee against dictatorship , adding that " there is not a single party that can claim to possess the truth " .
in his address to more than 2,000 delegates , the king said that pluralism remained the only guarantee against dictatorship , adding that " there is not a single party that can claim to [have] the truth " .

However , government officials claimed to possess a rebel `` hit list `` of prominent people which included Menem 's name .
however , government officials claimed to [have] a rebel `` hit list `` of prominent people which included menem 's name .

Under the terms of the agreement both countries committed themselves not to `` test , manufacture , produce , accept , possess , store , deploy or use nuclear weapons `` .
under the terms of the agreement both countries committed themselves not to `` test , manufacture , produce , accept , [have] , store , deploy or use nuclear weapons `` .

In a nationally televised address on Nov. 8 , the South Korean President , Roh Tae Woo , announced that South Korea " will not manufacture , possess , store deploy or use nuclear weapons " , neither would it develop nuclear reprocessing or enrichment facilities .
in a nationally televised address on nov. 8 , the south korean president , roh tae woo , announced that south korea " will not manufacture , [have] , store deploy or use nuclear weapons " , neither would it develop nuclear reprocessing or enrichment facilities .

All this will be possible so long as the materials … possess the qualities of being first hand , sensory , within the pupil 's experience , limited in quantity , and making human sense .
all this will be possible so long as the materials … [have] the qualities of being first hand , sensory , within the pupil 's experience , limited in quantity , and making human sense .

In adverse possession , the claimant must show not only actual possession for the required period together with an intention to possess the land , but also that the possession was `` adverse `` , which normally means `` designed to keep out the real ( `` `` paper `` `` ) owner `` .
in adverse possession , the claimant must show not only actual possession for the required period together with an intention to [have] the land , but also that the possession was `` adverse `` , which normally means `` designed to keep out the real ( `` `` paper `` `` ) owner `` .

The test of `` a right to stay `` on the land is in both cases , `` Did that person possess the land in fact , while intending to use the land and to keep out the whole world ? ``
the test of `` a right to stay `` on the land is in both cases , `` did that person [have] the land in fact , while intending to use the land and to keep out the whole world ? ``

In order to succeed against paper owners who seek possession , squatters must prove that , for at least twelve years , they have actually possessed the land , and have done so with the intention to possess it ( animus possidendi ) and adversely .
in order to succeed against paper owners who seek possession , squatters must prove that , for at least twelve years , they have actually possessed the land , and have done so with the intention to [have] it ( animus possidendi ) and adversely .

If the law is to attribute possession of land to a person who can establish no paper title to possession , he must be shown to have both factual possession and the requisite intention to possess ( animus possidendi ) .
if the law is to attribute possession of land to a person who can establish no paper title to possession , he must be shown to have both factual possession and the requisite intention to [have] ( animus possidendi ) .

In my judgment … the placing of the new lock and chain and gate did amount to a final unequivocal demonstration of the defendant 's intention to possess the land .
in my judgment … the placing of the new lock and chain and gate did amount to a final unequivocal demonstration of the defendant 's intention to [have] the land .

The landlord 's obligation to repay if those covenants are observed is , it is argued , inseparable from that associated obligation and must therefore possess the same characteristics as the covenants whose performance is secured by the associated obligation .
the landlord 's obligation to repay if those covenants are observed is , it is argued , inseparable from that associated obligation and must therefore [have] the same characteristics as the covenants whose performance is secured by the associated obligation .

One option that he did not possess was the mass medium of radio which he had used so effectively during the war : in April 1947 the prime minister Paul Ramadier prohibited retransmission of de Gaulle 's speeches .
one option that he did not [have] was the mass medium of radio which he had used so effectively during the war : in april 1947 the prime minister paul ramadier prohibited retransmission of de gaulle 's speeches .

This was an area where decision-making demanded particular expertise ( which , although he was a diligent learner , de Gaulle did not possess ) and where the danger of his surrendering control to experts was correspondingly great .
this was an area where decision-making demanded particular expertise ( which , although he was a diligent learner , de gaulle did not [have] ) and where the danger of his surrendering control to experts was correspondingly great .

However , there is an important distinction to be made here , and this is that unlike restrictive practices , judgements about mergers possess an essentially political dimension .
however , there is an important distinction to be made here , and this is that unlike restrictive practices , judgements about mergers [have] an essentially political dimension .

possess one of the following qualifications :
[have] one of the following qualifications :

possess one of the following qualifications :
[have] one of the following qualifications :

Those who succeed generally possess a proven track record , a pragmatic approach to management problems and proactive style , with the resilience to cope in certain instances with extreme hardship , unfavourable climate , long hours of work and sometimes prolonged separation from loved ones .
those who succeed generally [have] a proven track record , a pragmatic approach to management problems and proactive style , with the resilience to cope in certain instances with extreme hardship , unfavourable climate , long hours of work and sometimes prolonged separation from loved ones .

This seems to be a reflection of the primacy of the resultative `` possess knowledge `` sense over the operative `` obtain knowledge `` one in the potential meaning of know .
this seems to be a reflection of the primacy of the resultative `` [have] knowledge `` sense over the operative `` obtain knowledge `` one in the potential meaning of know .

The evidence from this study suggests that a very strong case can be made for widening access to higher education for mature students who do not possess standard entry qualifications .
the evidence from this study suggests that a very strong case can be made for widening access to higher education for mature students who do not [have] standard entry qualifications .

However , religion , mores and institutions , low standards of health and education as well as many imponderables may impinge upon the application of such knowledge as the people possess and , in any case , may be barriers to change .
however , religion , mores and institutions , low standards of health and education as well as many imponderables may impinge upon the application of such knowledge as the people [have] and , in any case , may be barriers to change .

Barring very special circumstances , these events and patterns are within the control of individuals and couples that possess the knowledge and means of family planning .
barring very special circumstances , these events and patterns are within the control of individuals and couples that [have] the knowledge and means of family planning .

Such a catalogue would `` know `` a large number of titles and names even if the library being searched did not possess them .
such a catalogue would `` know `` a large number of titles and names even if the library being searched did not [have] them .

In practice that means keeping an eye out for leadership qualities and sometimes selecting on that basis and , at the same time , encouraging the absorption of certain leadership precepts by those who do not seem to possess them in a natural way .
in practice that means keeping an eye out for leadership qualities and sometimes selecting on that basis and , at the same time , encouraging the absorption of certain leadership precepts by those who do not seem to [have] them in a natural way .

To a certain extent this is correct , but those who know these waters intimately will perhaps agree that their reputation can be exaggerated , and that there are advantages which other coastlines do not possess .
to a certain extent this is correct , but those who know these waters intimately will perhaps agree that their reputation can be exaggerated , and that there are advantages which other coastlines do not [have] .

There is likewise a large class of materials , some natural , some synthetic , which possess different moduli in different directions .
there is likewise a large class of materials , some natural , some synthetic , which [have] different moduli in different directions .

Demonstration experiments in which a polymer solution is shown to possess the ability to extend under tensile forces are described in `` Elastic Liquids ' by Lodge 91964 ) .
demonstration experiments in which a polymer solution is shown to [have] the ability to extend under tensile forces are described in `` elastic liquids ' by lodge 91964 ) .

The above methods are however well tried , possess adequate theoretical bases and in general , are simple tests , that is , they test only one quantity and are not derived tests which combined several variables .
the above methods are however well tried , [have] adequate theoretical bases and in general , are simple tests , that is , they test only one quantity and are not derived tests which combined several variables .

Gastrointestinal epithelial cells possess a variety of acid-base transport systems .
gastrointestinal epithelial cells [have] a variety of acid-base transport systems .

Ditter et al have shown that adsorbents such as bentonite , kaopectate , and charcoal possess in vivo and in vitro antiendotoxin activity .
ditter et al have shown that adsorbents such as bentonite , kaopectate , and charcoal [have] in vivo and in vitro antiendotoxin activity .

those channels to remorse , possess her mind ,
those channels to remorse , [have] her mind ,

are waiting for Legion to possess them ,
are waiting for legion to [have] them ,

They possess a segmented body musculature ; a stiff axial rod , the notocord , or its replacement , the vertebral column ; and a tail extending behind the anus .
they [have] a segmented body musculature ; a stiff axial rod , the notocord , or its replacement , the vertebral column ; and a tail extending behind the anus .

They possess two pairs of fins , or their derivatives , limbs : two is the minimum number of lateral extensions of the body needed to generate a vertical force through any point on the body ( one pair could generate a force at only one point , and three pairs are one too many ) .
they [have] two pairs of fins , or their derivatives , limbs : two is the minimum number of lateral extensions of the body needed to generate a vertical force through any point on the body ( one pair could generate a force at only one point , and three pairs are one too many ) .

The only possible solution to those problems is to build a Europe in which national boundaries no longer have the political and economic significance they now possess .
the only possible solution to those problems is to build a europe in which national boundaries no longer have the political and economic significance they now [have] .

It follows that for a shape to assume constancy it must be closed and possess a skin , or comprehensible boundary .
it follows that for a shape to assume constancy it must be closed and [have] a skin , or comprehensible boundary .

Quite frequently a horse will decide to ‘ possess ’ another in the herd — obviously one lower in the pecking order — and drive the other horse around with it all day long .
quite frequently a horse will decide to ‘ [have] ’ another in the herd — obviously one lower in the pecking order — and drive the other horse around with it all day long .

( We need to bear in mind that the voices of horses differ greatly between individuals ; so a mare or foal may actually possess a deep voice , and a stallion may sometimes have quite a high voice . )
( we need to bear in mind that the voices of horses differ greatly between individuals ; so a mare or foal may actually [have] a deep voice , and a stallion may sometimes have quite a high voice . )

Maeve could be Kali , or even Mammy Water the lake goddess of Nigeria 's Ibo-land who makes beautiful women mad so she can possess their boyfriends .
maeve could be kali , or even mammy water the lake goddess of nigeria 's ibo-land who makes beautiful women mad so she can [have] their boyfriends .

Moreover , the large number of coins which have survived and the way they have survived in hoards has made them the most datable objects from the ancient or medieval worlds that we possess .
moreover , the large number of coins which have survived and the way they have survived in hoards has made them the most datable objects from the ancient or medieval worlds that we [have] .

Qaddafi once sought to demonstrate the new well-being and prosperity of his country by quoting statistics to show that Libya had imported enough radios for each man , woman and child to possess three of them .
qaddafi once sought to demonstrate the new well-being and prosperity of his country by quoting statistics to show that libya had imported enough radios for each man , woman and child to [have] three of them .

Conversation thus tended to be laconic and allusive and it sometimes scarcely seemed to possess a thread of connection between one remark and the next : this was however an illusion , seductive enough to a stranger ignorant of background , all the more so to a stranger not fully in command of the language .
conversation thus tended to be laconic and allusive and it sometimes scarcely seemed to [have] a thread of connection between one remark and the next : this was however an illusion , seductive enough to a stranger ignorant of background , all the more so to a stranger not fully in command of the language .

My guess is that the German authority is waiting to be forced by outside opinion to reimpose some form of genuine , serious ban ; but that it will do so only at a price — that of an assurance from other major national authorities that they will actively target specific drug-suspects under their own jurisdiction , proceeding upon information they may already possess but have chosen not to ‘ activate ’ .
my guess is that the german authority is waiting to be forced by outside opinion to reimpose some form of genuine , serious ban ; but that it will do so only at a price — that of an assurance from other major national authorities that they will actively target specific drug-suspects under their own jurisdiction , proceeding upon information they may already [have] but have chosen not to ‘ activate ’ .

The duties of a trustee may be indefinitely varied by the terms of the instrument which creates the trust , and may range from a mere duty to make a legal conveyance to the beneficiary at his request , and in the meantime to permit him to possess and enjoy the property , to extensive and onerous duties of management , sale , investment , and application of capital and income .
the duties of a trustee may be indefinitely varied by the terms of the instrument which creates the trust , and may range from a mere duty to make a legal conveyance to the beneficiary at his request , and in the meantime to permit him to [have] and enjoy the property , to extensive and onerous duties of management , sale , investment , and application of capital and income .

It had not been a response to an immediate military threat , but rather to something fundamentalist and almost intuitive — a feeling that Britain must possess so climacteric a weapon in order to deter an atomically armed enemy , a feeling that Britain as a great power must acquire all major new weapons , a feeling that atomic weapons were a manifestation of the scientific and technological superiority on which Britain 's strength , so deficient in sheer numbers of men , must depend .
it had not been a response to an immediate military threat , but rather to something fundamentalist and almost intuitive — a feeling that britain must [have] so climacteric a weapon in order to deter an atomically armed enemy , a feeling that britain as a great power must acquire all major new weapons , a feeling that atomic weapons were a manifestation of the scientific and technological superiority on which britain 's strength , so deficient in sheer numbers of men , must depend .

Although the defence of the West depended primarily on the American nuclear umbrella , he could justifiably claim that there was a wide measure of agreement in Britain that the country must possess ‘ an appreciable element of nuclear deterrent power ’ of its own .
although the defence of the west depended primarily on the american nuclear umbrella , he could justifiably claim that there was a wide measure of agreement in britain that the country must [have] ‘ an appreciable element of nuclear deterrent power ’ of its own .

Should you ever possess a whole ham on the bone , you must know how to carve it properly , otherwise you will waste a great deal of meat and subsequently be eating ham soup for ages .
should you ever [have] a whole ham on the bone , you must know how to carve it properly , otherwise you will waste a great deal of meat and subsequently be eating ham soup for ages .

These expensive , shrivelled and unappealing tomatoes possess an incredible flavour that is quite outstanding .
these expensive , shrivelled and unappealing tomatoes [have] an incredible flavour that is quite outstanding .

The central authorities in Moscow know that , if they keep tight control over the information they possess , they will also keep their contacts with foreigners and their access to foreign money ; Soviet scientists have been known to try to sell Chernobyl statistics to the West .
the central authorities in moscow know that , if they keep tight control over the information they [have] , they will also keep their contacts with foreigners and their access to foreign money ; soviet scientists have been known to try to sell chernobyl statistics to the west .

The Big Four retained , and still possess , the power to decide the German Question , eventual reunification , and exercise joint supreme authority over Berlin .
the big four retained , and still [have] , the power to decide the german question , eventual reunification , and exercise joint supreme authority over berlin .

Bats are the only mammals to possess wings and to manage sustained flight .
bats are the only mammals to [have] wings and to manage sustained flight .

Internally they are really quite complicated , and some possess lobes and channels incised within the plates strikingly similar to the appearance of the brain and nerves in some fishes .
internally they are really quite complicated , and some [have] lobes and channels incised within the plates strikingly similar to the appearance of the brain and nerves in some fishes .

To keep more animals , the farmers must possess a written long-term agreement to deliver surplus manure to other farms , or to common storage plants or biogas plants .
to keep more animals , the farmers must [have] a written long-term agreement to deliver surplus manure to other farms , or to common storage plants or biogas plants .

But we possess in the air-empire of dreams
but we [have] in the air-empire of dreams

The ability to respond in crisis is one of the skills which all teachers must possess .
the ability to respond in crisis is one of the skills which all teachers must [have] .

It was also said to possess curative powers , as did several other plants which incorporate the name of the Virgin Mary or the saints in their Gaelic names .
it was also said to [have] curative powers , as did several other plants which incorporate the name of the virgin mary or the saints in their gaelic names .

It was indeed amazing that the geese did not cackle ; that so many young people held their peace and denied themselves the self-importance of being known to possess a supreme secret .
it was indeed amazing that the geese did not cackle ; that so many young people held their peace and denied themselves the self-importance of being known to [have] a supreme secret .

The status of the pupils in the activity can be raised and the value of their contributions recognised by suggesting that some of them may already possess considerable information and experience ( pp. 36–38 ) .
the status of the pupils in the activity can be raised and the value of their contributions recognised by suggesting that some of them may already [have] considerable information and experience ( pp. 36–38 ) .

And by the same criterion , no sentence which purports to describe the nature of a transcendent god can possess any literal significance .
and by the same criterion , no sentence which purports to describe the nature of a transcendent god can [have] any literal significance .

Unlike Locke , it does not possess the assurance of having won the argument on that ground .
unlike locke , it does not [have] the assurance of having won the argument on that ground .

In his Analogy , Butler concerned himself with the question of what sort of evidence one must possess in order to believe in God .
in his analogy , butler concerned himself with the question of what sort of evidence one must [have] in order to believe in god .

We can possess a mathematical certainty that two and two make four , but this rarely matters to us .
we can [have] a mathematical certainty that two and two make four , but this rarely matters to us .

On the other hand , we can never possess such a certainty that someone loves us .
on the other hand , we can never [have] such a certainty that someone loves us .

Since even the best attested fact of the history of the past can possess no more than a very high degree of probability and since , by definition , Christian and indeed all religious faith must from the believer 's point of view be absolutely certain and secure , can faith ever be said to depend upon an historical fact , no matter how well established ? Faith must know its object in a way we can not know an historical fact .
since even the best attested fact of the history of the past can [have] no more than a very high degree of probability and since , by definition , christian and indeed all religious faith must from the believer 's point of view be absolutely certain and secure , can faith ever be said to depend upon an historical fact , no matter how well established ? faith must know its object in a way we can not know an historical fact .

We discuss the idea of goodness in the next chapter , but what we can note here is that these characteristics have traditionally been regarded as examples of the way of eminence — of God possessing perfectly what we possess imperfectly .
we discuss the idea of goodness in the next chapter , but what we can note here is that these characteristics have traditionally been regarded as examples of the way of eminence — of god possessing perfectly what we [have] imperfectly .

Animals possess growth , movement and a consciousness of what is not themselves .
animals [have] growth , movement and a consciousness of what is not themselves .

Humans possess not only this , but also a consciousness of themselves in relation to the world around them .
humans [have] not only this , but also a consciousness of themselves in relation to the world around them .

Neutralizing involves giving the employee work where their weaknesses can not cause problems and where they get a chance to use whatever strengths they possess .
neutralizing involves giving the employee work where their weaknesses can not cause problems and where they get a chance to use whatever strengths they [have] .

If you are a self starter and have decided on your own initiative that your boss needs yet another report , then check that you do possess convincing evidence that the issue is significant and it is not merely you that wishes to seem important .
if you are a self starter and have decided on your own initiative that your boss needs yet another report , then check that you do [have] convincing evidence that the issue is significant and it is not merely you that wishes to seem important .

You will also possess a large amount of information .
you will also [have] a large amount of information .

The person to whom power is delegated must possess a measure of confidence in themselves .
the person to whom power is delegated must [have] a measure of confidence in themselves .

• What experimental evidence leads us to believe that we possess an internal body clock ? • What do we know about the rhythms that the clock controls . • Is the clock the same in all of us and at all stages of our lives ? • What do we know about the clock itself — where is it , what influences it , and how does it work ? • What is the usefulness of such a clock ?
• what experimental evidence leads us to believe that we [have] an internal body clock ? • what do we know about the rhythms that the clock controls . • is the clock the same in all of us and at all stages of our lives ? • what do we know about the clock itself — where is it , what influences it , and how does it work ? • what is the usefulness of such a clock ?

Although people are equal in that they possess in common many rhythms , composed of external and internal causes , there are also differences between them .
although people are equal in that they [have] in common many rhythms , composed of external and internal causes , there are also differences between them .

Even if it is accepted that there is now overwhelming evidence that we possess a body clock , it will appear to have little use .
even if it is accepted that there is now overwhelming evidence that we [have] a body clock , it will appear to have little use .

There are two other components that tasks can possess , short-term memory and vigilance .
there are two other components that tasks can [have] , short-term memory and vigilance .

Those who , day by day , show regular habits and who are subjected to these external influences in a regular way possess body clocks that are more accurately adjusted to 24 hours than do those whose life-style is less regular ( see fig .
those who , day by day , show regular habits and who are subjected to these external influences in a regular way [have] body clocks that are more accurately adjusted to 24 hours than do those whose life-style is less regular ( see fig .

All these drinks possess diuretic properties , that is , they increase the loss of body fluids in the urine .
all these drinks [have] diuretic properties , that is , they increase the loss of body fluids in the urine .

At long last you can possess an lipstick that never fades — due to certain capsules that release colour every time you press your lips together .
at long last you can [have] an lipstick that never fades — due to certain capsules that release colour every time you press your lips together .

For while your granny may have been content to envelope herself in a cloud of ‘ Tweed ’ each and every morning of her life — never daring to deviate from her ‘ trademark ’ perfume for so much as tea with the vicar — most of us , today , possess a positive wardrobe of perfumes to play with .
for while your granny may have been content to envelope herself in a cloud of ‘ tweed ’ each and every morning of her life — never daring to deviate from her ‘ trademark ’ perfume for so much as tea with the vicar — most of us , today , [have] a positive wardrobe of perfumes to play with .

The police , he concluded , must possess ‘ an unswerving commitment to communication and consultation within which police and the community are equal partners .
the police , he concluded , must [have] ‘ an unswerving commitment to communication and consultation within which police and the community are equal partners .

Oldham surprised St Helens and Wigan en route to Knowsley Road , and possess in Tony Barrow a coach with intimate knowledge of Warrington 's strengths and weaknesses .
oldham surprised st helens and wigan en route to knowsley road , and [have] in tony barrow a coach with intimate knowledge of warrington 's strengths and weaknesses .

With no might duty neighbourhood police usually avoid loitering youths , drunks , and other might people , something which at least one complained about , leaving these categories to the section or reserve police who possess in less proportion the skills required for effective community policing .
with no might duty neighbourhood police usually avoid loitering youths , drunks , and other might people , something which at least one complained about , leaving these categories to the section or reserve police who [have] in less proportion the skills required for effective community policing .

No drama school panel is looking for the ultimate in audition technique but candidates should possess a noticeable degree of competence and self-awareness .
no drama school panel is looking for the ultimate in audition technique but candidates should [have] a noticeable degree of competence and self-awareness .

The ability to sing and dance has become increasingly important in the profession nowadays , and there are few actors who do n't possess some musical and dance skills .
the ability to sing and dance has become increasingly important in the profession nowadays , and there are few actors who do n't [have] some musical and dance skills .

It implies , of course , that as long as they have the right kind of causal relations , other machines , apart from brains , can possess mentality ; and it also implies that the study of artificial intelligence and computational modelling is the royal road to understanding mentality .
it implies , of course , that as long as they have the right kind of causal relations , other machines , apart from brains , can [have] mentality ; and it also implies that the study of artificial intelligence and computational modelling is the royal road to understanding mentality .

Names , like words , in Hebrew are things ; they are not merely descriptive labellings , but possess a dynamic of their own which can be communicated to those touched by them .
names , like words , in hebrew are things ; they are not merely descriptive labellings , but [have] a dynamic of their own which can be communicated to those touched by them .

In Kenya Harris Okong'o Arara continues to serve a five-year sentence imposed in 1988 under a law which makes it a criminal offence simply to possess literature critical of the government .
in kenya harris okong'o arara continues to serve a five-year sentence imposed in 1988 under a law which makes it a criminal offence simply to [have] literature critical of the government .

possess any secret official code word , or password , or sketch , plan , model , article , note , document or information which relates to or is used in a prohibited place or anything in such a place , or which has been made or obtained in contravention of this Act , or which has been entrusted in confidence to him by any person holding office under Her Majesty or which he has obtained or to which he has had access owing to his position as a person who is or has been employed under a person who holds or has held such an office or contract — [ and who ] ( a ) communicates the code word , pass word , sketch , plan , model , article , note , document , or information to any person other than a person to whom he is authorised to communicate it , or a person to whom it is in the interest of the State his duty to communicate it , or ( aa ) uses the information in his possession for the benefit of any foreign power or in any other manner prejudicial to the safety or interests of the State , or ( b ) retains the sketch , plan , model , article , note , or document in his possession or control when he has no right to retain it or when it is contrary to his duty to retain it , or fails to comply with all directions issued by lawful authority with regard to the return or disposal thereof , or …
[have] any secret official code word , or password , or sketch , plan , model , article , note , document or information which relates to or is used in a prohibited place or anything in such a place , or which has been made or obtained in contravention of this act , or which has been entrusted in confidence to him by any person holding office under her majesty or which he has obtained or to which he has had access owing to his position as a person who is or has been employed under a person who holds or has held such an office or contract — [ and who ] ( a ) communicates the code word , pass word , sketch , plan , model , article , note , document , or information to any person other than a person to whom he is authorised to communicate it , or a person to whom it is in the interest of the state his duty to communicate it , or ( aa ) uses the information in his possession for the benefit of any foreign power or in any other manner prejudicial to the safety or interests of the state , or ( b ) retains the sketch , plan , model , article , note , or document in his possession or control when he has no right to retain it or when it is contrary to his duty to retain it , or fails to comply with all directions issued by lawful authority with regard to the return or disposal thereof , or …

This fundamental marketing information can easily be gleaned from the vast stores of historic customer data which hotels possess .
this fundamental marketing information can easily be gleaned from the vast stores of historic customer data which hotels [have] .

The real origins and reasons for the emergence of the cult get lost in the outrage at the behaviour of those who possess the style .
the real origins and reasons for the emergence of the cult get lost in the outrage at the behaviour of those who [have] the style .

They 're always jumping out of the frame ( look elsewhere in this book at Nick 's action shots of skinheads on the move … ) They 're always on their toes , ready to respond to the slightest provocation , ready to defend the little they possess ( a football end , a pub , a street , a reputation ) .
they 're always jumping out of the frame ( look elsewhere in this book at nick 's action shots of skinheads on the move … ) they 're always on their toes , ready to respond to the slightest provocation , ready to defend the little they [have] ( a football end , a pub , a street , a reputation ) .

It hardly can be said to possess discrete ‘ generations ’ , or to consist of discrete ‘ organisms ’ , at all .
it hardly can be said to [have] discrete ‘ generations ’ , or to consist of discrete ‘ organisms ’ , at all .

Desire to possess nothing .
desire to [have] nothing .

And in your detachment you possess all things .
and in your detachment you [have] all things .

It is a great blessing to possess a sound mind in a healthy body , and it is our duty to build this gift into true fitness .
it is a great blessing to [have] a sound mind in a healthy body , and it is our duty to build this gift into true fitness .

For if the station is seen as cathedral or chapel , it can also be seen to possess in its heyday a Bible every bit as imposing and sometimes even as impenetrable as the Authorized Version ( Bradshaw ) , incense ( steam ) , and liturgical chanting ( ‘ The train now standing at platform 3 is … ’ , ‘ Close the doors and stand clear ’ , ‘ All change ’ ) .
for if the station is seen as cathedral or chapel , it can also be seen to [have] in its heyday a bible every bit as imposing and sometimes even as impenetrable as the authorized version ( bradshaw ) , incense ( steam ) , and liturgical chanting ( ‘ the train now standing at platform 3 is … ’ , ‘ close the doors and stand clear ’ , ‘ all change ’ ) .

They are truly the only representative buildings we possess .
they are truly the only representative buildings we [have] .

Meeks has suggested that in that year the United States still did not possess truly great stations to match the European models .
meeks has suggested that in that year the united states still did not [have] truly great stations to match the european models .

In teacher-training colleges lecturers have new theories of history that do away with the learning of ‘ facts ’ in favour of imaginative identification with more than a little colouring from the modern stereotypes that possess their own imagination .
in teacher-training colleges lecturers have new theories of history that do away with the learning of ‘ facts ’ in favour of imaginative identification with more than a little colouring from the modern stereotypes that [have] their own imagination .

They pass the ball sweetly , create space effortlessly , and in Alemao , Branco , Valdo , Dunga , Mozer and Jorginho possess players who should give them a formidable momentum next summer .
they pass the ball sweetly , create space effortlessly , and in alemao , branco , valdo , dunga , mozer and jorginho [have] players who should give them a formidable momentum next summer .

Ray French does not possess Moorhouse 's gifts as a writer , but he has never been short of constructive opinion , good ideas or a sense of humour , qualities readily apparent in More Kinds of Rugby .
ray french does not [have] moorhouse 's gifts as a writer , but he has never been short of constructive opinion , good ideas or a sense of humour , qualities readily apparent in more kinds of rugby .

The rebuilding is still taking place , but while they perhaps lack Wigan 's all-round capability , some of the assurance that carried them so successfully through two-thirds of last season has looked to be returning , and they could possess the forward strength to disrupt Wigan 's composure .
the rebuilding is still taking place , but while they perhaps lack wigan 's all-round capability , some of the assurance that carried them so successfully through two-thirds of last season has looked to be returning , and they could [have] the forward strength to disrupt wigan 's composure .

Conservatism , like any other ideology , has to justify its conception of authority and social discipline in terms of a claim to possess superior political wisdom , and it is the manner and nature of this claim that defines the essence of Conservatism .
conservatism , like any other ideology , has to justify its conception of authority and social discipline in terms of a claim to [have] superior political wisdom , and it is the manner and nature of this claim that defines the essence of conservatism .

The Queen is the prescriptive sovereign of one realm only , the United Kingdom : elsewhere neither she nor her so-called representatives the governors-general possess an ounce of prescriptive sovereignty .
the queen is the prescriptive sovereign of one realm only , the united kingdom : elsewhere neither she nor her so-called representatives the governors-general [have] an ounce of prescriptive sovereignty .

In Act v , Scene v , of Jonson 's Volpone Mosca enters dressed as a gentleman ; it is a moment which might be seen to mark the arrival of the urban impostor , he or she who knows that mimicry and impersonation possess the potential not just to deceive and usurp , but also to subvert social differentiation and identity itself :
in act v , scene v , of jonson 's volpone mosca enters dressed as a gentleman ; it is a moment which might be seen to mark the arrival of the urban impostor , he or she who knows that mimicry and impersonation [have] the potential not just to deceive and usurp , but also to subvert social differentiation and identity itself :

It is in these ways that The Roaring Girl begins to disclose how , because of the complex connections between sexuality , gender , and class , and specifically between sexual and economic exploitation , economic and political anxieties can be displaced into the domain of the sexual and conversely , the sexual comes to possess enormous signifying power ( though very different from that attributed to sexuality by the radical humanist ) .
it is in these ways that the roaring girl begins to disclose how , because of the complex connections between sexuality , gender , and class , and specifically between sexual and economic exploitation , economic and political anxieties can be displaced into the domain of the sexual and conversely , the sexual comes to [have] enormous signifying power ( though very different from that attributed to sexuality by the radical humanist ) .

It is a supreme displacement of the rival male via the very woman whom each struggles to possess , the one as father , the other as ‘ lover ’ .
it is a supreme displacement of the rival male via the very woman whom each struggles to [have] , the one as father , the other as ‘ lover ’ .

So each doctrine is sometimes the shadow and sometimes the equivalent of the other … What sort of beauty is it these lads from the shanty town possess ?
so each doctrine is sometimes the shadow and sometimes the equivalent of the other … what sort of beauty is it these lads from the shanty town [have] ?

We do know what came from Marx in The Origin because we possess Marx 's notes on some of the anthropological works he examined , and these notes contain passages later incorporated into Engels 's book .
we do know what came from marx in the origin because we [have] marx 's notes on some of the anthropological works he examined , and these notes contain passages later incorporated into engels 's book .

This hypothesis was for a long time a subject of much contention in anthropology and is not even now entirely laid to rest , but the meagre historical record we possess can not possibly support such an assertion .
this hypothesis was for a long time a subject of much contention in anthropology and is not even now entirely laid to rest , but the meagre historical record we [have] can not possibly support such an assertion .

And if Asylnuratova does not possess the imperturbable technique of a Guillem , the expressiveness of her dancing is matched by so mobile and luminous a face that everyone else on stage looks slightly blank .
and if asylnuratova does not [have] the imperturbable technique of a guillem , the expressiveness of her dancing is matched by so mobile and luminous a face that everyone else on stage looks slightly blank .

It has been suggested that Biggs does not possess the heart but when so badly cut that he could not be allowed more than one more round he went back out and stopped David Bey .
it has been suggested that biggs does not [have] the heart but when so badly cut that he could not be allowed more than one more round he went back out and stopped david bey .

In the companies and enterprises fortunate enough to possess one , access to these necessary but — so it seems — fundamentally evil items is limited to a favoured and closely monitored few .
in the companies and enterprises fortunate enough to [have] one , access to these necessary but — so it seems — fundamentally evil items is limited to a favoured and closely monitored few .

Formerly partnered by Nick Skelton , Picnic had proved to possess a distinctly awkward streak .
formerly partnered by nick skelton , picnic had proved to [have] a distinctly awkward streak .

Then the king will say to those on his right hand , ‘ You have my Father 's blessing ; come , enter and possess the kingdom that has been ready for you since the world was made .
then the king will say to those on his right hand , ‘ you have my father 's blessing ; come , enter and [have] the kingdom that has been ready for you since the world was made .

To be effective , an organization must possess attributes that are simultaneously contradictory , even mutually exclusive , ( Cameron , 1986 , pp .
to be effective , an organization must [have] attributes that are simultaneously contradictory , even mutually exclusive , ( cameron , 1986 , pp .

Cardiff , whose rucking and mauling remains sub-standard , at least possess a pair of half-backs with the wit and ability to make best use of the ball they do get .
cardiff , whose rucking and mauling remains sub-standard , at least [have] a pair of half-backs with the wit and ability to make best use of the ball they do get .

By the law of the land , not only does he possess none of it , he does not even have the right to own any of it .
by the law of the land , not only does he [have] none of it , he does not even have the right to own any of it .

Did the dead girl , whoever she was , possess the head of a bird ?
did the dead girl , whoever she was , [have] the head of a bird ?

And here was the chance to possess it ; to study it ; even , possibly , to understand it .
and here was the chance to [have] it ; to study it ; even , possibly , to understand it .

Mada Joyce also told the truth , which Martha considered the best virtue an adult could possess .
mada joyce also told the truth , which martha considered the best virtue an adult could [have] .

While this year 's run of four successive defeats does not ring true , they also possess some senior citizens who relish upsetting preconceived ideas .
while this year 's run of four successive defeats does not ring true , they also [have] some senior citizens who relish upsetting preconceived ideas .

There is still ample talent for England , given sensible selection , to demonstrate that they do possess organised strength in depth and that the national structure , so precarious in other years , has a substantial base .
there is still ample talent for england , given sensible selection , to demonstrate that they do [have] organised strength in depth and that the national structure , so precarious in other years , has a substantial base .

But they do n't care that the only honest answer to the West Lothian Question — which is to deny the right of Scots MPs to share in legislating for England and Wales on those subjects which in Scotland have been devolved to the Scottish parliament — would render any British government unstable , since it might possess a majority on some issues but not on others .
but they do n't care that the only honest answer to the west lothian question — which is to deny the right of scots mps to share in legislating for england and wales on those subjects which in scotland have been devolved to the scottish parliament — would render any british government unstable , since it might [have] a majority on some issues but not on others .

Nevertheless he does possess a yellow face as opposed to lodging in a yellow room , or handling yellow money , or being issued ( the bureaucracy ! )
nevertheless he does [have] a yellow face as opposed to lodging in a yellow room , or handling yellow money , or being issued ( the bureaucracy ! )

Some samplers possess a simple low-pass filter rolling off at about 16kHz , but do not remove enough of the signal above 20kHz to allow a sample rate of 40kHz .
some samplers [have] a simple low-pass filter rolling off at about 16khz , but do not remove enough of the signal above 20khz to allow a sample rate of 40khz .

As is pointed in International Rectifier 's note AN-969m power mosfets possess advantages over bipolar transistors for ignition circuits , chiefly because of the high voltages then must withstand when used in place of a conventional mechanical contact breaker .
as is pointed in international rectifier 's note an-969m power mosfets [have] advantages over bipolar transistors for ignition circuits , chiefly because of the high voltages then must withstand when used in place of a conventional mechanical contact breaker .

It has never been de rigueur for academics who rise to high places in English departments , and , conversely , students who possess it may not do well in formal examinations .
it has never been de rigueur for academics who rise to high places in english departments , and , conversely , students who [have] it may not do well in formal examinations .

Nevertheless , the design comes directly from the traditional vocabulary and , with thought , it can be performed by dancers who possess strong and precise technique and who can enjoy the challenge it sets before them .
nevertheless , the design comes directly from the traditional vocabulary and , with thought , it can be performed by dancers who [have] strong and precise technique and who can enjoy the challenge it sets before them .

Choreographers should , therefore , remember that dancers possess physical and mental abilities of their own which should be used effectively and expressively .
choreographers should , therefore , remember that dancers [have] physical and mental abilities of their own which should be used effectively and expressively .

‘ Mentally handicapped ’ is the most common term used in Great Britain to describe a section of the public who possess a lower than average level of intelligence .
‘ mentally handicapped ’ is the most common term used in great britain to describe a section of the public who [have] a lower than average level of intelligence .

There is ‘ classic ’ autism , and forms of mental handicap where the children are said to possess autistic tendencies . The basic impairments are :
there is ‘ classic ’ autism , and forms of mental handicap where the children are said to [have] autistic tendencies . the basic impairments are :

Autism is also unusual in that the children will often possess special skills which can falsely suggest that they are considerably more intelligent than they in fact are .
autism is also unusual in that the children will often [have] special skills which can falsely suggest that they are considerably more intelligent than they in fact are .

The knowledge which the parents possess will be based on perhaps a superficial understanding built up over many years and based largely on misconceptions .
the knowledge which the parents [have] will be based on perhaps a superficial understanding built up over many years and based largely on misconceptions .

Just as they are taught other subjects , they should increasingly be taught about such topics as mental handicap so that they do not grow up with the prejudices that their parents may possess .
just as they are taught other subjects , they should increasingly be taught about such topics as mental handicap so that they do not grow up with the prejudices that their parents may [have] .

The very way that news stories and programmes about mental handicap are reported falls into the same trap of assuming that the whole subject is sad and despairing , mainly because the journalists and broadcasters possess the same lack of understanding as their viewers .
the very way that news stories and programmes about mental handicap are reported falls into the same trap of assuming that the whole subject is sad and despairing , mainly because the journalists and broadcasters [have] the same lack of understanding as their viewers .

The almost absolute dependence of the small and medium-sized landholders on large-scale capitalist enterprise is illustrated by the case of tea , where the ago-industries possess their own haciendas and the organisation of labour is completely of the wage-earner type .
the almost absolute dependence of the small and medium-sized landholders on large-scale capitalist enterprise is illustrated by the case of tea , where the ago-industries [have] their own haciendas and the organisation of labour is completely of the wage-earner type .

First , there are just institutions which neither possess , nor claim to possess , any authority .
first , there are just institutions which neither [have] , nor claim to [have] , any authority .

If there is any range of activities in which those who possess great power clearly can do better than most people it is in co-ordinating the activities of many people .
if there is any range of activities in which those who [have] great power clearly can do better than most people it is in co-ordinating the activities of many people .

It seems plausible to suppose that unless a person enjoys or is soon likely to acquire effective power in a society he does not possess legitimate political authority over that society .
it seems plausible to suppose that unless a person enjoys or is soon likely to acquire effective power in a society he does not [have] legitimate political authority over that society .

Some of the activities and resources are such that the parties engage or wish to engage in them or possess them only because of the conflict .
some of the activities and resources are such that the parties engage or wish to engage in them or [have] them only because of the conflict .

Consider the argument of Nicos Poulantzas who asserts that nations are as old as or older than class society ( as if the two modes of analysis are not mutually reinforcing ) , will persist after the State disappears , and possess a ‘ transhistorical irreducibility ’ .
consider the argument of nicos poulantzas who asserts that nations are as old as or older than class society ( as if the two modes of analysis are not mutually reinforcing ) , will persist after the state disappears , and [have] a ‘ transhistorical irreducibility ’ .

To be academic for a moment , minerals can be defined as ‘ naturally formed , inorganic substances which possess a definite chemical composition and a definite atomic structure ’ .
to be academic for a moment , minerals can be defined as ‘ naturally formed , inorganic substances which [have] a definite chemical composition and a definite atomic structure ’ .

Looking back on these years , he remembered lying in the sun , his face covered with a straw hat : ‘ Other boys were always talking of when they would be men ; he did not want at all to be a man , or to possess things , but to remain as he was , in the same spot , and to know no more people than he already knew .
looking back on these years , he remembered lying in the sun , his face covered with a straw hat : ‘ other boys were always talking of when they would be men ; he did not want at all to be a man , or to [have] things , but to remain as he was , in the same spot , and to know no more people than he already knew .

The essence of his difficulty was that time and change imply that the same thing can have contradictory properties — it can be , say , hot and cold , depending on the time — and this conflicted with the rule that nothing can possess incompatible attributes .
the essence of his difficulty was that time and change imply that the same thing can have contradictory properties — it can be , say , hot and cold , depending on the time — and this conflicted with the rule that nothing can [have] incompatible attributes .

As late as the middle of the seventeenth century we find , for example , that even at the age of 30 Samuel Pepys ( 1633–1703 ) , already an important government official , did not possess a watch .
as late as the middle of the seventeenth century we find , for example , that even at the age of 30 samuel pepys ( 1633–1703 ) , already an important government official , did not [have] a watch .

He has less body area to protect , is less prone to habitually lunging forward , and may possess greater rapidity of foot movement for getting into position to play the hook , pull and cut shots safely .
he has less body area to protect , is less prone to habitually lunging forward , and may [have] greater rapidity of foot movement for getting into position to play the hook , pull and cut shots safely .

The villas also possess refrigerators which operate at a volume level slightly below that of a Hercules transport plane taking off with a full load .
the villas also [have] refrigerators which operate at a volume level slightly below that of a hercules transport plane taking off with a full load .

There are also many less ‘ aggressive ’ qualities which you may possess .
there are also many less ‘ aggressive ’ qualities which you may [have] .

If you do not feel you are a thrusting , dynamic sort of person you may possess different but equally desirable qualities which employers will want .
if you do not feel you are a thrusting , dynamic sort of person you may [have] different but equally desirable qualities which employers will want .

Time spent collecting concrete evidence that you possess these and similar skills and qualities which are often expressed in rather general terms will pay off handsomely when you are required to prove your worth in an interview .
time spent collecting concrete evidence that you [have] these and similar skills and qualities which are often expressed in rather general terms will pay off handsomely when you are required to prove your worth in an interview .

This is the heart of the notion of the inner city ; at the very moment that policy draws the boundaries of the inner city a place takes on the qualities of coherence that it does not possess , embodies all the contradictions that are part of the original concept .
this is the heart of the notion of the inner city ; at the very moment that policy draws the boundaries of the inner city a place takes on the qualities of coherence that it does not [have] , embodies all the contradictions that are part of the original concept .

It is important to remember that labour is heterogeneous in the sense that different workers possess different skills and abilities .
it is important to remember that labour is heterogeneous in the sense that different workers [have] different skills and abilities .

It should be pointed out that , because the employing firms are themselves not perfectly competitive but possess some monopoly power , the union 's actions will not necessarily result in losses for the firms involved ; however , it will of course reduce their profits and result in a redistribution of income from profit-earners to wage-earners .
it should be pointed out that , because the employing firms are themselves not perfectly competitive but [have] some monopoly power , the union 's actions will not necessarily result in losses for the firms involved ; however , it will of course reduce their profits and result in a redistribution of income from profit-earners to wage-earners .

In practice , firms do not normally possess accurate information about the demand curves for their product .
in practice , firms do not normally [have] accurate information about the demand curves for their product .

Never lose sight of the fact that God himself selected the collection of assets and attributes which you now possess .
never lose sight of the fact that god himself selected the collection of assets and attributes which you now [have] .

If time is running short and you have neglected to bring a cage trap along with you or if you do not possess one , there is another way .
if time is running short and you have neglected to bring a cage trap along with you or if you do not [have] one , there is another way .

You can enter from the main road running along Teesdale but there is no way through at the top of the dale , unless you travel on horseback , or on foot , if you possess the stamina and know how to use a compass .
you can enter from the main road running along teesdale but there is no way through at the top of the dale , unless you travel on horseback , or on foot , if you [have] the stamina and know how to use a compass .

And of course we did not possess a fire-extinguisher .
and of course we did not [have] a fire-extinguisher .

Many readers possess their own forms of transport and are prepared to travel reasonable distances within the authority when requiring material urgently .
many readers [have] their own forms of transport and are prepared to travel reasonable distances within the authority when requiring material urgently .

Animals possess thoughts , feelings and social systems which are analogous , if not identical , to those of humans .
animals [have] thoughts , feelings and social systems which are analogous , if not identical , to those of humans .

Animals ( and , to a lesser extent , plants and natural phenomena ) possess souls , spirits or essences which are effectively immortal and endowed with supernatural powers .
animals ( and , to a lesser extent , plants and natural phenomena ) [have] souls , spirits or essences which are effectively immortal and endowed with supernatural powers .

Platelets also possess a variety of lysosomal enzyme-storage organelles containing acid hydrolases including β-glucuronidase and β-galactosidase ( Holmsen , 1975 ) .
platelets also [have] a variety of lysosomal enzyme-storage organelles containing acid hydrolases including β-glucuronidase and β-galactosidase ( holmsen , 1975 ) .

Although platelets can not synthesize prostacyclin they do possess the enzyme 9-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase ( Wong et al , 1980 ) .
although platelets can not synthesize prostacyclin they do [have] the enzyme 9-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase ( wong et al , 1980 ) .

Geroch ( 1971 ) has presented a general technique for generating solutions of Einstein 's source-free equations from known solutions which possess a Killing vector .
geroch ( 1971 ) has presented a general technique for generating solutions of einstein 's source-free equations from known solutions which [have] a killing vector .

The rationale is interesting , and as so often with Justinian it has a moralistic flavour : ‘ because it is quite ridiculous and unreasonable that an object which someone does not absolutely possess among his property he should be able to transfer to others or charge as a hypothec or pledge or manumit and deceive the hopes of others .
the rationale is interesting , and as so often with justinian it has a moralistic flavour : ‘ because it is quite ridiculous and unreasonable that an object which someone does not absolutely [have] among his property he should be able to transfer to others or charge as a hypothec or pledge or manumit and deceive the hopes of others .

The disc records invented by Berliner were the first to possess this advantage , since they could be stamped out almost like printing .
the disc records invented by berliner were the first to [have] this advantage , since they could be stamped out almost like printing .

The irony is that having frittered our energies away in our endeavour to possess the object of our desire , having done all we can , even lied or deceived in order to obtain the object of our desire , we lose interest in that object because , whether consciously or not , we realize that we have not found lasting satisfaction or peace of mind .
the irony is that having frittered our energies away in our endeavour to [have] the object of our desire , having done all we can , even lied or deceived in order to obtain the object of our desire , we lose interest in that object because , whether consciously or not , we realize that we have not found lasting satisfaction or peace of mind .

Each object is said to possess , or be part of the Akasha , which to some is a universal ‘ ether ’ in which the world 's events are said to be recorded .
each object is said to [have] , or be part of the akasha , which to some is a universal ‘ ether ’ in which the world 's events are said to be recorded .

Not only does it tend to concentrate on psychic inner experience at the expense of the spiritual , but it inflates one 's pride in having some superhuman power that others do not possess , and it is only too easy to overstep the boundary between the neutral psychic and the evil occult .
not only does it tend to concentrate on psychic inner experience at the expense of the spiritual , but it inflates one 's pride in having some superhuman power that others do not [have] , and it is only too easy to overstep the boundary between the neutral psychic and the evil occult .

Our courses offer 6 hours of expert instructions in the basics of the sport at the end of which you will possess the fundamentals and should be competent in moderate winds .
our courses offer 6 hours of expert instructions in the basics of the sport at the end of which you will [have] the fundamentals and should be competent in moderate winds .

He or she may — and probably will — possess a more subtle view of ‘ professionalism ’ than the capacity to deliver examination results , but at the same time it is well known that many parents and politicians see those results as the crucial way by which schools account for their success or failure .
he or she may — and probably will — [have] a more subtle view of ‘ professionalism ’ than the capacity to deliver examination results , but at the same time it is well known that many parents and politicians see those results as the crucial way by which schools account for their success or failure .

Thomas Mayer and his son , Thomas Walton Mayer of Newcastle-under-Lyme , sent to every veterinary surgeon in the United Kingdom the draft of a memorial addressed to the governors of the London College , with the ultimate objective of gaining a Charter of Incorporation ‘ to protect us from illiterate and uneducated men , and to afford us the same privileges and exemptions which other professional bodies possess ’ .
thomas mayer and his son , thomas walton mayer of newcastle-under-lyme , sent to every veterinary surgeon in the united kingdom the draft of a memorial addressed to the governors of the london college , with the ultimate objective of gaining a charter of incorporation ‘ to protect us from illiterate and uneducated men , and to afford us the same privileges and exemptions which other professional bodies [have] ’ .

Unless you possess extraordinary powers of self-insight ( see Self-awareness on page 153 ) you are likely to delude yourself into thinking that since your intentions are good your behaviour is good also .
unless you [have] extraordinary powers of self-insight ( see self-awareness on page 153 ) you are likely to delude yourself into thinking that since your intentions are good your behaviour is good also .

First of all , local authorities possess only a very limited economic power and can only exercise what powers they have in very small geographical areas .
first of all , local authorities [have] only a very limited economic power and can only exercise what powers they have in very small geographical areas .

Symbolic processing is the manipulation by computers of information and knowledge represented as symbols , analogous to the way humans reason with the knowledge they possess .
symbolic processing is the manipulation by computers of information and knowledge represented as symbols , analogous to the way humans reason with the knowledge they [have] .

Therefore , one expert is hardly able to possess all the existing knowledge .
therefore , one expert is hardly able to [have] all the existing knowledge .

They would possess none of the inherent tactile and balancing powers of hers , or that creature outside .
they would [have] none of the inherent tactile and balancing powers of hers , or that creature outside .

The city would now , in addition , possess some water .
the city would now , in addition , [have] some water .

While bringing many qualities to his new post , Mr Snyder could not be said to possess great insight into the subject — in fact he did n't possess any sight at all ; the new chairman was registered as blind .
while bringing many qualities to his new post , mr snyder could not be said to [have] great insight into the subject — in fact he did n't [have] any sight at all ; the new chairman was registered as blind .

men believe that the penis is in some way a magical and versatile instrument that all men are proud to possess and all women should be desperate to acquire .
men believe that the penis is in some way a magical and versatile instrument that all men are proud to [have] and all women should be desperate to acquire .

He placed £10,000 which he did not possess on a 10 to 1 favourite , Bellevin , to win £1,000 .
he placed £10,000 which he did not [have] on a 10 to 1 favourite , bellevin , to win £1,000 .

This is the context of the Japanese claim to have 200 companies making robots and to possess 70 per cent of the machines at work anywhere .
this is the context of the japanese claim to have 200 companies making robots and to [have] 70 per cent of the machines at work anywhere .

Defense officials say they have not yet forbidden any publication , but insist that they possess the power to do so if they choose .
defense officials say they have not yet forbidden any publication , but insist that they [have] the power to do so if they choose .

The pair of mutual mirror images have the same relationship that our hands possess .
the pair of mutual mirror images have the same relationship that our hands [have] .

It is certainly true that helical structures known to assemble in this way almost invariably possess only one hand .
it is certainly true that helical structures known to assemble in this way almost invariably [have] only one hand .

We do not know why living things possess only one hand of amino acids .
we do not know why living things [have] only one hand of amino acids .

The central question is whether animals possess important characteristics that are not adaptive , and which therefore , by definition , would not have been shaped by natural and sexual selection .
the central question is whether animals [have] important characteristics that are not adaptive , and which therefore , by definition , would not have been shaped by natural and sexual selection .

But the Venus fly-trap and its relatives , the sundews ( all Droseracea ) do not possess pulvini so movement must be caused by some other mechanism .
but the venus fly-trap and its relatives , the sundews ( all droseracea ) do not [have] pulvini so movement must be caused by some other mechanism .

The defence relied heavily on the legal precedent of Goodchild in the House of Lords in 1978 , where Lord Diplock ruled that it was not illegal to possess naturally occurring substances even if they contained a controlled drug .
the defence relied heavily on the legal precedent of goodchild in the house of lords in 1978 , where lord diplock ruled that it was not illegal to [have] naturally occurring substances even if they contained a controlled drug .

Each has a Breda Bofors gun and an Aloutte 3 helicopter ; both possess the range for hit-and-run raids to the Falklands .
each has a breda bofors gun and an aloutte 3 helicopter ; both [have] the range for hit-and-run raids to the falklands .

These flowers possess spring-loaded anthers that give honey bees a rough blow when they enter .
these flowers [have] spring-loaded anthers that give honey bees a rough blow when they enter .

Only the large , ground-living cassowaries from the Australasian rain forests possess anything that could be called avian armour , and even there it is confined solely to the head region .
only the large , ground-living cassowaries from the australasian rain forests [have] anything that could be called avian armour , and even there it is confined solely to the head region .

In addition to their hard shell , tortoises and turtles sometimes possess special protective refinements .
in addition to their hard shell , tortoises and turtles sometimes [have] special protective refinements .

Because of this , certain species , such as this banded butterfly fish , possess an eye-stripe , a dark line that passes through the eye and hides its presence .
because of this , certain species , such as this banded butterfly fish , [have] an eye-stripe , a dark line that passes through the eye and hides its presence .

Nevertheless , taken on balance , if you possess unpleasant chemical properties , it pays to advertise .
nevertheless , taken on balance , if you [have] unpleasant chemical properties , it pays to advertise .

Many of the big vipers possess fangs that are about an inch long , but the gaboon 's huge teeth are nearly 2 inches in length , penetrating well into the deeper tissues where there is a rich supply of blood vessels to carry the poison away .
many of the big vipers [have] fangs that are about an inch long , but the gaboon 's huge teeth are nearly 2 inches in length , penetrating well into the deeper tissues where there is a rich supply of blood vessels to carry the poison away .

Of the three thousand living species only two possess venom .
of the three thousand living species only two [have] venom .

The stonefish is the most deadly of all fishes , but many others possess poisonous spines developed from fin-rays , and any prickly-looking fish should be treated with great respect .
the stonefish is the most deadly of all fishes , but many others [have] poisonous spines developed from fin-rays , and any prickly-looking fish should be treated with great respect .

Some species possess poison bags near the tips of the long , brittle spines .
some species [have] poison bags near the tips of the long , brittle spines .

For these reasons , some prey species possess display markings that confuse their heads and tails .
for these reasons , some prey species [have] display markings that confuse their heads and tails .

Some lizards and snakes possess a dull-coloured body combined with a brightly coloured tail .
some lizards and snakes [have] a dull-coloured body combined with a brightly coloured tail .

Venomous snakes spit and hiss when they are cornered , and no predator likes to risk the possibility that a lurking shape may possess poisonous fangs .
venomous snakes spit and hiss when they are cornered , and no predator likes to risk the possibility that a lurking shape may [have] poisonous fangs .

Some caterpillars possess the markings of small venomous snakes and , when approached too closely , will rear up on the branch and wave their fake snake-heads at the attacker .
some caterpillars [have] the markings of small venomous snakes and , when approached too closely , will rear up on the branch and wave their fake snake-heads at the attacker .

To be an effective ‘ owl ’ , a model should possess the following qualities : a big head , a short neck , a short tail , solid contours , brown or grey colouring , a patterned surface with spots or streaks , a beak and frontally directed eyes .
to be an effective ‘ owl ’ , a model should [have] the following qualities : a big head , a short neck , a short tail , solid contours , brown or grey colouring , a patterned surface with spots or streaks , a beak and frontally directed eyes .

Now the headmaster is insisting that every child should possess a pair of lace-up shoes .
now the headmaster is insisting that every child should [have] a pair of lace-up shoes .

To achieve any measure of integration requires a confidence and a breadth of understanding which teachers possess in varying degrees .
to achieve any measure of integration requires a confidence and a breadth of understanding which teachers [have] in varying degrees .

Sometimes they presuppose background knowledge which teachers do not possess ; very often they demand approaches and attitudes quite at variance with those held by an average teacher .
sometimes they presuppose background knowledge which teachers do not [have] ; very often they demand approaches and attitudes quite at variance with those held by an average teacher .

In theory , items can be devised to test the more sophisticated thought processes listed in Bloom 's Taxonomy such as knowledge of trends and sequences , or skills of analysis , but such item writing demands not only a high degree of skill , not often available , it also requires a considerable sophistication in language and comprehension skills which second language learners are unlikely to possess .
in theory , items can be devised to test the more sophisticated thought processes listed in bloom 's taxonomy such as knowledge of trends and sequences , or skills of analysis , but such item writing demands not only a high degree of skill , not often available , it also requires a considerable sophistication in language and comprehension skills which second language learners are unlikely to [have] .

They may also include specific commitments you have taken on , or skills which only you possess .
they may also include specific commitments you have taken on , or skills which only you [have] .

In short , they possess qualities that some myopic adults would argue were the unique contribution of ‘ Literature ’ .
in short , they [have] qualities that some myopic adults would argue were the unique contribution of ‘ literature ’ .

What character , what gifts should the staff possess ? Library literature is rich in descriptions of ‘ the ideal children 's librarian ’ — Janet Hill in her seminal Children are people ( 1973 , Ch. 1 ) has discussed a number of them .
what character , what gifts should the staff [have] ? library literature is rich in descriptions of ‘ the ideal children 's librarian ’ — janet hill in her seminal children are people ( 1973 , ch. 1 ) has discussed a number of them .

Acknowledging , then , the importance of positive attitudes in those who work with young readers , how can we ensure that all staff possess such attitudes ?
acknowledging , then , the importance of positive attitudes in those who work with young readers , how can we ensure that all staff [have] such attitudes ?

If our ‘ crises ’ apparently possess the character of capitalist crises ‘ turned inside out ’ , and if effective demand of our masses has overtaken our production , then is not the ‘ goods famine ’ perhaps a general law of our development ? Are we not perhaps condemned to periodical or non-periodical ‘ crises ’ on an inverted basis , on a different correlation between production and consumption ? Are these critical differences not an iron law of our development ?
if our ‘ crises ’ apparently [have] the character of capitalist crises ‘ turned inside out ’ , and if effective demand of our masses has overtaken our production , then is not the ‘ goods famine ’ perhaps a general law of our development ? are we not perhaps condemned to periodical or non-periodical ‘ crises ’ on an inverted basis , on a different correlation between production and consumption ? are these critical differences not an iron law of our development ?

Our dealers possess considerable knowledge of vehicles through their recorded service history , and this can help to overcome many of the potential pitfalls associated with the purchase of a used car .
our dealers [have] considerable knowledge of vehicles through their recorded service history , and this can help to overcome many of the potential pitfalls associated with the purchase of a used car .

Animals , birds , insects , plants and all lower species do not possess man 's akashic linkage in their inner equipment or structure .
animals , birds , insects , plants and all lower species do not [have] man 's akashic linkage in their inner equipment or structure .

Our quality of mind and emotion is more important than the clothes we wear or the knowledge we possess .
our quality of mind and emotion is more important than the clothes we wear or the knowledge we [have] .

Similarly , those insects possessing an ability to see things through infrared or heat emissions are in an interesting position , for while we humans perceive airborne molecular vibrations as sound , such a creature would have no need of ears , though many do possess excellent hearing , for it may be able to see some airborne vibrations as molecular agitations or patterns .
similarly , those insects possessing an ability to see things through infrared or heat emissions are in an interesting position , for while we humans perceive airborne molecular vibrations as sound , such a creature would have no need of ears , though many do [have] excellent hearing , for it may be able to see some airborne vibrations as molecular agitations or patterns .

But which is the ‘ real reality ’ ? What we perceive or what another species perceives ? Even among humans we all react differently to sensory , social , intellectual and other experiences . So which is ‘ real ’ , or do none of them possess any ultimate ‘ reality ’ ?
but which is the ‘ real reality ’ ? what we perceive or what another species perceives ? even among humans we all react differently to sensory , social , intellectual and other experiences . so which is ‘ real ’ , or do none of them [have] any ultimate ‘ reality ’ ?

He is born with that instinct , for no mother wasp ever taught him , nor does he possess the capacity to learn something so fundamental to his existence .
he is born with that instinct , for no mother wasp ever taught him , nor does he [have] the capacity to learn something so fundamental to his existence .

For if our physical reality is largely linked to the mental and sensory mechanisms we possess , then what was the nature of physical reality before life is supposed to have spontaneously emerged — like mice out of soiled linen , as some Victorians thought — from the primaeval muds of ancient oceans ?
for if our physical reality is largely linked to the mental and sensory mechanisms we [have] , then what was the nature of physical reality before life is supposed to have spontaneously emerged — like mice out of soiled linen , as some victorians thought — from the primaeval muds of ancient oceans ?

Some moths even possess a bat-confusion kit .
some moths even [have] a bat-confusion kit .

Those species of whale which feed deep beneath the waves , frequently possess weak sight , just as we humans possess pretty weak hearing and smelling , comparatively speaking .
those species of whale which feed deep beneath the waves , frequently [have] weak sight , just as we humans [have] pretty weak hearing and smelling , comparatively speaking .

But they possess no vocal chords as man and other mammals do .
but they [have] no vocal chords as man and other mammals do .

But not all species of dolphin possess such accurate sonar and , indeed , when the water is clear , even the Bottle-nosed dolphin will readily search for fish using only its eyes to guide it .
but not all species of dolphin [have] such accurate sonar and , indeed , when the water is clear , even the bottle-nosed dolphin will readily search for fish using only its eyes to guide it .

But what is it like to possess 360° vision with two , narrow and separate binocular fields ? To appreciate that , you would need to have a rabbit 's mind structure , as well as his eyes .
but what is it like to [have] 360° vision with two , narrow and separate binocular fields ? to appreciate that , you would need to have a rabbit 's mind structure , as well as his eyes .

They possess an impressive array of scent glands under nervous and endocrine control , the hormones involved being mostly steroids .
they [have] an impressive array of scent glands under nervous and endocrine control , the hormones involved being mostly steroids .

There is no point in being able to locate something , either visually or through smell or sonar ( whatever your métier ) , if you do not possess the motor organs and behavioural patterns to deal effectively with that something .
there is no point in being able to locate something , either visually or through smell or sonar ( whatever your métier ) , if you do not [have] the motor organs and behavioural patterns to deal effectively with that something .

That all living creatures possess a capacity to learn is apparent from the way they find their way around an environment .
that all living creatures [have] a capacity to learn is apparent from the way they find their way around an environment .

Creatures , therefore , are not disconnected from each other , though only fellow members of a species appear to possess the capacity for the fullest understanding of each other .
creatures , therefore , are not disconnected from each other , though only fellow members of a species appear to [have] the capacity for the fullest understanding of each other .

She is only encouraging them to use an instinctive faculty they already possess , to develop the already existent , mental and physical muscles .
she is only encouraging them to use an instinctive faculty they already [have] , to develop the already existent , mental and physical muscles .

But we do not understand the nuances of bird , animal , insect or other creatures , communication , because we do not possess their inward experience of mental meaning .
but we do not understand the nuances of bird , animal , insect or other creatures , communication , because we do not [have] their inward experience of mental meaning .

We may not possess the same mind structure , the same subtle energy anatomy and function , but enough similarities are present for some sort of meaning to be conveyed .
we may not [have] the same mind structure , the same subtle energy anatomy and function , but enough similarities are present for some sort of meaning to be conveyed .

These days , there is little doubt that creatures possess a mind structure .
these days , there is little doubt that creatures [have] a mind structure .

Even relative to their body size , cetaceans possess a large cerebral cortex .
even relative to their body size , cetaceans [have] a large cerebral cortex .

Their inward minds possess different energy configurations to ours .
their inward minds [have] different energy configurations to ours .

They even have a language , so most definitely they possess a mind structure .
they even have a language , so most definitely they [have] a mind structure .

There are several circles called ‘ Nine Maidens ’ or ‘ Nine Stones ’ , which actually possess considerably more than nine stones .
there are several circles called ‘ nine maidens ’ or ‘ nine stones ’ , which actually [have] considerably more than nine stones .

If the Earth is indeed a living being , it was argued , then It may possess a subtle body corresponding to the human aura , with chakras and flows of energy as well .
if the earth is indeed a living being , it was argued , then it may [have] a subtle body corresponding to the human aura , with chakras and flows of energy as well .

So often Collard and his colleagues achieve the elusive blend of intensity and elegance which all really great performances of Fauré 's music possess .
so often collard and his colleagues achieve the elusive blend of intensity and elegance which all really great performances of fauré 's music [have] .

The ultimate distinction for any performance of this work must be to topple over and drown in its own pretentiousness and Segerstam 's direction does n't possess quite the urgency or the dazzle to achieve that .
the ultimate distinction for any performance of this work must be to topple over and drown in its own pretentiousness and segerstam 's direction does n't [have] quite the urgency or the dazzle to achieve that .

But , however many skills we possess , not all are of the same value to us .
but , however many skills we [have] , not all are of the same value to us .

Examples are an urge to acquire or possess , to take command , to build , to improve , to be best , to win a response from other people , to attract attention , to pass tests , to surmount difficulties , to master or perfect , to pioneer , to serve or help , to shape or influence .
examples are an urge to acquire or [have] , to take command , to build , to improve , to be best , to win a response from other people , to attract attention , to pass tests , to surmount difficulties , to master or perfect , to pioneer , to serve or help , to shape or influence .

Though her style is commanding , decisive and responsible , she does not possess driving ambition and is a little surprised to have got so far .
though her style is commanding , decisive and responsible , she does not [have] driving ambition and is a little surprised to have got so far .

This requires much more sensitivity than we possess , and laboratory tests have confirmed that domestic cats do , indeed , possess a very fine tuning ability .
this requires much more sensitivity than we [have] , and laboratory tests have confirmed that domestic cats do , indeed , [have] a very fine tuning ability .

Day after day , the finely-tuned responses that all felines possess — to make a sudden rush towards an unsuspecting mouse , or to make a headlong flight from approaching danger — are thwarted by the peace and luxurious calm of the home in which they live .
day after day , the finely-tuned responses that all felines [have] — to make a sudden rush towards an unsuspecting mouse , or to make a headlong flight from approaching danger — are thwarted by the peace and luxurious calm of the home in which they live .

Applicants for bursaries will be required to possess a first degree or equivalent qualification .
applicants for bursaries will be required to [have] a first degree or equivalent qualification .

Applicants must possess :
applicants must [have] :

Applicants must possess :
applicants must [have] :

Applicants must possess :
applicants must [have] :

Applicants must normally be at least 18 years of age and should possess :
applicants must normally be at least 18 years of age and should [have] :

In general , graduates of the course possess a valuable flexibility of mind acquired through interdisciplinary study which , combined with the analytical skill of humanities graduates , makes them ideally suited for careers in a wide variety of public and private sector employment .
in general , graduates of the course [have] a valuable flexibility of mind acquired through interdisciplinary study which , combined with the analytical skill of humanities graduates , makes them ideally suited for careers in a wide variety of public and private sector employment .

Filmstrips possess many of the advantages of the tape-slide presentations , but they have a number of disadvantages , one being that the pre-set sequence compels the pictures to be shown in a given order .
filmstrips [have] many of the advantages of the tape-slide presentations , but they have a number of disadvantages , one being that the pre-set sequence compels the pictures to be shown in a given order .

Films possess the ability to convey both motion and colour .
films [have] the ability to convey both motion and colour .

They possess one considerable advantage over film material .
they [have] one considerable advantage over film material .

Burglary , for example , is an untypical female crime , as it requires the criminal to be out alone on the streets at night , and to possess ‘ masculine ’ skills such as the ability to force an entry .
burglary , for example , is an untypical female crime , as it requires the criminal to be out alone on the streets at night , and to [have] ‘ masculine ’ skills such as the ability to force an entry .

It is the poverty of their own life which makes the poor content to inhabit ‘ unthinkable ’ houses … which makes so many careless of cleanliness , listless about the unhealthy condition of their workshops , and heedless of anything beyond the enjoyment of a moment 's excitement … Such poverty of life can best be removed by contact with those who possess the means of higher life .
it is the poverty of their own life which makes the poor content to inhabit ‘ unthinkable ’ houses … which makes so many careless of cleanliness , listless about the unhealthy condition of their workshops , and heedless of anything beyond the enjoyment of a moment 's excitement … such poverty of life can best be removed by contact with those who [have] the means of higher life .

On the contrary , one of its chief characteristics is to sieve out the workers into grades according to the degree in which they possess the required kinds of ability and alertness .
on the contrary , one of its chief characteristics is to sieve out the workers into grades according to the degree in which they [have] the required kinds of ability and alertness .

It had become ‘ painfully evident ’ that the majority of people did not possess the merits of ‘ Capable Citizens … In no European country is the average citizen what the citizen in a democracy ought to be .
it had become ‘ painfully evident ’ that the majority of people did not [have] the merits of ‘ capable citizens … in no european country is the average citizen what the citizen in a democracy ought to be .

Explain the main qualities ( or characteristics ) that money should possess .
explain the main qualities ( or characteristics ) that money should [have] .

The Coolin Mountains have a mighty power in drawing forth emotions of admiration and awe , and the appreciation of John MacWhirter 's pictures of ‘ Coiruisk ’ in all its stern sublimity , by all classes of people , discovers a much more general appreciation of the grander aspects of nature than we would credit the ordinary picture-loving public to possess .
the coolin mountains have a mighty power in drawing forth emotions of admiration and awe , and the appreciation of john macwhirter 's pictures of ‘ coiruisk ’ in all its stern sublimity , by all classes of people , discovers a much more general appreciation of the grander aspects of nature than we would credit the ordinary picture-loving public to [have] .

They do not possess the seductive allure of other parts of the female anatomy .
they do not [have] the seductive allure of other parts of the female anatomy .

The tokens were not of bondage , no one was trying to trap me , to possess me , to take me over .
the tokens were not of bondage , no one was trying to trap me , to [have] me , to take me over .

Some of their repertoire is a sheer delight : they have heart-winning ways — smiles , gurgles and a way of looking at one … In the technical language of psychologists , they possess a formidable range of ‘ positive reinforcers ’ to direct at their parents and others .
some of their repertoire is a sheer delight : they have heart-winning ways — smiles , gurgles and a way of looking at one … in the technical language of psychologists , they [have] a formidable range of ‘ positive reinforcers ’ to direct at their parents and others .

Death he did not fear , pride he did not possess ; he had no position or property , living as he did in a tub .
death he did not fear , pride he did not [have] ; he had no position or property , living as he did in a tub .

‘ It is as if he touched his harp within a vase of liquid melody , and when he lifted it out , the notes fell like bubbles from the trembling strings … It is the foretaste of such strains as never fell on mortal cars , to hear which we should rush to our doors and contribute all that we possess and are . ’
‘ it is as if he touched his harp within a vase of liquid melody , and when he lifted it out , the notes fell like bubbles from the trembling strings … it is the foretaste of such strains as never fell on mortal cars , to hear which we should rush to our doors and contribute all that we [have] and are . ’

We shall become poor men , nomads who possess nothing , just wandering minds who spend only as much time as is needed on our physical affairs and then depart free men .
we shall become poor men , nomads who [have] nothing , just wandering minds who spend only as much time as is needed on our physical affairs and then depart free men .

Yet great as his gifts were to us , they would surely have been even greater if he had had the knowledge we now possess and especially the translations of the poets and mystics of the orient .
yet great as his gifts were to us , they would surely have been even greater if he had had the knowledge we now [have] and especially the translations of the poets and mystics of the orient .

In joy and the quest for beauty and the ecstasy that accompanies them , we possess a template .
in joy and the quest for beauty and the ecstasy that accompanies them , we [have] a template .

It gives additional information which can be used as experience grows and by those who already possess some knowledge of Homoeopathy .
it gives additional information which can be used as experience grows and by those who already [have] some knowledge of homoeopathy .

The claim of equality prepares the reader for the more important thesis that all men , as equals , possess certain inalienable rights , “ that among these are life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness. ” The purpose of government is to secure these rights .
the claim of equality prepares the reader for the more important thesis that all men , as equals , [have] certain inalienable rights , “ that among these are life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness. ” the purpose of government is to secure these rights .

They are equal among themselves precisely in that they possess inalienable rights—the same inalienable rights to “ life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness ” possessed by everyone else .
they are equal among themselves precisely in that they [have] inalienable rights—the same inalienable rights to “ life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness ” possessed by everyone else .

In short , among the radical implications of molecular diversity is that we already possess hundreds of millions of diVerent molecular functions = binding , catalytic , structural , and otherwise .
in short , among the radical implications of molecular diversity is that we already [have] hundreds of millions of diverent molecular functions = binding , catalytic , structural , and otherwise .

The catalytic sites of enzymes possess high stereospecificity that is , shape specificity for the transition state of the substrate ( s ) of the reaction .
the catalytic sites of enzymes [have] high stereospecificity that is , shape specificity for the transition state of the substrate ( s ) of the reaction .

Barcelona and Granada possess greater architecture , and many Spanish cities have finer natural attributes .
barcelona and granada [have] greater architecture , and many spanish cities have finer natural attributes .

The attitude expressed by Emperor Qianlong at Britian ’ s first attempt to open trade with China in 1793 continued to prevail : “ We possess all things , ” said the emperor , “ I set no value on objects strange or ingenious , and have no use for your country ’ s manufactures. ” Moreover , China would accept nothing but silver bullion in exchange for its goods , so Britian had to look for a more abundant commodity to square its accounts .
the attitude expressed by emperor qianlong at britian ’ s first attempt to open trade with china in 1793 continued to prevail : “ we [have] all things , ” said the emperor , “ i set no value on objects strange or ingenious , and have no use for your country ’ s manufactures. ” moreover , china would accept nothing but silver bullion in exchange for its goods , so britian had to look for a more abundant commodity to square its accounts .

The historic regions north of Lisbon — Estremadura , between the Tagus river and the Atlantic coast , and Ribatejo , extending into the agricultural central plains — possess some of Portugal ’ s most important monuments and most interesting and attractive towns .
the historic regions north of lisbon — estremadura , between the tagus river and the atlantic coast , and ribatejo , extending into the agricultural central plains — [have] some of portugal ’ s most important monuments and most interesting and attractive towns .

What is undeniable , however , is the magical presence that these seven volcanic sisters possess .
what is undeniable , however , is the magical presence that these seven volcanic sisters [have] .

Though the museum doesn ’ t possess any of the master ’ s finest works , it does have two good examples of his “ Blue Period ” ( 1903 ) , as well as The Harlequin ( 1917 ) , and the idiosyncratic Las Meninas series , which provides a fascinating view of Picasso ’ s innovative and deconstructivist approach to his subject .
though the museum doesn ’ t [have] any of the master ’ s finest works , it does have two good examples of his “ blue period ” ( 1903 ) , as well as the harlequin ( 1917 ) , and the idiosyncratic las meninas series , which provides a fascinating view of picasso ’ s innovative and deconstructivist approach to his subject .

Members of the central group possess a variety of technical skills and have specific information security responsibilities , such as developing policy , maintaining the firewall that protects the organization 's network from unauthorized intrusions , or supporting security staff assigned to individual business units .
members of the central group [have] a variety of technical skills and have specific information security responsibilities , such as developing policy , maintaining the firewall that protects the organization 's network from unauthorized intrusions , or supporting security staff assigned to individual business units .

HERITAGE ASSETS ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION Heritage assets are PP & E that possess one or more of the following characteristics : historical or natural significance ; cultural , educational or aesthetic value ; or significant architectural characteristics .
heritage assets annual stewardship information heritage assets are pp & e that [have] one or more of the following characteristics : historical or natural significance ; cultural , educational or aesthetic value ; or significant architectural characteristics .

FEDERAL MISSION PROPERTY , PLANT , AND EQUIPMENT ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION Federal mission property , plant , and equipment ( PP & E ) comprise certain PP & E that possess at least one of each of the two types of the following characteristics relating to the use of the property and its useful life .
federal mission property , plant , and equipment annual stewardship information federal mission property , plant , and equipment ( pp & e ) comprise certain pp & e that [have] at least one of each of the two types of the following characteristics relating to the use of the property and its useful life .

However , for a board to effectively perform its responsibilities , it must have the `` right people '' who possess an `` independent spirit '' and are `` knowledgeable '' of the company/industry and the company 's constituencies .
however , for a board to effectively perform its responsibilities , it must have the `` right people '' who [have] an `` independent spirit '' and are `` knowledgeable '' of the company/industry and the company 's constituencies .

In that respect , it was noted that board members should possess an `` independent spirit '' to ask the tough and probing questions of management .
in that respect , it was noted that board members should [have] an `` independent spirit '' to ask the tough and probing questions of management .

Nominating committees need to identify competent individuals who possess an `` independent spirit '' which allows board members to raise difficult questions and probe issues related 2One source of information on best practices of leading companies is the 1999 Report and Recommendations of the Blue Ribbon Committee on Improving the Effectiveness of Corporate Audit Committees .
nominating committees need to identify competent individuals who [have] an `` independent spirit '' which allows board members to raise difficult questions and probe issues related 2one source of information on best practices of leading companies is the 1999 report and recommendations of the blue ribbon committee on improving the effectiveness of corporate audit committees .

PCIE standards place upon GAO and its investigators the responsibility to ensure that ( 1 ) investigations are conducted by personnel who collectively possess the required knowledge , skills , and abilities to perform the investigations , ( 2 ) judgments made in collecting and analyzing evidence and communicating results are impartial , and ( 3 ) due professional care ( e.g. , thoroughness , appropriate use of investigative techniques , impartiality , objectivity , protection of individual rights , and timeliness ) is exercised .
pcie standards place upon gao and its investigators the responsibility to ensure that ( 1 ) investigations are conducted by personnel who collectively [have] the required knowledge , skills , and abilities to perform the investigations , ( 2 ) judgments made in collecting and analyzing evidence and communicating results are impartial , and ( 3 ) due professional care ( e.g. , thoroughness , appropriate use of investigative techniques , impartiality , objectivity , protection of individual rights , and timeliness ) is exercised .

Require that auditors collectively possess the technical knowledge , skills , and experience necessary to be competent for the type of work being performed before beginning work on the assignment ( par .
require that auditors collectively [have] the technical knowledge , skills , and experience necessary to be competent for the type of work being performed before beginning work on the assignment ( par .

COMPETENCE 3.9 The third general standard is : The staff assigned to perform the assignment should collectively possess adequate professional competence for the tasks required .
competence 3.9 the third general standard is : the staff assigned to perform the assignment should collectively [have] adequate professional competence for the tasks required .

Technical Knowledge and Competence 3.12 Staff members conducting audits and attestation engagements under GAGAS should collectively possess the technical knowledge , skills , and experience necessary to be competent for the type of work being performed before beginning work on an assignment .
technical knowledge and competence 3.12 staff members conducting audits and attestation engagements under gagas should collectively [have] the technical knowledge , skills , and experience necessary to be competent for the type of work being performed before beginning work on an assignment .

Members of the central group possess a variety of technical skills and have specific information security responsibilities , such as developing policy , maintaining the firewall that protects the organization 's network from unauthorized intrusions , or supporting security staff assigned to individual business units .
members of the central group [have] a variety of technical skills and have specific information security responsibilities , such as developing policy , maintaining the firewall that protects the organization 's network from unauthorized intrusions , or supporting security staff assigned to individual business units .

Figure 12 shows the countries that possess weapons of mass destruction posing national security concerns to the United States .
figure 12 shows the countries that [have] weapons of mass destruction posing national security concerns to the united states .

All personnel need to possess and maintain a level of competence that allows them to accomplish their assigned duties , as well as understand the importance of developing and implementing good internal control .
all personnel need to [have] and maintain a level of competence that allows them to accomplish their assigned duties , as well as understand the importance of developing and implementing good internal control .

In accordance with these standards , all OSI work is conducted by personnel who collectively possess the required knowledge , skills , and abilities to perform it and who exercise due professional care ( e.g. , thoroughness , appropriate use of investigative techniques , impartiality , objectivity , protection of individual rights , and timeliness ) in the performance of their work .
in accordance with these standards , all osi work is conducted by personnel who collectively [have] the required knowledge , skills , and abilities to perform it and who exercise due professional care ( e.g. , thoroughness , appropriate use of investigative techniques , impartiality , objectivity , protection of individual rights , and timeliness ) in the performance of their work .

The INA also provides for the discretionary readmission of lawful permanent residents who do not possess valid documents .
the ina also provides for the discretionary readmission of lawful permanent residents who do not [have] valid documents .

For example , immediately after 9/11 , Osama Awadallah , a Yemeni whose telephone number was found in Hazmi 's Toyota at Washington Dulles International Airport , was found to possess photos , videos , and articles relating to Bin Ladin .
for example , immediately after 9/11 , osama awadallah , a yemeni whose telephone number was found in hazmi 's toyota at washington dulles international airport , was found to [have] photos , videos , and articles relating to bin ladin .

An FAA civil aviation security official believed the plan was improbable because Libyan planes were required to operate within airspace limitations and the Libyans did not possess aircraft with the necessary range to make good on the threat .
an faa civil aviation security official believed the plan was improbable because libyan planes were required to operate within airspace limitations and the libyans did not [have] aircraft with the necessary range to make good on the threat .

One of the callers from United 93 also reported that he thought the hijackers might possess a gun .
one of the callers from united 93 also reported that he thought the hijackers might [have] a gun .

They must advance an argument about why human nature , which has presumably evolved in response to an enormous array of random forces , tells us anything about what is good or desirable in terms of the traits humans should possess .
they must advance an argument about why human nature , which has presumably evolved in response to an enormous array of random forces , tells us anything about what is good or desirable in terms of the traits humans should [have] .

One can concede that we are shaped by a causally powerful set of genetic influences and still remain skeptical as to whether these produce a single “ nature ” that all members of humanity possess .
one can concede that we are shaped by a causally powerful set of genetic influences and still remain skeptical as to whether these produce a single “ nature ” that all members of humanity [have] .

This work has also rigorously and reproducibly established the great plasticity of these cells and supports the opinion that human embryonic stem cells possess the greatest broadest potential and promise for clinical applications .
this work has also rigorously and reproducibly established the great plasticity of these cells and supports the opinion that human embryonic stem cells [have] the greatest broadest potential and promise for clinical applications .

Other bacteria that colonize specialized niches for long periods and lack co-colonizing strains also possess high levels of repetitive chromosomal sequences .
other bacteria that colonize specialized niches for long periods and lack co-colonizing strains also [have] high levels of repetitive chromosomal sequences .

The same insects that transmit these devastating human parasites often possess a diversity of mutualistic and parasitic bacterial endosymbionts .
the same insects that transmit these devastating human parasites often [have] a diversity of mutualistic and parasitic bacterial endosymbionts .

Consequently , PSM graduates , unlike many doctoral graduates , are trained to possess a wide array of interactive skills , including sizing up an audience for their ability to comprehend the presented material and adapting appropriately .
consequently , psm graduates , unlike many doctoral graduates , are trained to [have] a wide array of interactive skills , including sizing up an audience for their ability to comprehend the presented material and adapting appropriately .

This would possess what I claim are the key necessary features : a big life extension , in something furry and not congenitally sick , from treatment begun in middle age .
this would [have] what i claim are the key necessary features : a big life extension , in something furry and not congenitally sick , from treatment begun in middle age .

Lentiviruses like HIV possess a gene that encodes an protein called Vif ( ‘ viral infectivity factor ’ ) that counters APOBEC3G ( Sheehy et al .
lentiviruses like hiv [have] a gene that encodes an protein called vif ( ‘ viral infectivity factor ’ ) that counters apobec3g ( sheehy et al .

Both DNA and protein molecules possess a number of intrinsic characteristics that make them excellent candidates for the assembly of dynamic nanostructures and nanodevices .
both dna and protein molecules [have] a number of intrinsic characteristics that make them excellent candidates for the assembly of dynamic nanostructures and nanodevices .

Regardless of when you studied in Greencastle , the fact is that the only way we can keep up with changes of today 's world is to possess the energy and the ability to continue learning .
regardless of when you studied in greencastle , the fact is that the only way we can keep up with changes of today 's world is to [have] the energy and the ability to continue learning .

We continue to stay active in Eastern Europe , in the rebuilding of life in Liberia , and with our Sioux Indian YMCA , sharing the strengths that each of us possess , so as to strengthen both of us in the process .
we continue to stay active in eastern europe , in the rebuilding of life in liberia , and with our sioux indian ymca , sharing the strengths that each of us [have] , so as to strengthen both of us in the process .

We consistently , for example , attract top students ; the 1990 entering class had the highest Law School Admission Test scores in our history and more than 10 % of our new students possess graduate degrees in addition to their undergraduate diplomas .
we consistently , for example , attract top students ; the 1990 entering class had the highest law school admission test scores in our history and more than 10 % of our new students [have] graduate degrees in addition to their undergraduate diplomas .

The real cure for anti-Communist hysteria was a courage that Kazan , like most people , did not possess .
the real cure for anti-communist hysteria was a courage that kazan , like most people , did not [have] .

There are only `` a few of us who possess a stout enough psychological profile to allow ourselves or even imagine ourselves purchasing a big cushy wonder boy or girl reclining chair . ''
there are only `` a few of us who [have] a stout enough psychological profile to allow ourselves or even imagine ourselves purchasing a big cushy wonder boy or girl reclining chair . ''

Since when is a lawyer expected to actually possess the views he espouses on behalf of his clients ?
since when is a lawyer expected to actually [have] the views he espouses on behalf of his clients ?

New York urologist Edward Moses employs the same overheated rhetoric on his Web site : `` For many men , life without sex can be likened to a watercolor painting that should possess all of the vibrant colors of life , but which has been reduced to sterile black and white . ''
new york urologist edward moses employs the same overheated rhetoric on his web site : `` for many men , life without sex can be likened to a watercolor painting that should [have] all of the vibrant colors of life , but which has been reduced to sterile black and white . ''

It 's something else , which we happen to possess in greater measure than the upstart group .
it 's something else , which we happen to [have] in greater measure than the upstart group .

Tuesday night , Drudge writes that federal investigators possess taped phone conversations that substantiate the rumors of a presidential affair .
tuesday night , drudge writes that federal investigators [have] taped phone conversations that substantiate the rumors of a presidential affair .

You could start with our admiration for a quality not many of us possess : physical courage .
you could start with our admiration for a quality not many of us [have] : physical courage .

Ball marvels that he may possess thousands of black `` blood kin '' who are descended from his ancestors ' captives .
ball marvels that he may [have] thousands of black `` blood kin '' who are descended from his ancestors ' captives .

That 's why , as a campaign manager , I advise my candidates to be sexually unthreatening , have very little body hair , and possess voices that can effortlessly lift an inoffensive pop tune well into the soprano register .
that 's why , as a campaign manager , i advise my candidates to be sexually unthreatening , have very little body hair , and [have] voices that can effortlessly lift an inoffensive pop tune well into the soprano register .

The brothers possess an old-fashioned , very personal notion of product .
the brothers [have] an old-fashioned , very personal notion of product .

More important , it would know what each kind of disaster called for , and would either possess or have immediate access to the basic required equipment .
more important , it would know what each kind of disaster called for , and would either [have] or have immediate access to the basic required equipment .

In South Africa , the Cape Times warned that `` millions of South Africans could find themselves effectively disenfranchised barely five years after the country became a democracy '' if the government continues insisting that all citizens possess a new identity document if they are to register as voters in next year 's general election .
in south africa , the cape times warned that `` millions of south africans could find themselves effectively disenfranchised barely five years after the country became a democracy '' if the government continues insisting that all citizens [have] a new identity document if they are to register as voters in next year 's general election .

McPhee lays out a picture of young men who happened to go to Princeton and to possess gifts ( a good eye , discipline ) not unlike his own .
mcphee lays out a picture of young men who happened to go to princeton and to [have] gifts ( a good eye , discipline ) not unlike his own .

To her way of thinking no nonessential spending , no desire to possess things , can ever be innocent or morally neutral .
to her way of thinking no nonessential spending , no desire to [have] things , can ever be innocent or morally neutral .

The Mavericks , in Music for All Occasions ( MCA ) , clearly possess enough knowledge of country 's history to feel ambivalent toward it ; but it 's such a high-functioning bar band that it ca n't be alternative .
the mavericks , in music for all occasions ( mca ) , clearly [have] enough knowledge of country 's history to feel ambivalent toward it ; but it 's such a high-functioning bar band that it ca n't be alternative .

Increasing returns to consumption are probably less common , but can result among other things from `` network externalities '' -- a bit of useful jargon for what happens when the usefulness of a product depends on how many other people possess something similar .
increasing returns to consumption are probably less common , but can result among other things from `` network externalities '' -- a bit of useful jargon for what happens when the usefulness of a product depends on how many other people [have] something similar .

These figures possess a magical , carnivalesque aura ( despite their unfortunate resemblance , when seen today , to white-robed Klansmen ) .
these figures [have] a magical , carnivalesque aura ( despite their unfortunate resemblance , when seen today , to white-robed klansmen ) .

He now acknowledges that power has shifted to the global market and its private players , who , like George Soros , possess the power to overturn government currency decisions .
he now acknowledges that power has shifted to the global market and its private players , who , like george soros , [have] the power to overturn government currency decisions .

The reader might be forgiven for wondering if he or she might not possess a touch of autism or Tourette 's .
the reader might be forgiven for wondering if he or she might not [have] a touch of autism or tourette 's .

They are singular and powerful works ; gathered together , they possess a clobbering force .
they are singular and powerful works ; gathered together , they [have] a clobbering force .

They are anything but morbid , though ; they possess a vivid , throbbing life .
they are anything but morbid , though ; they [have] a vivid , throbbing life .

All possess alike liberty of conscience and immunities of citizenship .
all [have] alike liberty of conscience and immunities of citizenship .

Those few who 've not yet plummeted to a fiery death possess so vivid a sense of their own mortality , that they 'd instantly cancel Larry King .
those few who 've not yet plummeted to a fiery death [have] so vivid a sense of their own mortality , that they 'd instantly cancel larry king .

Equally unfortunately , I find the people expressing interest in me do not possess the qualities I seek in a partner .
equally unfortunately , i find the people expressing interest in me do not [have] the qualities i seek in a partner .

While Podhoretz may be correct in his opinion of Al Sharpton , his comments regarding Sharpton and Jesse Jackson possess a thinly disguised undertone of racism : As he castigates `` white liberals '' for assuming that `` Negroes '' could do no wrong , his discussion of Sharpton 's actions seem to say , `` What can you expect ?
while podhoretz may be correct in his opinion of al sharpton , his comments regarding sharpton and jesse jackson [have] a thinly disguised undertone of racism : as he castigates `` white liberals '' for assuming that `` negroes '' could do no wrong , his discussion of sharpton 's actions seem to say , `` what can you expect ?

My problem is this : I am extremely bright and possess an advanced degree in philosophy .
my problem is this : i am extremely bright and [have] an advanced degree in philosophy .

Facing little competition , these magnates possess fantastic wealth -- mainly from monopolies on natural resources -- and own major media outlets .
facing little competition , these magnates [have] fantastic wealth -- mainly from monopolies on natural resources -- and own major media outlets .

Family farmers often possess highly valued land , but little cash .
family farmers often [have] highly valued land , but little cash .

One hundred and sixty countries have agreed to the CWC , but this includes only 15 of the 20 believed to possess chemical weapons .
one hundred and sixty countries have agreed to the cwc , but this includes only 15 of the 20 believed to [have] chemical weapons .

Among the reasons why an expression such as making all the right noises achieves wide usage quickly is this simple one : The phenomenon of empty talk is so prevalent that new ways of describing it -- especially ones that possess a modest elegance and formality -- are always welcome .
among the reasons why an expression such as making all the right noises achieves wide usage quickly is this simple one : the phenomenon of empty talk is so prevalent that new ways of describing it -- especially ones that [have] a modest elegance and formality -- are always welcome .

Most of the world 's remaining monarchs possess a number of colorful inherited titles ( `` Defender of the Faith '' in Great Britain , `` Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques '' in Saudi Arabia ) , but these are functional designations and little more than quaint vestigial appendages , like a whale 's arms .
most of the world 's remaining monarchs [have] a number of colorful inherited titles ( `` defender of the faith '' in great britain , `` custodian of the two holy mosques '' in saudi arabia ) , but these are functional designations and little more than quaint vestigial appendages , like a whale 's arms .

In fact , Americans seem to possess a tolerance and perhaps even a relish for gobbledygook .
in fact , americans seem to [have] a tolerance and perhaps even a relish for gobbledygook .

Even Doris Kearns Goodwin , whose own 1994 book on the Roosevelts was critical of Cook for getting carried away , acknowledged that the letters between Hick and Eleanor `` possess an emotional intensity and a sensual explicitness that is hard to disregard . ''
even doris kearns goodwin , whose own 1994 book on the roosevelts was critical of cook for getting carried away , acknowledged that the letters between hick and eleanor `` [have] an emotional intensity and a sensual explicitness that is hard to disregard . ''

This allows the feds to seize any U.S. assets he may possess and hopefully weakens his attempts at financing terrorist activities .
this allows the feds to seize any u.s. assets he may [have] and hopefully weakens his attempts at financing terrorist activities .

The Brits tend to use have got as meaning to have acquired or to possess or even to own , whereas in American usage that is considered somewhat informal in speech and not generally used in writing .
the brits tend to use have got as meaning to have acquired or to [have] or even to own , whereas in american usage that is considered somewhat informal in speech and not generally used in writing .

Britain and North America are not only literate , but “ dictionarate. ” In Britain , the dictionary 's “ success is shown by the fact that more than 90 percent of households possess at least one , making the dictionary far more popular than cookery books ( about 70 percent ) and indeed significantly more widespread than the Bible ( which was to be found in 80 percent of households in England in 1983 , according to the Bible Society ” ) .
britain and north america are not only literate , but “ dictionarate. ” in britain , the dictionary 's “ success is shown by the fact that more than 90 percent of households [have] at least one , making the dictionary far more popular than cookery books ( about 70 percent ) and indeed significantly more widespread than the bible ( which was to be found in 80 percent of households in england in 1983 , according to the bible society ” ) .

They possess neither a Vatican nor a Vicar-General to report to , and , although the guild can at times be arcane ( with Latin charters and capping ceremonies ) , by and large its doings are overt and benign .
they [have] neither a vatican nor a vicar-general to report to , and , although the guild can at times be arcane ( with latin charters and capping ceremonies ) , by and large its doings are overt and benign .

That is not to say that technique is not involved , merely to observe that some dictionaries are better than others because their editors are more literate , imaginative , poetic , and generally possess those attributes with which we associate art rather than technique or mundane craftsmanship .
that is not to say that technique is not involved , merely to observe that some dictionaries are better than others because their editors are more literate , imaginative , poetic , and generally [have] those attributes with which we associate art rather than technique or mundane craftsmanship .

There are some who , believe it or not , do not possess even minimal control over this linguistic dross : within the past few weeks I heard one TV newscaster say “ wheres and whyfors ” and another refer to “ a Herculanean task ” ( presumably the labor involved in giving birth to a volcano ) .
there are some who , believe it or not , do not [have] even minimal control over this linguistic dross : within the past few weeks i heard one tv newscaster say “ wheres and whyfors ” and another refer to “ a herculanean task ” ( presumably the labor involved in giving birth to a volcano ) .

The former possess Sprachgefühl ` a sensitivity for language ; language sense ' ; from among the latter I exclude pathological cases .
the former [have] sprachgefühl ` a sensitivity for language ; language sense ' ; from among the latter i exclude pathological cases .

Though , the FW had to possess a talent for fitting in , so as to make such an impression of integrity and worth on local officials that they arranged an introduction at once to the ideal INF .
though , the fw had to [have] a talent for fitting in , so as to make such an impression of integrity and worth on local officials that they arranged an introduction at once to the ideal inf .

Pussy , hussy , and possess , Desert , but dessert , address .
pussy , hussy , and [have] , desert , but dessert , address .

They do seem to possess artificial intelligence ; some of them create virtual reality ; and they are so efficient that they make us wonder about why we would want to do anything in real time any more .
they do seem to [have] artificial intelligence ; some of them create virtual reality ; and they are so efficient that they make us wonder about why we would want to do anything in real time any more .

