Because he interprets the primitive state of man as one of mere potentiality or capacity and believes that Adam and Eve were created as children , Irenaeus often seems inclined to extenuate their disobedience as being `` due , no doubt , to carelessness , but still wicked '' .
because he interprets the primitive state of man as one of mere [potential] or capacity and believes that adam and eve were created as children , irenaeus often seems inclined to extenuate their disobedience as being `` due , no doubt , to carelessness , but still wicked '' .

This machinery will not become the instrument of an Atlantic community by fiat , but only when that community evolves from potentiality to reality .
this machinery will not become the instrument of an atlantic community by fiat , but only when that community evolves from [potential] to reality .

But as the popular response suggests , the potentiality of the Peace Corps is very great .
but as the popular response suggests , the [potential] of the peace corps is very great .

In the years just before 1914 , David Bomberg was exploring , in semi-cubist , Vorticist works , the potentiality of geometric forms in the new mechanical age .
in the years just before 1914 , david bomberg was exploring , in semi-cubist , vorticist works , the [potential] of geometric forms in the new mechanical age .

In the years just before 1914 , David Bomberg was exploring , in semi-cubist , Vorticist works , the potentiality of geometric forms in the new mechanical age .
in the years just before 1914 , david bomberg was exploring , in semi-cubist , vorticist works , the [potential] of geometric forms in the new mechanical age .

The value of its communicative procedures and potentiality ; the resounding negativity of the expectations , prejudices , cynicism ; the comfort of those cuddled inside .
the value of its communicative procedures and [potential] ; the resounding negativity of the expectations , prejudices , cynicism ; the comfort of those cuddled inside .

Infants and potentiality
infants and [potential]

The potentiality of both forms of failure is always present in all materials .
the [potential] of both forms of failure is always present in all materials .

Five Heads represent ‘ potentiality ’ and the desire towards idealism .
five heads represent ‘ [potential] ’ and the desire towards idealism .

Five is relative to the law of potentiality which shows that nature tends to build on a system of five-fold construction ; e.g .
five is relative to the law of [potential] which shows that nature tends to build on a system of five-fold construction ; e.g .

The Nazi regime was first of all an occult ‘ order ’ , with its underlying motive being the achievement of human perfection through the destruction of the old decadent order to create a new dimension in human potentiality .
the nazi regime was first of all an occult ‘ order ’ , with its underlying motive being the achievement of human perfection through the destruction of the old decadent order to create a new dimension in human [potential] .

What we imagine or desire is what we get — within the limits of our potentiality , at a given time , and a given place ; that is , as aforementioned , when the conditions are conducive .
what we imagine or desire is what we get — within the limits of our [potential] , at a given time , and a given place ; that is , as aforementioned , when the conditions are conducive .

The variety of stresses that affect biological systems and influence the immune system 's potentiality are as follows :
the variety of stresses that affect biological systems and influence the immune system 's [potential] are as follows :

As we have seen , classicism allows for a much more complex human relationship with deviance and conformity , with a natural , self-interested potentiality for both .
as we have seen , classicism allows for a much more complex human relationship with deviance and conformity , with a natural , self-interested [potential] for both .

But in other categories , it becomes rather more difficult to convince people that it is a potentiality of most of us and that no ‘ special ’ motivation is required to explain it .
but in other categories , it becomes rather more difficult to convince people that it is a [potential] of most of us and that no ‘ special ’ motivation is required to explain it .

It is necessary to attract and select staff , to train them , to provide them with various services and with potentiality for advancement as their skills increase with experience .
it is necessary to attract and select staff , to train them , to provide them with various services and with [potential] for advancement as their skills increase with experience .

The philosophy that underpins this statement of purpose is the belief that every individual human being in our society has rights of citizenship and the potentiality to participate as a citizen , irrespective of gender , ethnic origin , cultural background or physical or mental ability .
the philosophy that underpins this statement of purpose is the belief that every individual human being in our society has rights of citizenship and the [potential] to participate as a citizen , irrespective of gender , ethnic origin , cultural background or physical or mental ability .

Even the potentiality of power .
even the [potential] of power .

These artists , and the ‘ progressive rock ’ bands who came after them , were captivated by the potentiality of the studio as a place for creating new sounds .
these artists , and the ‘ progressive rock ’ bands who came after them , were captivated by the [potential] of the studio as a place for creating new sounds .

The major themes of modern ideology can be said to contain the potentiality for criticism of royalty , for values of individual achievement and democratic equality must contain their own implicit potentiality for criticizing inherited privilege and aristocratic power .
the major themes of modern ideology can be said to contain the [potential] for criticism of royalty , for values of individual achievement and democratic equality must contain their own implicit [potential] for criticizing inherited privilege and aristocratic power .

One example can be given to show how this attitude contains its own potentiality for tilting from implicit justification to explicit criticism , should the balance between cost and benefit be thought to be changed .
one example can be given to show how this attitude contains its own [potential] for tilting from implicit justification to explicit criticism , should the balance between cost and benefit be thought to be changed .

Without these limitations , there would be no need for the implicit functional justifications , which themselves contain the implicit potentiality for criticism should circumstances change .
without these limitations , there would be no need for the implicit functional justifications , which themselves contain the implicit [potential] for criticism should circumstances change .

The main thrust of Lukacs 's criticism is that the rich potentiality of socialist realism degenerated for the most part into what he terms the `` anaemia of socialist naturalism `` because its practitioners deliberately chose to substitute the profundity of Marx 's original dialectical understanding of reality for the banality and facility of Stalinist economic subjectivism `` , the inevitable consequence of the Stalinist personality cult .
the main thrust of lukacs 's criticism is that the rich [potential] of socialist realism degenerated for the most part into what he terms the `` anaemia of socialist naturalism `` because its practitioners deliberately chose to substitute the profundity of marx 's original dialectical understanding of reality for the banality and facility of stalinist economic subjectivism `` , the inevitable consequence of the stalinist personality cult .

Lukacs 's adumbration of the problems facing the socialist realist writer , his examination of three tendencies within realism — bourgeois critical realism , socialist realism as a theoretical potentiality , and socialist realism as a Stalinist corruption ( socialist naturalism ) — set the agenda for an analysis of Nizan 's work .
lukacs 's adumbration of the problems facing the socialist realist writer , his examination of three tendencies within realism — bourgeois critical realism , socialist realism as a theoretical [potential] , and socialist realism as a stalinist corruption ( socialist naturalism ) — set the agenda for an analysis of nizan 's work .

This is an imaginary world where fiction would be indistinguishable from fact because , like the novel , it would be under the sign of potentiality .
this is an imaginary world where fiction would be indistinguishable from fact because , like the novel , it would be under the sign of [potential] .

Quantum objects do not act as carriers of classical quantities such as position and momentum ( their wavefunctions are not usually eigenstates of these observables ) but they do carry the potentiality for such quantities ( their wavefunctions are always superpositions of such eigenstates ) .
quantum objects do not act as carriers of classical quantities such as position and momentum ( their wavefunctions are not usually eigenstates of these observables ) but they do carry the [potential] for such quantities ( their wavefunctions are always superpositions of such eigenstates ) .

College should therefore encourage students to become more autonomous , to develop greater self-awareness , to fulfil their potentiality by exerting effort and will-power to achieve their highest standards of attainment — whether it be the completion of a first-year essay , an honours dissertation or a doctorate of philosophy .
college should therefore encourage students to become more autonomous , to develop greater self-awareness , to fulfil their [potential] by exerting effort and will-power to achieve their highest standards of attainment — whether it be the completion of a first-year essay , an honours dissertation or a doctorate of philosophy .

The middle-class family was a peculiar combination for it both stressed the innocence of childhood , its asexuality , and its potentiality for sexual corruption , with all the horrors that opened up . This was clearly expressed as late as 1913 by the Reverend Edward Lyttleton , headmaster of Eton :
the middle-class family was a peculiar combination for it both stressed the innocence of childhood , its asexuality , and its [potential] for sexual corruption , with all the horrors that opened up . this was clearly expressed as late as 1913 by the reverend edward lyttleton , headmaster of eton :

This implies , of course , that each method has only a limited potentiality and , to this extent , particular methods can be used only for certain kinds of research objectives .
this implies , of course , that each method has only a limited [potential] and , to this extent , particular methods can be used only for certain kinds of research objectives .

That to situates the bare infinitive 's event as an after-position with respect to something else explains why so many grammarians associate the to infinitive in some or all of its uses with notions such as `` future `` ( Wierzbicka 1988 : 188 ) , `` mere potentiality for action `` ( Quirk et al .
that to situates the bare infinitive 's event as an after-position with respect to something else explains why so many grammarians associate the to infinitive in some or all of its uses with notions such as `` future `` ( wierzbicka 1988 : 188 ) , `` mere [potential] for action `` ( quirk et al .

This meaning contrasts with that found in sentences such as She ordered me to break down the door , where only part of the movement signified by to is actualized : Here the infinitive can be described as evoking a subsequent potentiality , i.e .
this meaning contrasts with that found in sentences such as she ordered me to break down the door , where only part of the movement signified by to is actualized : here the infinitive can be described as evoking a subsequent [potential] , i.e .

Where do evokes the infinitive as a reality , the modals evoke it as a potentiality .
where do evokes the infinitive as a reality , the modals evoke it as a [potential] .

Here the infinitive 's event is treated as a possibility that has no chance of being real — as something which is impossible , absurd — which shows that the infinitive is clearly capable of expressing a potentiality all by itself .
here the infinitive 's event is treated as a possibility that has no chance of being real — as something which is impossible , absurd — which shows that the infinitive is clearly capable of expressing a [potential] all by itself .

What is coincident with the modal 's event is the infinitive event 's potentiality , not its actualization .
what is coincident with the modal 's event is the infinitive event 's [potential] , not its actualization .

It may seem surprising nonetheless to claim that the infinitive event is represented as a mere potentiality in uses with the modal auxiliaries in past contexts such as : ( 9 ) When he was young , he could swim across the lake and back in 10 minutes .
it may seem surprising nonetheless to claim that the infinitive event is represented as a mere [potential] in uses with the modal auxiliaries in past contexts such as : ( 9 ) when he was young , he could swim across the lake and back in 10 minutes .

The implication of these observations for our discussion is that whereas with going to a movement towards the realization of the accompanying infinitive 's event is represented as being under way , with will there is no idea of a movement towards this event ( i.e. of something existing before it in time ) : the impression is merely that the potentiality for the infinitive 's event already exists , and will be actualized if certain conditions are met .
the implication of these observations for our discussion is that whereas with going to a movement towards the realization of the accompanying infinitive 's event is represented as being under way , with will there is no idea of a movement towards this event ( i.e. of something existing before it in time ) : the impression is merely that the [potential] for the infinitive 's event already exists , and will be actualized if certain conditions are met .

This implies in turn that in its use with the modal auxiliaries the bare infinitive can be analysed as expressing a potentiality coinciding in time with another potentiality ( the modal 's event ) .
this implies in turn that in its use with the modal auxiliaries the bare infinitive can be analysed as expressing a [potential] coinciding in time with another [potential] ( the modal 's event ) .

The infinitive 's relation to the modals is thus exactly parallel in the field of potentiality to that which it entertains with auxiliary do in the field of actuality .
the infinitive 's relation to the modals is thus exactly parallel in the field of [potential] to that which it entertains with auxiliary do in the field of actuality .

The difference between them lies simply in the fact that while do situates the infinitive in time as an actualization , the modals only situate it as a potentiality .
the difference between them lies simply in the fact that while do situates the infinitive in time as an actualization , the modals only situate it as a [potential] .

Consequently , for She may own a Porsche , the following diagram can be proposed : The relation is the same for She may leave tomorrow except that the actualization of the infinitive 's event would be future ( if it is realized at all ) : The role of the modal auxiliaries is thus to specify the kind of potentiality which the potential event expressed by the infinitive has — possibility , probability , necessity , etc .
consequently , for she may own a porsche , the following diagram can be proposed : the relation is the same for she may leave tomorrow except that the actualization of the infinitive 's event would be future ( if it is realized at all ) : the role of the modal auxiliaries is thus to specify the kind of [potential] which the potential event expressed by the infinitive has — possibility , probability , necessity , etc .

— and the type of coincidence involved here is that between an event conceived as a potentiality and the form of potentiality which it is conceived as having , i.e .
— and the type of coincidence involved here is that between an event conceived as a [potential] and the form of [potential] which it is conceived as having , i.e .

If dare and need are not asserted as realities , then they must be conceived as mere potentialities , and since the infinitive also expresses a non-actual event in these uses , it must also be represented as a potentiality .
if dare and need are not asserted as realities , then they must be conceived as mere potentialities , and since the infinitive also expresses a non-actual event in these uses , it must also be represented as a [potential] .

This produces a representation of a potential event ( that of the infinitive ) coinciding in time with another potentiality ( non-asserted dare or need ) , on which it is dependent for its actualization .
this produces a representation of a potential event ( that of the infinitive ) coinciding in time with another [potential] ( non-asserted dare or need ) , on which it is dependent for its actualization .

The difference in meaning between the two coincides therefore with the distinction already made between to infinitives evoking their event as a `` subsequent potentiality `` and those evoking it as a `` subsequent actualization `` .
the difference in meaning between the two coincides therefore with the distinction already made between to infinitives evoking their event as a `` subsequent [potential] `` and those evoking it as a `` subsequent actualization `` .

The bare infinitive expresses a possibility which was not realized in this use and is therefore conceived in the same way as it is with the modal auxiliaries , as a mere potential , except for the fact that no particular form of potentiality is attributed to it .
the bare infinitive expresses a possibility which was not realized in this use and is therefore conceived in the same way as it is with the modal auxiliaries , as a mere potential , except for the fact that no particular form of [potential] is attributed to it .

Indeed , for all cases where the to infinitive evokes `` subsequent potentiality `` the support is necessarily seen or implied to be situated in time prior to the event .
indeed , for all cases where the to infinitive evokes `` subsequent [potential] `` the support is necessarily seen or implied to be situated in time prior to the event .

Whereas the uses just cited all represent cases in which the extra-verbal support 's place in time coincides with that of the intra-infinitival support involved in the actual realization of what the infinitive denotes , what has been called `` coincident actualization `` , with the modals however the extra-infinitival support is represented as receiving the incidence of the infinitive 's potentiality in time ( `` coincident potentiality `` ) .
whereas the uses just cited all represent cases in which the extra-verbal support 's place in time coincides with that of the intra-infinitival support involved in the actual realization of what the infinitive denotes , what has been called `` coincident actualization `` , with the modals however the extra-infinitival support is represented as receiving the incidence of the infinitive 's [potential] in time ( `` coincident [potential] `` ) .

As for the modals , they represent their support as receiving the incidence of the potentiality of the infinitive 's event in the time-stretch which they express .
as for the modals , they represent their support as receiving the incidence of the [potential] of the infinitive 's event in the time-stretch which they express .

For He could swim across the river : This also involves the intra-infinitival virtual person occupying the same position in time as the actual person which specifies its rank contained in the auxiliary , but here the virtual person is conceived as the support of a potentiality and not of an actualization .
for he could swim across the river : this also involves the intra-infinitival virtual person occupying the same position in time as the actual person which specifies its rank contained in the auxiliary , but here the virtual person is conceived as the support of a [potential] and not of an actualization .

As has been shown above , the movement denoted by to can be intercepted at some point before its term to evoke a support at some remove from the position occupied by the representation of person at the beginning of the infinitive 's event , thus giving rise to the impression which we have called `` subsequent potentiality `` ( He struggled to get free ) .
as has been shown above , the movement denoted by to can be intercepted at some point before its term to evoke a support at some remove from the position occupied by the representation of person at the beginning of the infinitive 's event , thus giving rise to the impression which we have called `` subsequent [potential] `` ( he struggled to get free ) .

At the same time as the non-past is undergoing this shift , the use of to with the infinitive is being extended beyond its concrete directional sense to cover all cases of subsequent potentiality and subsequent actualization , for which the bare infinitive had formerly been adequate : `` … the use of the to infinitive in the place of the bare or plain infinitive increased rapidly during the late Old English and early Middle English periods `` ( Visser 1966 : 948 ) .
at the same time as the non-past is undergoing this shift , the use of to with the infinitive is being extended beyond its concrete directional sense to cover all cases of subsequent [potential] and subsequent actualization , for which the bare infinitive had formerly been adequate : `` … the use of the to infinitive in the place of the bare or plain infinitive increased rapidly during the late old english and early middle english periods `` ( visser 1966 : 948 ) .

God is the infinite potentiality for good .
god is the infinite [potential] for good .

Ward and Cupitt , two Christians angry with each other 's definitions , swap epithets about static super-tyrants and dynamic powers , frozen gods and gods on the move , those that are reactionary and those that have infinite potentiality . But do we achieve any understanding of what their two different Gods are like from this conflict ?
ward and cupitt , two christians angry with each other 's definitions , swap epithets about static super-tyrants and dynamic powers , frozen gods and gods on the move , those that are reactionary and those that have infinite [potential] . but do we achieve any understanding of what their two different gods are like from this conflict ?

Of course not all policemen are in absolute positions of command even though they represent the maintenance of structure in more than a symbolic way ; and few can move into communitas to experience the temptations described above . Once again Turner ( ibid. 241 ) outlines the constraints of structure and the potentiality of standing outside :
of course not all policemen are in absolute positions of command even though they represent the maintenance of structure in more than a symbolic way ; and few can move into communitas to experience the temptations described above . once again turner ( ibid. 241 ) outlines the constraints of structure and the [potential] of standing outside :

Nothing less than that potentiality could , so Eliot seemed to suggest , give order and significance to the otherwise squalid and meaningless turbulence of the middle decades of the present century .
nothing less than that [potential] could , so eliot seemed to suggest , give order and significance to the otherwise squalid and meaningless turbulence of the middle decades of the present century .

Rudolf Dreikurs has observed that encouragement implies faith in the child as she is , not in her potentiality .
rudolf dreikurs has observed that encouragement implies faith in the child as she is , not in her [potential] .

