According to Mr Lee , a code of conduct has been agreed during the Tweeddale campaign which precludes each of the bidders from passing comment on the opposition 's package .
according to mr lee , a code of conduct has been agreed during the tweeddale campaign which [prevents] each of the bidders from passing comment on the opposition 's package .

One or two from a roll comprising such as Scott Booth , Stephen Wright , Gary Smith ( Aberdeen ) and Duncan Ferguson ( Dundee United ) will be blooded in the friendly against Germany that precludes the use of Anglos because of English league commitments .
one or two from a roll comprising such as scott booth , stephen wright , gary smith ( aberdeen ) and duncan ferguson ( dundee united ) will be blooded in the friendly against germany that [prevents] the use of anglos because of english league commitments .

The great egg race experiment was something to break into the Midlands , something to ask them to have opinions about puzzles , because there 's an awful lot of science in schools which precludes you from having an opinion .
the great egg race experiment was something to break into the midlands , something to ask them to have opinions about puzzles , because there 's an awful lot of science in schools which [prevents] you from having an opinion .

Each House has its privileges ( though many are identical ) and whilst the modus vivendi above referred to may inveigh against interference by the ordinary courts into the affairs of the House of Commons , it is not at all clear that it precludes comment by the Judicial Committee of the House of Lords on the affairs of the House of Lords .
each house has its privileges ( though many are identical ) and whilst the modus vivendi above referred to may inveigh against interference by the ordinary courts into the affairs of the house of commons , it is not at all clear that it [prevents] comment by the judicial committee of the house of lords on the affairs of the house of lords .

With more schoolchildren and shoppers using these routes , cyclist vulnerability is greater , yet the high density of the routes precludes grade separation at all intersections .
with more schoolchildren and shoppers using these routes , cyclist vulnerability is greater , yet the high density of the routes [prevents] grade separation at all intersections .

None of this actually precludes the visual or somatosensory areas in the two species being homologous , but it does mean that we need evidence other than appearance to support the case .
none of this actually [prevents] the visual or somatosensory areas in the two species being homologous , but it does mean that we need evidence other than appearance to support the case .

But his very assumption that many descendant species may diverge from a single common ancestry precludes his construing descendants as grown-up ancestors and ancestors as descendants in embryo ; for any given immature , embryonic life already has but one determinate mature adult future ; if a puppy as a dog , if a tadpole as a frog .
but his very assumption that many descendant species may diverge from a single common ancestry [prevents] his construing descendants as grown-up ancestors and ancestors as descendants in embryo ; for any given immature , embryonic life already has but one determinate mature adult future ; if a puppy as a dog , if a tadpole as a frog .

Another option , accepting criminal law as an accurate reflection of the social consensus , is less helpful than the legal definition because it precludes the study of differences between criminal law and popular conceptions of morality .
another option , accepting criminal law as an accurate reflection of the social consensus , is less helpful than the legal definition because it [prevents] the study of differences between criminal law and popular conceptions of morality .

But the important point to note is that the adherence to a theory which Krashen proposes actually precludes the exercise of pragmatic options and the quest for relevance which characterize a theoretical orientation to pedagogy of the kind outlined in this chapter .
but the important point to note is that the adherence to a theory which krashen proposes actually [prevents] the exercise of pragmatic options and the quest for relevance which characterize a theoretical orientation to pedagogy of the kind outlined in this chapter .

Jehovah 's Witnesses ' religious beliefs precludes them from undertaking compulsory national service .
jehovah 's witnesses ' religious beliefs [prevents] them from undertaking compulsory national service .

Such theories take the individual as the starting point ; and the inherent sociality that we are arguing for — and which precludes any form of methodological individualism — is given little or no credence .
such theories take the individual as the starting point ; and the inherent sociality that we are arguing for — and which [prevents] any form of methodological individualism — is given little or no credence .

‘ Consumers ’ or ‘ users ’ have traditionally been regarded as having no realistic , lucid , practical views to offer , and many professionals feel that the very nature of mental illness precludes users of services from making a sensible contribution .
‘ consumers ’ or ‘ users ’ have traditionally been regarded as having no realistic , lucid , practical views to offer , and many professionals feel that the very nature of mental illness [prevents] users of services from making a sensible contribution .

Perhaps restraints are imposed because the history of the industry precludes vertical integration .
perhaps restraints are imposed because the history of the industry [prevents] vertical integration .

However , space precludes discussion of this topic .
however , space [prevents] discussion of this topic .

This method of determining levels precludes structures like that shown in fig. 5 3(a) :
this method of determining levels [prevents] structures like that shown in fig. 5 3(a) :

Impliedly , it might be said , this precludes any re-opening at the instance of the applicant .
impliedly , it might be said , this [prevents] any re-opening at the instance of the applicant .

The nub of this criticism is that such views give rise to a kind of political paralysis : everything must wait until the revolutionary moment in which the production relations are transformed ; until then labour must play a purely oppositional role , a role which Precludes struggle of a ‘ prefigurative ’ kind .
the nub of this criticism is that such views give rise to a kind of political paralysis : everything must wait until the revolutionary moment in which the production relations are transformed ; until then labour must play a purely oppositional role , a role which [prevents] struggle of a ‘ prefigurative ’ kind .

Furthermore , it sets out the proper responses to the exhibition and precludes others as illegitimate and inappropriate to the subject .
furthermore , it sets out the proper responses to the exhibition and [prevents] others as illegitimate and inappropriate to the subject .

In theory they should be available to all suitable patients , but the current lack of facilities precludes this .
in theory they should be available to all suitable patients , but the current lack of facilities [prevents] this .

The small number of cases , however , precludes examination of the effects of different antihypertensive drugs , which is important because some epidemiological evidence suggests that the increased rate of renal cancer in hypertensive patients is attributable , at least in part , to their use .
the small number of cases , however , [prevents] examination of the effects of different antihypertensive drugs , which is important because some epidemiological evidence suggests that the increased rate of renal cancer in hypertensive patients is attributable , at least in part , to their use .

Neither is the rosy functionalist conception of the family based on complementary roles correct ; some aspects of consumption might be shared , such as a common roof , but the unequal distribution of power , the prevalence of paid employment among married women , and the violence some women suffer from men they live with , precludes such an interpretation .
neither is the rosy functionalist conception of the family based on complementary roles correct ; some aspects of consumption might be shared , such as a common roof , but the unequal distribution of power , the prevalence of paid employment among married women , and the violence some women suffer from men they live with , [prevents] such an interpretation .

The Bank of England submits that the section 39 notice does indeed override the injunction , on the assumption ( which the Bank of England does not accept ) that the injunction itself when properly construed precludes the defendants from complying with the section 39 notice .
the bank of england submits that the section 39 notice does indeed override the injunction , on the assumption ( which the bank of england does not accept ) that the injunction itself when properly construed [prevents] the defendants from complying with the section 39 notice .

Yet in my view there is nothing in the authorities which precludes your Lordship 's House from laying down that money paid by way of tax following an ultra vires demand by the revenue is recoverable .
yet in my view there is nothing in the authorities which [prevents] your lordship 's house from laying down that money paid by way of tax following an ultra vires demand by the revenue is recoverable .

Nothing in 7.6 precludes an application being made directly to the judge in a proper case ( r 7.6(4) ) .
nothing in 7.6 [prevents] an application being made directly to the judge in a proper case ( r 7.6(4) ) .

Since the function of such a court is solely judicial and in no way administrative , the rule which precludes interest or bias on the part of the judge may be expected to be enforced more , rather than less , strictly than in the case of a licensing board , which is primarily an administrative body .
since the function of such a court is solely judicial and in no way administrative , the rule which [prevents] interest or bias on the part of the judge may be expected to be enforced more , rather than less , strictly than in the case of a licensing board , which is primarily an administrative body .

The position of the minister , and the broad range of policy considerations that he must take into account , precludes this .
the position of the minister , and the broad range of policy considerations that he must take into account , [prevents] this .

Since this effectively precludes the existence of internal organisation as a source of elite power , this line of explanation has to find other such sources and other unifying characteristics .
since this effectively [prevents] the existence of internal organisation as a source of elite power , this line of explanation has to find other such sources and other unifying characteristics .

Brooke-Rose resumed her scholarly work when she finished the novel , and Julia realizes in the end that while the ‘ frivolous ’ path precludes the ‘ serious ’ , the latter can provide a means of channelling her creative energies .
brooke-rose resumed her scholarly work when she finished the novel , and julia realizes in the end that while the ‘ frivolous ’ path [prevents] the ‘ serious ’ , the latter can provide a means of channelling her creative energies .

Thus the conflictual , state-centric model , with its privileging of military security issues , is an essentially masculine representation , in which the separation of domestic and global politics precludes acknowledgement of the social processes constitutive of gender divisions , analysis of which is essential to understanding the role of the state — in particular its military capacity .
thus the conflictual , state-centric model , with its privileging of military security issues , is an essentially masculine representation , in which the separation of domestic and global politics [prevents] acknowledgement of the social processes constitutive of gender divisions , analysis of which is essential to understanding the role of the state — in particular its military capacity .

States remain important global actors but their struggle to retain independent status precludes solutions to global problems .
states remain important global actors but their struggle to retain independent status [prevents] solutions to global problems .

‘ It seems the scientific mind precludes the accumulation of more tangible comforts , ’ Dauntless observed quietly to Cleo .
‘ it seems the scientific mind [prevents] the accumulation of more tangible comforts , ’ dauntless observed quietly to cleo .

’ But there is a deeper issue : ‘ market demand for housing was not and probably can not ( emphasis added ) be estimated in an area and over time ; this precludes its incorporation into structure plans and prevents any meaningful quantitative comparisons to be made with plan figures .
’ but there is a deeper issue : ‘ market demand for housing was not and probably can not ( emphasis added ) be estimated in an area and over time ; this [prevents] its incorporation into structure plans and prevents any meaningful quantitative comparisons to be made with plan figures .

Moreover , how could serf agriculture be economically rational since , to quote a Russian defender of serfdom in the 1850s , it ‘ precludes the possibility of establishing the cost of production with any accuracy ’ .
moreover , how could serf agriculture be economically rational since , to quote a russian defender of serfdom in the 1850s , it ‘ [prevents] the possibility of establishing the cost of production with any accuracy ’ .

( a ) Meetings and their conduct Whatever may have been agreed as to the taking of decisions by unanimous or majority vote , as much a matter of good management as of good faith is the need to ensure that all relevant information is given to all the partners before a vote is taken : the requisite majority of partners should not purport to take decisions and act on them behind the backs of the minority unless such has been expressly authorised or the need for immediate action precludes the convening of a partners ' meeting ; and even then there should be no delay before all partners are acquainted with the circumstances and invited to ratify any decision taken in their name .
( a ) meetings and their conduct whatever may have been agreed as to the taking of decisions by unanimous or majority vote , as much a matter of good management as of good faith is the need to ensure that all relevant information is given to all the partners before a vote is taken : the requisite majority of partners should not purport to take decisions and act on them behind the backs of the minority unless such has been expressly authorised or the need for immediate action [prevents] the convening of a partners ' meeting ; and even then there should be no delay before all partners are acquainted with the circumstances and invited to ratify any decision taken in their name .

The House is expected to submit bills to sustained scrutiny and debate before giving its assent to them ( or not giving its assent to them , but the influence of party usually precludes such an outcome ) .
the house is expected to submit bills to sustained scrutiny and debate before giving its assent to them ( or not giving its assent to them , but the influence of party usually [prevents] such an outcome ) .

This achieves a critical economy in language , in that it precludes the use of more than one conventional expression to convey a particular meaning .
this achieves a critical economy in language , in that it [prevents] the use of more than one conventional expression to convey a particular meaning .

Unfortunately , little is known of the south wing , but it has a very similar appearance to that of the north side and suffers from the disadvantage of facing north , which precludes any possibility of the best accommodation being situated there .
unfortunately , little is known of the south wing , but it has a very similar appearance to that of the north side and suffers from the disadvantage of facing north , which [prevents] any possibility of the best accommodation being situated there .

The jurisdiction of a university visitor to adjudicate on disputes governed by the university 's statutes , regulations and other ‘ internal laws ’ precludes recourse to a court in respect of the dispute , although the decision of the visitor is amenable to judicial review .
the jurisdiction of a university visitor to adjudicate on disputes governed by the university 's statutes , regulations and other ‘ internal laws ’ [prevents] recourse to a court in respect of the dispute , although the decision of the visitor is amenable to judicial review .

They are usually sturdily — rather than finely — knotted in good quality wool which , because of the thickness of the yarns , precludes the possibility of intricate , curvilinear designs .
they are usually sturdily — rather than finely — knotted in good quality wool which , because of the thickness of the yarns , [prevents] the possibility of intricate , curvilinear designs .

The Christian belief that a house of God should be open to everyone precludes the Church from cashing in on some of its most beautiful assets .
the christian belief that a house of god should be open to everyone [prevents] the church from cashing in on some of its most beautiful assets .

Although formalin fixed tissue can be used or transferred into glutaraldehyde , the loss in quality of the sample precludes identification of subtle features .
although formalin fixed tissue can be used or transferred into glutaraldehyde , the loss in quality of the sample [prevents] identification of subtle features .

It is rendered particularly difficult for women who have been stereotyped , because the stereotype of women is one which precludes the exercise of active responsibility .
it is rendered particularly difficult for women who have been stereotyped , because the stereotype of women is one which [prevents] the exercise of active responsibility .

When atrocious weather precludes any possibility of climbing at all , it 's worth descending a ‘ comfortable ’ distance down the terrace to witness the natural turmoil taking place in the inlet between Stennis and neighbouring Bosherston Head ; a simultaneously exhilarating and sobering sight .
when atrocious weather [prevents] any possibility of climbing at all , it 's worth descending a ‘ comfortable ’ distance down the terrace to witness the natural turmoil taking place in the inlet between stennis and neighbouring bosherston head ; a simultaneously exhilarating and sobering sight .

‘ My association with Silvio rather precludes marriage . ’
‘ my association with silvio rather [prevents] marriage . ’

None of this , however , precludes diversity within both bureaucracy and intelligentsia .
none of this , however , [prevents] diversity within both bureaucracy and intelligentsia .

The collectivist character of society precludes state power being used as a class instrument ( Miliband 1977 ) .
the collectivist character of society [prevents] state power being used as a class instrument ( miliband 1977 ) .

‘ And the one necessarily precludes the other in your estimation , hmm ? ’ The look he slanted her was quizzical , almost as if he was humouring her . ‘ Have you never heard of mixing business with pleasure ? ’
‘ and the one necessarily [prevents] the other in your estimation , hmm ? ’ the look he slanted her was quizzical , almost as if he was humouring her . ‘ have you never heard of mixing business with pleasure ? ’

This precludes the need for the extensive , long range , diffusion of the chain through a highly viscous medium that would be necessary if a regular chain folded structure was to be constructed .
this [prevents] the need for the extensive , long range , diffusion of the chain through a highly viscous medium that would be necessary if a regular chain folded structure was to be constructed .

Member for Finchley ( Mrs. Thatcher ) into entering all those months ago , forcing it on her against her will in such a decisive fashion — precludes recovery , because we can not reduce interest rates .
member for finchley ( mrs. thatcher ) into entering all those months ago , forcing it on her against her will in such a decisive fashion — [prevents] recovery , because we can not reduce interest rates .

This procedure is fine as far as it goes , but it precludes the consideration of alternative schemes which may be more cost-effective and can not , by definition , provide a public forum in which the cost and benefit figures can be challenged .
this procedure is fine as far as it goes , but it [prevents] the consideration of alternative schemes which may be more cost-effective and can not , by definition , provide a public forum in which the cost and benefit figures can be challenged .

This very strong assumption precludes any role for unobserved variables to account for a substantial proportion of population heterogeneity .
this very strong assumption [prevents] any role for unobserved variables to account for a substantial proportion of population heterogeneity .

Similarly , some theses showed equal multiple citations in different years , which again precludes determining a single peak .
similarly , some theses showed equal multiple citations in different years , which again [prevents] determining a single peak .

In respect of the supposed vicarious eroticism of the genre , however , we may argue that the unembarrassed and disembarrassed honesty of the fabliaux `` sexual fantasies largely precludes any lingering upon the process of arousal in the form of a gradual uncovering of the tale 's sexual core .
in respect of the supposed vicarious eroticism of the genre , however , we may argue that the unembarrassed and disembarrassed honesty of the fabliaux `` sexual fantasies largely [prevents] any lingering upon the process of arousal in the form of a gradual uncovering of the tale 's sexual core .

Obviously , the effective use of contraception precludes short birth intervals .
obviously , the effective use of contraception [prevents] short birth intervals .

One third of the failures are caused by the development of an afunctional gall bladder which precludes the dissolution of the remaining small fragments .
one third of the failures are caused by the development of an afunctional gall bladder which [prevents] the dissolution of the remaining small fragments .

If extensive and continuing bleeding precludes this , balloon tamponade should be considered , as this is highly effective and has a low complication rate in experienced hands .
if extensive and continuing bleeding [prevents] this , balloon tamponade should be considered , as this is highly effective and has a low complication rate in experienced hands .

This design precludes , in our opinion , the normal physiological interaction between calcium , phosphate , and bile acids in the small and large intestine .
this design [prevents] , in our opinion , the normal physiological interaction between calcium , phosphate , and bile acids in the small and large intestine .

In the presence of exogenous acetylcholine a normal sweat response should therefore be expected even if nerve degeneration precludes adequate transmitter release .
in the presence of exogenous acetylcholine a normal sweat response should therefore be expected even if nerve degeneration [prevents] adequate transmitter release .

The extreme complexity of the enteric nervous system with its non adrenergic non-cholinergic neurones and its connections with the autonomic nervous system and higher neural centres precludes a simple explanation for the effects of autonomic neuropathy on constipation .
the extreme complexity of the enteric nervous system with its non adrenergic non-cholinergic neurones and its connections with the autonomic nervous system and higher neural centres [prevents] a simple explanation for the effects of autonomic neuropathy on constipation .

But when a system precludes counting papers , heads must be counted instead ; and when sixty people contest thirty seats each voter would have to be polled , physically , thirty times .
but when a system [prevents] counting papers , heads must be counted instead ; and when sixty people contest thirty seats each voter would have to be polled , physically , thirty times .

Even more usefully , from a film-maker 's point of view , untimely celebrity death precludes the risk of libel , thus opening up all sorts of opportunities for dramatic license .
even more usefully , from a film-maker 's point of view , untimely celebrity death [prevents] the risk of libel , thus opening up all sorts of opportunities for dramatic license .

( This precludes them from being irreligious communists . )
( this [prevents] them from being irreligious communists . )

Unhappy human nature precludes that .
unhappy human nature [prevents] that .

An executive involved in a role-play exercise in order to improve his management skills might be so determined to learn that his very effort to do so precludes the necessary ‘ submission ’ to the experience .
an executive involved in a role-play exercise in order to improve his management skills might be so determined to learn that his very effort to do so [prevents] the necessary ‘ submission ’ to the experience .

The content of an article will tend to be determined by its length ; no newspaper article is likely to be more than 1,000 words , which precludes any chance of detailed analysis .
the content of an article will tend to be determined by its length ; no newspaper article is likely to be more than 1,000 words , which [prevents] any chance of detailed analysis .

In the remaining chapters , it is argued that religion in Ireland basically solidifies the opposing alliances in an exclusive way and precludes a common state form , thus providing the structure of violence which such divisions entail .
in the remaining chapters , it is argued that religion in ireland basically solidifies the opposing alliances in an exclusive way and [prevents] a common state form , thus providing the structure of violence which such divisions entail .

’ The really significant change in divorce , in terms of both law and behaviour , has taken place in the twentieth century ; and as Stone devotes only forty of his 422 pages to a consideration of the period after 1857 , he essentially precludes an answer to the question he poses , namely , why divorce has become as common as taxes and death .
’ the really significant change in divorce , in terms of both law and behaviour , has taken place in the twentieth century ; and as stone devotes only forty of his 422 pages to a consideration of the period after 1857 , he essentially [prevents] an answer to the question he poses , namely , why divorce has become as common as taxes and death .

Conversely , those whom he is supposed to desire , and always in specified ways , namely women , he is discouraged from identifying with : that would equal effeminacy ; so in relation to them desire for precludes identification with .
conversely , those whom he is supposed to desire , and always in specified ways , namely women , he is discouraged from identifying with : that would equal effeminacy ; so in relation to them desire for [prevents] identification with .

There is in many societies a strong economic , political and psychic advantage in having male children , so the proposition of preventing any births , precludes that possibility , and those benefits are perceived to be real as soon as the ( male ) child is born .
there is in many societies a strong economic , political and psychic advantage in having male children , so the proposition of preventing any births , [prevents] that possibility , and those benefits are perceived to be real as soon as the ( male ) child is born .

Although the curvature and track geometry precludes speeds much in excess of 100mph ( except by upgrading at unacceptable costs ) the power : weight ratio , acceleration and braking of the HSTs immediately demonstrated their worth and have made it possible to introduce some very useful cuts in journey times .
although the curvature and track geometry [prevents] speeds much in excess of 100mph ( except by upgrading at unacceptable costs ) the power : weight ratio , acceleration and braking of the hsts immediately demonstrated their worth and have made it possible to introduce some very useful cuts in journey times .

This begs many questions , and precludes many possibilities .
this begs many questions , and [prevents] many possibilities .

It clearly precludes the collection of data for its own sake , or just in case it might turn out to be useful ; and it requires that information shall be kept for only as long as it remains relevant .
it clearly [prevents] the collection of data for its own sake , or just in case it might turn out to be useful ; and it requires that information shall be kept for only as long as it remains relevant .

This neither precludes his fishing nor guarantees it .
this neither [prevents] his fishing nor guarantees it .

It removes the pernicious , if subconscious obsession with calendar age , which precludes some of us from learning new things , or undertaking new tasks , or taking a new interest in the world around us .
it removes the pernicious , if subconscious obsession with calendar age , which [prevents] some of us from learning new things , or undertaking new tasks , or taking a new interest in the world around us .

Although the authors accept that the niche for these systems is essentially ‘ up market ’ and that the support structure needed for a successful , gasification programme precludes gasification from the ‘ appropriate technology ’ approach , their form of economic analysis is closer to a sales pitch than an economic evaluation .
although the authors accept that the niche for these systems is essentially ‘ up market ’ and that the support structure needed for a successful , gasification programme [prevents] gasification from the ‘ appropriate technology ’ approach , their form of economic analysis is closer to a sales pitch than an economic evaluation .

Further , as far as Judaism is concerned , the ‘ promised land ’ aspect alone of its teachings , with its built-in potential for everlasting conflict , precludes its ever becoming , in its complete historical form , a religion for humankind as a whole .
further , as far as judaism is concerned , the ‘ promised land ’ aspect alone of its teachings , with its built-in potential for everlasting conflict , [prevents] its ever becoming , in its complete historical form , a religion for humankind as a whole .

The slow kinetics of antigen-antibody dissociation , unfortunately , precludes using antibodies in reversible sensors for continuous monitoring .
the slow kinetics of antigen-antibody dissociation , unfortunately , [prevents] using antibodies in reversible sensors for continuous monitoring .

Sometimes it is incorrectly assumed that listing patients ' problems precludes inclusion of psychiatric diagnosis .
sometimes it is incorrectly assumed that listing patients ' problems [prevents] inclusion of psychiatric diagnosis .

Whether an incapacity to prestate the configuration space of a biosphere genuinely precludes the use of category theory to mathematize the concepts of autonomous agents and propagating organization is an open question .
whether an incapacity to prestate the configuration space of a biosphere genuinely [prevents] the use of category theory to mathematize the concepts of autonomous agents and propagating organization is an open question .

More important , it seems to this outsider , is the following : If observation happens by coupling a quantum system to some other system , quantum or classical , whereby decoherence occurs and , in turn , classicity arises because loss of phase information precludes later reassembly of all the phase information to yield quantum interference , then there appears to be a relation between an observable being observed and the very decoherence by which something actual arises from the quantum amplitude haze .
more important , it seems to this outsider , is the following : if observation happens by coupling a quantum system to some other system , quantum or classical , whereby decoherence occurs and , in turn , classicity arises because loss of phase information [prevents] later reassembly of all the phase information to yield quantum interference , then there appears to be a relation between an observable being observed and the very decoherence by which something actual arises from the quantum amplitude haze .

Because the large number of transactions in the system precludes manually examining each transaction for associations and patterns with other transactions , data mining is an effective and efficient alternative .
because the large number of transactions in the system [prevents] manually examining each transaction for associations and patterns with other transactions , data mining is an effective and efficient alternative .

Independence precludes relationships that may in fact or appearance impair an auditor 's objectivity in performing the audit .
independence [prevents] relationships that may in fact or appearance impair an auditor 's objectivity in performing the audit .

We have suggested that modifying this residue precludes DJ-1 oxidation under mild conditions and also blocks the neuroprotective activity of DJ-1 against mitochondrial toxicity ( Canet-Aviles et al .
we have suggested that modifying this residue [prevents] dj-1 oxidation under mild conditions and also blocks the neuroprotective activity of dj-1 against mitochondrial toxicity ( canet-aviles et al .

While the risk factor counting algorithm that we used may simulate practical risk estimation by many physicians , it precludes the assessment of appropriateness of statin use in relation to the latest lipid-lowering guidelines .
while the risk factor counting algorithm that we used may simulate practical risk estimation by many physicians , it [prevents] the assessment of appropriateness of statin use in relation to the latest lipid-lowering guidelines .

Where other filmmakers have tried to assert that showmanship somehow precludes belief , Duvall demonstrates how showmanship and belief can reinforce and even galvanize each other , the former driving the latter to transcendental heights .
where other filmmakers have tried to assert that showmanship somehow [prevents] belief , duvall demonstrates how showmanship and belief can reinforce and even galvanize each other , the former driving the latter to transcendental heights .

With a bit of elementary mathematics and a lot of keen insight , Arrow was forced to a sobering conclusion : If a `` reasonable '' voting system is one that respects unanimity and precludes flip-flops , then there are no reasonable voting systems , with one exception -- the system that picks one voter and makes him a dictator .
with a bit of elementary mathematics and a lot of keen insight , arrow was forced to a sobering conclusion : if a `` reasonable '' voting system is one that respects unanimity and [prevents] flip-flops , then there are no reasonable voting systems , with one exception -- the system that picks one voter and makes him a dictator .

It sometimes seems that working at 1,000 megahertz precludes one from having much long-term memory .
it sometimes seems that working at 1,000 megahertz [prevents] one from having much long-term memory .

His Weinberger Doctrine , which precludes U.S. military action except in absolutely vital cases of national security , would seem to bar any Kosovo intervention .
his weinberger doctrine , which [prevents] u.s. military action except in absolutely vital cases of national security , would seem to bar any kosovo intervention .

Being a star precludes niceness . ''
being a star [prevents] niceness . ''

Like most countries aside from the U.S. , Canadian law precludes the public disclosure of any dialogue from the cockpit recordings .
like most countries aside from the u.s. , canadian law [prevents] the public disclosure of any dialogue from the cockpit recordings .

Anyone with half an eye will be able to find as enclosure , whether it is in or with the covering letter ; but it is my belief that , while adequate English can be readily understood , good English precludes , if possible , any misunderstanding .
anyone with half an eye will be able to find as enclosure , whether it is in or with the covering letter ; but it is my belief that , while adequate english can be readily understood , good english [prevents] , if possible , any misunderstanding .

Lack of space precludes further comment on this interesting collection of papers , but I should like to add one observations .
lack of space [prevents] further comment on this interesting collection of papers , but i should like to add one observations .

Lack of familiarity with the planet Zartok precludes a more accurate guess .
lack of familiarity with the planet zartok [prevents] a more accurate guess .

To be sure , proficiency in linguistics offers no assurance of proficiency in writing ; indeed , from the extensive reading I have done in the subject , I could easily be led to believe that the former precludes that latter .
to be sure , proficiency in linguistics offers no assurance of proficiency in writing ; indeed , from the extensive reading i have done in the subject , i could easily be led to believe that the former [prevents] that latter .

