The vast number of compounds to be covered , the limited resources to do the job , and the immediate need for this type of compilation precluded a thorough evaluation of all available data in the present edition .
the vast number of compounds to be covered , the limited resources to do the job , and the immediate need for this type of compilation [prevented] a thorough evaluation of all available data in the present edition .

you not outside the prattle in precluded completely .
you not outside the prattle in [prevented] completely .

The fact that flu and injury had precluded any live scrummaging last Wednesday had a detrimental effect , and that department will have to be better for Twickenham . But it still was n't that bad …
the fact that flu and injury had [prevented] any live scrummaging last wednesday had a detrimental effect , and that department will have to be better for twickenham . but it still was n't that bad …

We were grateful that skilful programming precluded any of us from finding ourselves in the wrong session ! However we were most interested to watch the girls at work one evening when they put on a display for us .
we were grateful that skilful programming [prevented] any of us from finding ourselves in the wrong session ! however we were most interested to watch the girls at work one evening when they put on a display for us .

‘ The reason he never had any was that his tastes precluded it , ’ said Rose , spitting out the words .
‘ the reason he never had any was that his tastes [prevented] it , ’ said rose , spitting out the words .

This practice is now discouraged , although not precluded , by standing order .
this practice is now discouraged , although not [prevented] , by standing order .

This the court now held to be a valid return , although a general one , and , since it did not disclose on its face any irregularity or wrongful cause , it precluded the intervention of the courts .
this the court now held to be a valid return , although a general one , and , since it did not disclose on its face any irregularity or wrongful cause , it [prevented] the intervention of the courts .

The bright sunlight precluded any need of umbrellas , but had there been one , its handle would inevitably have been chewed through , as happened in the immortal 1882 Ashes match at The Oval .
the bright sunlight [prevented] any need of umbrellas , but had there been one , its handle would inevitably have been chewed through , as happened in the immortal 1882 ashes match at the oval .

This early date rather precluded the sighting of a possible early summer migrant , whereas on some previous counts , like last year on March 22 , four wheatears appeared on the scene .
this early date rather [prevented] the sighting of a possible early summer migrant , whereas on some previous counts , like last year on march 22 , four wheatears appeared on the scene .

Weather conditions precluded this , so he had to wait for the next scheduled plane from Wick to Kirkwall .
weather conditions [prevented] this , so he had to wait for the next scheduled plane from wick to kirkwall .

Moreover , the very isolation of Four Winds precluded her from being able to enjoy the facilities which even a town like Penzance might have provided .
moreover , the very isolation of four winds [prevented] her from being able to enjoy the facilities which even a town like penzance might have provided .

‘ … one was a female pauper of very advanced age who had laboured for many years under a complication of incurable disorders , and her situation was so desperate as to have precluded her from being received into the House had it not happened that she was the first patient presented .
‘ … one was a female pauper of very advanced age who had laboured for many years under a complication of incurable disorders , and her situation was so desperate as to have [prevented] her from being received into the house had it not happened that she was the first patient presented .

An interest in ‘ the relationships that the media affect ’ means , in effect , that one can legitimately explore an enormous field of activity ; no field is precluded since the media are omnipresent .
an interest in ‘ the relationships that the media affect ’ means , in effect , that one can legitimately explore an enormous field of activity ; no field is [prevented] since the media are omnipresent .

The friends , says Morton , took it upon themselves to portray him as a deeply wounded and betrayed husband whose character precluded him from answering back .
the friends , says morton , took it upon themselves to portray him as a deeply wounded and betrayed husband whose character [prevented] him from answering back .

As we saw , this was partly because their stance of ‘ scientific detachment ’ precluded too close an involvement in matters of ‘ policy ’ and partly because the causes of crime that they generated tended to involve factors that were beyond the scope of penal practitioners .
as we saw , this was partly because their stance of ‘ scientific detachment ’ [prevented] too close an involvement in matters of ‘ policy ’ and partly because the causes of crime that they generated tended to involve factors that were beyond the scope of penal practitioners .

It is important to note here that its terms of reference precluded any consideration of the moral basis of either of the two areas to be investigated .
it is important to note here that its terms of reference [prevented] any consideration of the moral basis of either of the two areas to be investigated .

precluded representation via a single trade association .
[prevented] representation via a single trade association .

It was more practicable to do this for a district or industry , since firm-by-firm bargaining was precluded for want of suitable union organisation to bring together all employees at the workplace .
it was more practicable to do this for a district or industry , since firm-by-firm bargaining was [prevented] for want of suitable union organisation to bring together all employees at the workplace .

Mr. Diamond asserts that under the Visby Protocol tort liability would be precluded in at least two of the examples .
mr. diamond asserts that under the visby protocol tort liability would be [prevented] in at least two of the examples .

Resale and transhipment by air would be curtailed , if not precluded .
resale and transhipment by air would be curtailed , if not [prevented] .

The House of Lords , not for the first or for the last time , held that ‘ determination ’ should not be construed as including everything which purported to be a determination but was not , and so the court was not precluded from deciding that the order of the Commission was a nullity .
the house of lords , not for the first or for the last time , held that ‘ determination ’ should not be construed as including everything which purported to be a determination but was not , and so the court was not [prevented] from deciding that the order of the commission was a nullity .

The result , however , is not in doubt ; the British housing system is becoming increasingly polarized between a majority of secure owner-occupiers who have made substantial capital gains and are receiving large continuing subsidies , and the rest ( this includes the group which space has precluded discussing : the marginal group of owner-occupiers , many of whom are in a more precarious position than local authority tenants , and whose problems will become much more prominent in years to come ( Karn , Kemeny , and Williams , 1985 ; Sullivan and Murphy , 1987 ) ) .
the result , however , is not in doubt ; the british housing system is becoming increasingly polarized between a majority of secure owner-occupiers who have made substantial capital gains and are receiving large continuing subsidies , and the rest ( this includes the group which space has [prevented] discussing : the marginal group of owner-occupiers , many of whom are in a more precarious position than local authority tenants , and whose problems will become much more prominent in years to come ( karn , kemeny , and williams , 1985 ; sullivan and murphy , 1987 ) ) .

But while promoting non-shareholder interests is not a permissible management objective , the ( limited ) satisfaction of third party expectations is often a pre-requisite of maximising profits , and hence consideration of them is not precluded by the legal model .
but while promoting non-shareholder interests is not a permissible management objective , the ( limited ) satisfaction of third party expectations is often a pre-requisite of maximising profits , and hence consideration of them is not [prevented] by the legal model .

The variable quality of both production and music in outside broadcasts from churches , together with budgetary limitations , means that they are almost wholly precluded .
the variable quality of both production and music in outside broadcasts from churches , together with budgetary limitations , means that they are almost wholly [prevented] .

Compensation is payable if the tenant is precluded from obtaining a new tenancy on ground ( c ) , ( d ) or ( e ) .
compensation is payable if the tenant is [prevented] from obtaining a new tenancy on ground ( c ) , ( d ) or ( e ) .

More important than that ( for medieval village buildings could have been swept away as easily as the Romans had swept away the native British buildings for their planned towns ) — a variety of ownerships and rights had grown up that precluded a unified plan even as early as the twelfth or thirteenth century .
more important than that ( for medieval village buildings could have been swept away as easily as the romans had swept away the native british buildings for their planned towns ) — a variety of ownerships and rights had grown up that [prevented] a unified plan even as early as the twelfth or thirteenth century .

Nevertheless critics of liberal legislation that ‘ destroyed ’ the common lands failed to remember that , although the commons may have contributed to ‘ the independence and dignity so striking in the demeanour of the Spanish peasant ’ , the price of these social benefits was a level of agricultural production that precluded progress .
nevertheless critics of liberal legislation that ‘ destroyed ’ the common lands failed to remember that , although the commons may have contributed to ‘ the independence and dignity so striking in the demeanour of the spanish peasant ’ , the price of these social benefits was a level of agricultural production that [prevented] progress .

Drought — Spain is the only major European country where over large areas rainfall is less than fifteen inches a year — precluded such changes on the secano .
drought — spain is the only major european country where over large areas rainfall is less than fifteen inches a year — [prevented] such changes on the secano .

It has been argued that the liberals ' respect for property precluded any satisfaction of land-hungry labourers ( some of whom had seized land in the troubles , a process of which we know nothing ) , and that the abolition of the guilds — again the programme of the eighteenth-century economists — worsened the condition of the small artisan .
it has been argued that the liberals ' respect for property [prevented] any satisfaction of land-hungry labourers ( some of whom had seized land in the troubles , a process of which we know nothing ) , and that the abolition of the guilds — again the programme of the eighteenth-century economists — worsened the condition of the small artisan .

In the libertarian view self-management by no means precluded the establishment of co-ordinated planning and distribution .
in the libertarian view self-management by no means [prevented] the establishment of co-ordinated planning and distribution .

Just as the regime 's handling of industrial relations precluded the emergence of a moderate trade-union movement , so its political stance precluded the emergence of a reformist party with a stake in the status quo comparable to the German Socialist party .
just as the regime 's handling of industrial relations [prevented] the emergence of a moderate trade-union movement , so its political stance [prevented] the emergence of a reformist party with a stake in the status quo comparable to the german socialist party .

Since political values have often been at stake in conflicts over social policy , the very character of the ideological issue has precluded a cool appraisal of all the policy options .
since political values have often been at stake in conflicts over social policy , the very character of the ideological issue has [prevented] a cool appraisal of all the policy options .

The system of credited contributions covers the situation where individuals are precluded through no fault of their own from making payments , because there is no income from which they can be paid .
the system of credited contributions covers the situation where individuals are [prevented] through no fault of their own from making payments , because there is no income from which they can be paid .

that some legislation precluded the continuance of the employment ; or
that some legislation [prevented] the continuance of the employment ; or

Space has sadly precluded any discussion of Wittgenstein 's positive views on epistemology , for which see Wittgenstein ( 1969a ) .
space has sadly [prevented] any discussion of wittgenstein 's positive views on epistemology , for which see wittgenstein ( 1969a ) .

The dictates of continuous recording precluded the luxury afforded actors in the Film Industry — who could learn a few lines , act out one scene , rest , learn a few more lines , and so on .
the dictates of continuous recording [prevented] the luxury afforded actors in the film industry — who could learn a few lines , act out one scene , rest , learn a few more lines , and so on .

On the third party 's appeal , on the question whether assuming the defendants ' illegality to be proved , the defence of ex turpi causa non oritur actio precluded a claim for contribution under the Act of 1978 : —
on the third party 's appeal , on the question whether assuming the defendants ' illegality to be proved , the defence of ex turpi causa non oritur actio [prevented] a claim for contribution under the act of 1978 : —

The United Kingdom and Belgium argue , however , that the registration of a vessel in a member state is not a conditio sine qua non of establishment in that state , since natural persons or companies are not precluded from operating vessels , even fishing vessels , for instance from the United Kingdom , in the context of operations linked to the territory of that state ; establishment in the United Kingdom in that way would be possible in respect of any vessel registered in one of the other member states .
the united kingdom and belgium argue , however , that the registration of a vessel in a member state is not a conditio sine qua non of establishment in that state , since natural persons or companies are not [prevented] from operating vessels , even fishing vessels , for instance from the united kingdom , in the context of operations linked to the territory of that state ; establishment in the united kingdom in that way would be possible in respect of any vessel registered in one of the other member states .

Once he had obtained a post mortem report identifying the medical cause of death , that was taken to be the sole cause of death : the coroner reached the conclusion that there could be no other cause and so he precluded himself from considering lack of care as a cause .
once he had obtained a post mortem report identifying the medical cause of death , that was taken to be the sole cause of death : the coroner reached the conclusion that there could be no other cause and so he [prevented] himself from considering lack of care as a cause .

By a notice of motion dated 14 February 1992 the local authority appealed against those parts of the order which directed that there should be no contact between the father and the girl until after the local authority review and that there should be supervised contact between the girl and her half-sister , on the grounds that ( 1 ) the justices had been wrong in law in failing to invite the parties to comment on the agreed proposals for contact ; ( 2 ) the justices had been wrong in law in failing to indicate to the parties the nature of the orders for contact which they proposed to make , thereby depriving the parties of the opportunity to make submissions relating to those proposals ; ( 3 ) the justices had wrongly exercised their discretion in authorising the local authority to refuse contact to the girl by the father for only six months when they had found as a fact , inter alia , that the father had abused the girl over a period of at least 18 months ; ( 4 ) the justices had been wrong to impose the condition of supervision on contact between the girl and her half-sister when there had been no application for such contact to be supervised , the evidence was that the half-sister had been enjoying unsupervised contact and that there was no evidence that there was any risk of the girl coming into contact with her father while having contact with her half-sister , and the justices had heard evidence that the local authority were considering placing the girl with her half-sister and by their order they had precluded the local authority from making such a placement and had fettered the discretion of the local authority ; and ( 5 ) the order was therefore contrary to the girl 's best interests .
by a notice of motion dated 14 february 1992 the local authority appealed against those parts of the order which directed that there should be no contact between the father and the girl until after the local authority review and that there should be supervised contact between the girl and her half-sister , on the grounds that ( 1 ) the justices had been wrong in law in failing to invite the parties to comment on the agreed proposals for contact ; ( 2 ) the justices had been wrong in law in failing to indicate to the parties the nature of the orders for contact which they proposed to make , thereby depriving the parties of the opportunity to make submissions relating to those proposals ; ( 3 ) the justices had wrongly exercised their discretion in authorising the local authority to refuse contact to the girl by the father for only six months when they had found as a fact , inter alia , that the father had abused the girl over a period of at least 18 months ; ( 4 ) the justices had been wrong to impose the condition of supervision on contact between the girl and her half-sister when there had been no application for such contact to be supervised , the evidence was that the half-sister had been enjoying unsupervised contact and that there was no evidence that there was any risk of the girl coming into contact with her father while having contact with her half-sister , and the justices had heard evidence that the local authority were considering placing the girl with her half-sister and by their order they had [prevented] the local authority from making such a placement and had fettered the discretion of the local authority ; and ( 5 ) the order was therefore contrary to the girl 's best interests .

By a notice of appeal dated 23 April 1992 the Treasury Solicitor appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) on a true construction of the Evidence ( Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions ) Act 1975 the court was precluded from making the order for examination ; ( 2 ) the deputy judge had erred in law in making the order and in holding that ( i ) it was possible to interpret section 9(4) of the Act so as not to preclude the order sought , ( ii ) the exclusion contained in section 9(4) was restricted to cases where the actual capacity in which the witness was called on to give evidence was a Crown capacity and that the fact that the evidence sought was acquired in the course of the witness 's employment as a servant of the Crown was not of itself sufficient to bring the case within the exclusion , ( iii ) the fact that the witness was now retired from his position was relevant to the question whether the exclusion in section 9(4) applied , ( iv ) if some other interpretation were possible , it would be unacceptable to approach section 9(4) as requiring the court to refuse to make the order that a witness who was competent and compellable within the United Kingdom should give evidence for foreign proceedings , ( v ) there was nothing in the material sought to be given in evidence which it could have been the policy or intention of the Act to have prevented being explored ; ( 3 ) the deputy judge had erred in law in approaching the question of capacity by concentrating on the position of the witness at the time that the evidence was to be given as opposed to the position of the witness at the time that he acquired the information which was the subject matter of the evidence and the nature content and source of such evidence ; ( 4 ) the judge had wrongly ignored the fact that the Crown as a party to the Hague Convention was in a position to give effect to it and to provide evidence to foreign courts in accordance with it without recourse to the court ; and ( 5 ) the judge had wrongly approached section 9(4) on the footing that it most likely addressed prejudice to the sovereignty of the state .
by a notice of appeal dated 23 april 1992 the treasury solicitor appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) on a true construction of the evidence ( proceedings in other jurisdictions ) act 1975 the court was [prevented] from making the order for examination ; ( 2 ) the deputy judge had erred in law in making the order and in holding that ( i ) it was possible to interpret section 9(4) of the act so as not to preclude the order sought , ( ii ) the exclusion contained in section 9(4) was restricted to cases where the actual capacity in which the witness was called on to give evidence was a crown capacity and that the fact that the evidence sought was acquired in the course of the witness 's employment as a servant of the crown was not of itself sufficient to bring the case within the exclusion , ( iii ) the fact that the witness was now retired from his position was relevant to the question whether the exclusion in section 9(4) applied , ( iv ) if some other interpretation were possible , it would be unacceptable to approach section 9(4) as requiring the court to refuse to make the order that a witness who was competent and compellable within the united kingdom should give evidence for foreign proceedings , ( v ) there was nothing in the material sought to be given in evidence which it could have been the policy or intention of the act to have prevented being explored ; ( 3 ) the deputy judge had erred in law in approaching the question of capacity by concentrating on the position of the witness at the time that the evidence was to be given as opposed to the position of the witness at the time that he acquired the information which was the subject matter of the evidence and the nature content and source of such evidence ; ( 4 ) the judge had wrongly ignored the fact that the crown as a party to the hague convention was in a position to give effect to it and to provide evidence to foreign courts in accordance with it without recourse to the court ; and ( 5 ) the judge had wrongly approached section 9(4) on the footing that it most likely addressed prejudice to the sovereignty of the state .

Perfectionist in all things , he declined to continue painting once a slight deterioration in eyesight precluded the extreme clarity he sought .
perfectionist in all things , he declined to continue painting once a slight deterioration in eyesight [prevented] the extreme clarity he sought .

As a lecturer , committee man , writer , and teacher of Irish , Pearse was respected within the Gaelic League for his dedication and high-mindedness , though his reserve precluded popularity .
as a lecturer , committee man , writer , and teacher of irish , pearse was respected within the gaelic league for his dedication and high-mindedness , though his reserve [prevented] popularity .

The Law Society put forward rather wider proposals in 1964 , which would have included cases in which on appeal it appears that the inferior court was precluded from reaching a just decision by virtue of the doctrine of precedent .
the law society put forward rather wider proposals in 1964 , which would have included cases in which on appeal it appears that the inferior court was [prevented] from reaching a just decision by virtue of the doctrine of precedent .

The Criminal Law Revision Committee 's conviction that both rape and incest should be confined to vaginal penetration by the penis , has precluded any discussion in its Report of gender neutrality in either context .
the criminal law revision committee 's conviction that both rape and incest should be confined to vaginal penetration by the penis , has [prevented] any discussion in its report of gender neutrality in either context .

The most significant objection , however , was that it would have precluded private prosecutions , the importance of which was amply illustrated several years ago by the Glasgow rape case .
the most significant objection , however , was that it would have [prevented] private prosecutions , the importance of which was amply illustrated several years ago by the glasgow rape case .

Implementation ‘ has been precluded for a number of years by the absence of realistic resources to undertake the task ( in terms of funding and/or staff ) .
implementation ‘ has been [prevented] for a number of years by the absence of realistic resources to undertake the task ( in terms of funding and/or staff ) .

Goats are highly susceptible to Haemonchus contortus particularly when they are precluded from browsing and derive all their food intake from pasture .
goats are highly susceptible to haemonchus contortus particularly when they are [prevented] from browsing and derive all their food intake from pasture .

Unfortunately her oath precluded her ever being able to use it .
unfortunately her oath [prevented] her ever being able to use it .

It also precluded adequate rational adjustment to the market .
it also [prevented] adequate rational adjustment to the market .

Involuntary unemployment and enforced leisure are Keynesian concepts which are precluded by assumption .
involuntary unemployment and enforced leisure are keynesian concepts which are [prevented] by assumption .

The expert is not precluded from taking this role unless the parties agree to prohibit him from doing so .
the expert is not [prevented] from taking this role unless the parties agree to prohibit him from doing so .

Example 4:10 Tenant 's power to make time of the essence ( 1 ) if the landlord fails to take any step in the procedure for rent review within a period of time prescribed by this lease ( whether or not that step could also have been taken by the tenant ) the tenant may give the landlord written notice : ( a ) referring to the step which the landlord has failed to take ( b ) requiring the landlord to take that step within such period of not less than 21 days as may be specified in the notice and ( c ) informing the landlord that if he fails to take that step within the period specified in the notice he will be precluded thereafter from taking it and that time is of the essence of the period so specified ( 2 ) if the landlord fails to take the step specified in a notice under paragraph ( 1 ) within the time specified in that notice ( time being of the essence ) he shall thereafter be precluded from taking it
example 4:10 tenant 's power to make time of the essence ( 1 ) if the landlord fails to take any step in the procedure for rent review within a period of time prescribed by this lease ( whether or not that step could also have been taken by the tenant ) the tenant may give the landlord written notice : ( a ) referring to the step which the landlord has failed to take ( b ) requiring the landlord to take that step within such period of not less than 21 days as may be specified in the notice and ( c ) informing the landlord that if he fails to take that step within the period specified in the notice he will be [prevented] thereafter from taking it and that time is of the essence of the period so specified ( 2 ) if the landlord fails to take the step specified in a notice under paragraph ( 1 ) within the time specified in that notice ( time being of the essence ) he shall thereafter be [prevented] from taking it

Precluded from serving in the House of Commons are those who are disqualified from voting , as well as policemen , civil servants , judges , members of the boards of nationalized industries , undischarged bankrupts , members of the armed services , and clergy of the Churches of England , Scotland , Ireland , and the Roman Catholic Church .
[prevented] from serving in the house of commons are those who are disqualified from voting , as well as policemen , civil servants , judges , members of the boards of nationalized industries , undischarged bankrupts , members of the armed services , and clergy of the churches of england , scotland , ireland , and the roman catholic church .

However , Clark argues that this exception is more apparent than real , arising from methodological procedures which essentially precluded scope for contrast .
however , clark argues that this exception is more apparent than real , arising from methodological procedures which essentially [prevented] scope for contrast .

Lloyd finds this paradigm wanting in various respects , and proceeds to develop an alternative approach in which the non-verbal channel of communication is precluded by asking children to communicate by telephone on a route-finding task .
lloyd finds this paradigm wanting in various respects , and proceeds to develop an alternative approach in which the non-verbal channel of communication is [prevented] by asking children to communicate by telephone on a route-finding task .

For instance , for one Spanish/English speaker , the adoption of leche for ‘ milk ’ , temporarily precluded use of milk .
for instance , for one spanish/english speaker , the adoption of leche for ‘ milk ’ , temporarily [prevented] use of milk .

And for an English/French speaker , adoption of bird for a short time precluded oiseau Once such children realize they are dealing with two languages , however , they begin to use labels from both languages for the same category , both leche and milk They start to do this once they themselves can produce about 150–200 words ( Taeschner , 1983 ) .
and for an english/french speaker , adoption of bird for a short time [prevented] oiseau once such children realize they are dealing with two languages , however , they begin to use labels from both languages for the same category , both leche and milk they start to do this once they themselves can produce about 150–200 words ( taeschner , 1983 ) .

This is one of the few indications that Eliot gave of the fact that , in the periods between illness when he carried on with his ordinary duties in London ( as much as anyone 's life was `` ordinary `` then ) , he experienced the horror of the German raids : the nightly bombings , the streets blocked with rubble , the glow in the evening as fires burned throughout the city , and the peculiarly dank smell of ruined buildings : it was this which provoked fear , precluded concentration on other things , and destroyed the will to work .
this is one of the few indications that eliot gave of the fact that , in the periods between illness when he carried on with his ordinary duties in london ( as much as anyone 's life was `` ordinary `` then ) , he experienced the horror of the german raids : the nightly bombings , the streets blocked with rubble , the glow in the evening as fires burned throughout the city , and the peculiarly dank smell of ruined buildings : it was this which provoked fear , [prevented] concentration on other things , and destroyed the will to work .

He was in his forty-first year when he entered the House of Commons , six months over the watershed which Joseph Chamberlain , thirty years before , had thought was the limit if a fully effective parliamentary career was not to be precluded .
he was in his forty-first year when he entered the house of commons , six months over the watershed which joseph chamberlain , thirty years before , had thought was the limit if a fully effective parliamentary career was not to be [prevented] .

Shareholders were precluded from intervening in the ordinary business of the company , no longer being entitled to issue instructions to the directors as to how to exercise their powers .
shareholders were [prevented] from intervening in the ordinary business of the company , no longer being entitled to issue instructions to the directors as to how to exercise their powers .

Although the shareholders no longer exercised the direct control of principals over the directors as their agents , the model nevertheless asserts that any danger that the directors might use their considerable discretionary powers to manage the business in their own interest is precluded .
although the shareholders no longer exercised the direct control of principals over the directors as their agents , the model nevertheless asserts that any danger that the directors might use their considerable discretionary powers to manage the business in their own interest is [prevented] .

It is precluded because the model gives power to the shareholders to appoint and dismiss the directors and power to supervise them once they are in office .
it is [prevented] because the model gives power to the shareholders to appoint and dismiss the directors and power to supervise them once they are in office .

The male-orientation of the deviancy literature is almost certain to have precluded the study of certain patterns of behaviour which constitute deviant ways of behaving for the female half of the population .
the male-orientation of the deviancy literature is almost certain to have [prevented] the study of certain patterns of behaviour which constitute deviant ways of behaving for the female half of the population .

By tradition , Lords of Appeal in Ordinary , current or retired , are not precluded from contributing the fruits of their judicial experience and legal expertise to debates in the Lords .
by tradition , lords of appeal in ordinary , current or retired , are not [prevented] from contributing the fruits of their judicial experience and legal expertise to debates in the lords .

Eschewing undue optimism , and the constant pressure from the pincers precluded any such temptation , the White Paper irradiated a belief in the importance of scrutinizing the causes of crime , calmly and dispassionately , in order to ascertain more effectively methods of combating it .
eschewing undue optimism , and the constant pressure from the pincers [prevented] any such temptation , the white paper irradiated a belief in the importance of scrutinizing the causes of crime , calmly and dispassionately , in order to ascertain more effectively methods of combating it .

One reason was that it incorporated a most-favoured-nation rule that precluded bilateral deals and thus limited collective agreements to the willingness of the least cooperative member .
one reason was that it incorporated a most-favoured-nation rule that [prevented] bilateral deals and thus limited collective agreements to the willingness of the least cooperative member .

The politically optimal policy toward the foreigner may be precluded by the inequality of factors affecting the balance of bargaining .
the politically optimal policy toward the foreigner may be [prevented] by the inequality of factors affecting the balance of bargaining .

The whole peasant outlook precluded them from meekly submitting to the dictates of the market .
the whole peasant outlook [prevented] them from meekly submitting to the dictates of the market .

Take correcting and the locking up of formes for instance : Margaret Irwin regarded women as precluded from some of these tasks by physical incapacity . ``
take correcting and the locking up of formes for instance : margaret irwin regarded women as [prevented] from some of these tasks by physical incapacity . ``

: Police committees , therefore , are precluded from either directing or even questioning the chief constable on operational matters ( Loveday 1983 ) .
: police committees , therefore , are [prevented] from either directing or even questioning the chief constable on operational matters ( loveday 1983 ) .

Heroes like Gilgamesh or Heracles have unconscious homosexual inclinations because they are misogynistic — that is , because the female love-object is precluded by the conflict with her and because the homosexual equivalent is at least in part pre-determined by the fact that the mother-figure is perceived as essentially phallic .
heroes like gilgamesh or heracles have unconscious homosexual inclinations because they are misogynistic — that is , because the female love-object is [prevented] by the conflict with her and because the homosexual equivalent is at least in part pre-determined by the fact that the mother-figure is perceived as essentially phallic .

Patients were excluded from the study if they were already taking steroids , had evidence of intestinal perforation , significant intestinal obstruction , toxic megacolon , massive gastrointestinal haemorrhage , or mid-jejunal fistulas that precluded the use of enteral nutrition .
patients were excluded from the study if they were already taking steroids , had evidence of intestinal perforation , significant intestinal obstruction , toxic megacolon , massive gastrointestinal haemorrhage , or mid-jejunal fistulas that [prevented] the use of enteral nutrition .

Analysis of survival by microbiological diagnosis was done with total events since the small number of definite diagnoses in each patient category precluded the use of the Kaplan-Meier approach .
analysis of survival by microbiological diagnosis was done with total events since the small number of definite diagnoses in each patient category [prevented] the use of the kaplan-meier approach .

10–8 ( b ) is precluded as the natural rate will obtain .
10–8 ( b ) is [prevented] as the natural rate will obtain .

He had tried to feel inside his mouth to see if any teeth were broken or missing , but the great bulk of his boxing-glove precluded any such investigation .
he had tried to feel inside his mouth to see if any teeth were broken or missing , but the great bulk of his boxing-glove [prevented] any such investigation .

Not all of it could be joined together prior to delivery as size precluded it from being transported in one piece .
not all of it could be joined together prior to delivery as size [prevented] it from being transported in one piece .

Luke Travis 's manner of interviewing had precluded her asking many questions about the work .
luke travis 's manner of interviewing had [prevented] her asking many questions about the work .

Satisfied customers … ’ His thick furry voice almost precluded the use of finite verbs .
satisfied customers … ’ his thick furry voice almost [prevented] the use of finite verbs .

That is not surprising , because it is inconceivable that we would have used a nuclear weapon in those circumstances , not least because of the negative security assurances which positively precluded their use in such circumstances .
that is not surprising , because it is inconceivable that we would have used a nuclear weapon in those circumstances , not least because of the negative security assurances which positively [prevented] their use in such circumstances .

where goods are so ] d by a person who is not their owner , and who does not sell them under the authority or with the consent of the owner , the buyer acquires no better title to the goods than the seller had , unless the owner of the goods is by his conduct precluded from denying the seller 's authority to sell .
where goods are so ] d by a person who is not their owner , and who does not sell them under the authority or with the consent of the owner , the buyer acquires no better title to the goods than the seller had , unless the owner of the goods is by his conduct [prevented] from denying the seller 's authority to sell .

When an estoppel is raised , the original owner is estopped ( precluded ) from asserting that the sale was unauthorised .
when an estoppel is raised , the original owner is estopped ( [prevented] ) from asserting that the sale was unauthorised .

Quite apart from the doctrine of estoppel , there may be another alternative basis on which the owner may be precluded from denying the seller 's authority to sell — namely where the owner has signed a document clearly conveying the implication that the seller is entitled or authorised to sell the goods .
quite apart from the doctrine of estoppel , there may be another alternative basis on which the owner may be [prevented] from denying the seller 's authority to sell — namely where the owner has signed a document clearly conveying the implication that the seller is entitled or authorised to sell the goods .

Thus in Europe , automobiles have been subjected to a good deal of standardization in matters concerning safety and pollution , but that has not precluded the car industry from providing a vast range of choice in terms of styling and performance .
thus in europe , automobiles have been subjected to a good deal of standardization in matters concerning safety and pollution , but that has not [prevented] the car industry from providing a vast range of choice in terms of styling and performance .

Maria shook her head angrily , aware of the futility of trying to explain the dilemma she had faced all those years ago to a man whose self-centredness precluded his ever having had to make a choice between his own interests and someone else 's .
maria shook her head angrily , aware of the futility of trying to explain the dilemma she had faced all those years ago to a man whose self-centredness [prevented] his ever having had to make a choice between his own interests and someone else 's .

Their passion precluded tenderness , their lovemaking nearly fighting , and Maria could almost believe that that was really what it was , else how could Luke continue to deny her and himself like this ?
their passion [prevented] tenderness , their lovemaking nearly fighting , and maria could almost believe that that was really what it was , else how could luke continue to deny her and himself like this ?

The hard set of his face precluded any such confession , however .
the hard set of his face [prevented] any such confession , however .

Moreover , the bankruptcy of the Spanish Treasury precluded the import of foodstuffs from abroad .
moreover , the bankruptcy of the spanish treasury [prevented] the import of foodstuffs from abroad .

This did not reflect a desire to be impartial , but recognition that Spain 's objective economic and military weakness precluded any other option at this stage .
this did not reflect a desire to be impartial , but recognition that spain 's objective economic and military weakness [prevented] any other option at this stage .

But , then , the Francoist idea of parliament precluded discussion and dissent , in the same way that these two concepts were excluded from every area of social and political life under Francoism .
but , then , the francoist idea of parliament [prevented] discussion and dissent , in the same way that these two concepts were excluded from every area of social and political life under francoism .

Within the Main Library , all consultations had to be recorded by signature of the declaration form at the front of each thesis , but this was not rigorously enforced in the departmental libraries , largely due to staff shortages which precluded adequate supervision .
within the main library , all consultations had to be recorded by signature of the declaration form at the front of each thesis , but this was not rigorously enforced in the departmental libraries , largely due to staff shortages which [prevented] adequate supervision .

But hitherto that interest had been merely one among many ; his temperament had precluded any drastic specialization , and he worked on an almost random variety of Greek topics , with a discernible bias only towards philosophy .
but hitherto that interest had been merely one among many ; his temperament had [prevented] any drastic specialization , and he worked on an almost random variety of greek topics , with a discernible bias only towards philosophy .

their study design , however , precluded the normal physiological interactions between dietary calcium , phosphate , fatty acids , and bile acids in the small and large intestine .
their study design , however , [prevented] the normal physiological interactions between dietary calcium , phosphate , fatty acids , and bile acids in the small and large intestine .

In these studies , multiple treatment variables with relatively few patients in each risk factor group have precluded detection of changes in the healing rate associated with non-pharmacological risk factors whose effects are usually smaller than those due to ulcer therapy .
in these studies , multiple treatment variables with relatively few patients in each risk factor group have [prevented] detection of changes in the healing rate associated with non-pharmacological risk factors whose effects are usually smaller than those due to ulcer therapy .

It is noted that the diagnosis in two of the patients who died was hepatocellular carcinoma and it may be that referral of these patients was precluded because of this .
it is noted that the diagnosis in two of the patients who died was hepatocellular carcinoma and it may be that referral of these patients was [prevented] because of this .

whose option choices precluded Art ) could still do it after school as an additional subject and that we do get some of them through ( verified note of meeting ) .
whose option choices [prevented] art ) could still do it after school as an additional subject and that we do get some of them through ( verified note of meeting ) .

The two wingers were , in the manager 's words , ‘ brilliant against Poland at Wembley ’ , but tactical considerations had already precluded their selection in tandem next week .
the two wingers were , in the manager 's words , ‘ brilliant against poland at wembley ’ , but tactical considerations had already [prevented] their selection in tandem next week .

It was not just her station in life which precluded choice but life itself and she felt foolish not to have realised this long ago .
it was not just her station in life which [prevented] choice but life itself and she felt foolish not to have realised this long ago .

Because of the reef , there was no port ; this precluded a military base .
because of the reef , there was no port ; this [prevented] a military base .

The secret nature of the enterprise precluded advertising .
the secret nature of the enterprise [prevented] advertising .

Many senior members probably preferred the style , activities and energy of the Artisans but were precluded from joining because they did not qualify , i.e .
many senior members probably preferred the style , activities and energy of the artisans but were [prevented] from joining because they did not qualify , i.e .

At the 1979 Annual General Meeting the members were again vocal about bondholders , this time with particular reference to the frequent incidence of bondholders being elected by the members at large , and usually without their bondholding being known , a situation not precluded by the Rules .
at the 1979 annual general meeting the members were again vocal about bondholders , this time with particular reference to the frequent incidence of bondholders being elected by the members at large , and usually without their bondholding being known , a situation not [prevented] by the rules .

In the moment of performing a task this recall of the past is precluded but when the ongoing continuum can be switched to ‘ automatic ’ the lines are cleared and old problems are worked over again .
in the moment of performing a task this recall of the past is [prevented] but when the ongoing continuum can be switched to ‘ automatic ’ the lines are cleared and old problems are worked over again .

This may involve a narrowing of consciousness , a division of awareness into a more- and a less-focal area , a widening of consciousness until it has no especial object , or a flickering of consciousness when steady attending is for some reason precluded .
this may involve a narrowing of consciousness , a division of awareness into a more- and a less-focal area , a widening of consciousness until it has no especial object , or a flickering of consciousness when steady attending is for some reason [prevented] .

Five subsections were supervised by eight ‘ technical staff ’ , whose title by implication precluded them from taking political decisions .
five subsections were supervised by eight ‘ technical staff ’ , whose title by implication [prevented] them from taking political decisions .

The plaintiff accepted they were precluded from re-litigating whether the road verges were registrable under the Act , by the commisioner 's decision , which they conceded gave rise to cause of action estoppel , but said the requirements of issue estoppel were lacking .
the plaintiff accepted they were [prevented] from re-litigating whether the road verges were registrable under the act , by the commisioner 's decision , which they conceded gave rise to cause of action estoppel , but said the requirements of issue estoppel were lacking .

He distinguished between ‘ l'aventure d'une écriture ’ and ‘ l'écriture d'une aventure ’ : this precluded the existence of a pre-verbal , pre-textual domain .
he distinguished between ‘ l'aventure d'une écriture ’ and ‘ l'écriture d'une aventure ’ : this [prevented] the existence of a pre-verbal , pre-textual domain .

The driving force of the rain precluded conversation , sealed each of us in with his own thoughts .
the driving force of the rain [prevented] conversation , sealed each of us in with his own thoughts .

Banks shall also be precluded from having any interest in , selling or receiving commissions from Life Assurance , Pensions and investment business .
banks shall also be [prevented] from having any interest in , selling or receiving commissions from life assurance , pensions and investment business .

In most ways this book reflected great credit on both poets , and was affecting evidence of their mutual trust , of how their common dedication to the poetic calling had precluded any taint of rivalry or wounded amour-propre .
in most ways this book reflected great credit on both poets , and was affecting evidence of their mutual trust , of how their common dedication to the poetic calling had [prevented] any taint of rivalry or wounded amour-propre .

Data sets precluded from analysis are well documented , but the great bulk of typical experimental data will be handled .
data sets [prevented] from analysis are well documented , but the great bulk of typical experimental data will be handled .

But because Lord Elton 's team was established as a Committee of Enquiry to look into a serious and immediate problem , it was precluded by its terms of reference from addressing the more fundamental questions concerning the conflict between teachers ' autonomy and children 's rights .
but because lord elton 's team was established as a committee of enquiry to look into a serious and immediate problem , it was [prevented] by its terms of reference from addressing the more fundamental questions concerning the conflict between teachers ' autonomy and children 's rights .

The mace was particularly favoured by militant churchmen , who argued that although the scriptures forbade the shedding of blood , and thus precluded them from wielding swords , the mace was a crushing implement and thus avoided such religious bans altogether .
the mace was particularly favoured by militant churchmen , who argued that although the scriptures forbade the shedding of blood , and thus [prevented] them from wielding swords , the mace was a crushing implement and thus avoided such religious bans altogether .

This , the Younger Committee , reported in 1972 and its report is still a classic ; it covered a wide range of activities and technological developments which might be intrusive , although it was precluded from considering the activities of government departments and other public sector organisations — a limitation about which it protested .
this , the younger committee , reported in 1972 and its report is still a classic ; it covered a wide range of activities and technological developments which might be intrusive , although it was [prevented] from considering the activities of government departments and other public sector organisations — a limitation about which it protested .

Here again , however , the terms of reference of the Committee were not entirely congenial — in its anxiety not to open Pandora 's box too wide the Home Office expressly precluded the Committee from considering traditional manual or non-electronic information systems .
here again , however , the terms of reference of the committee were not entirely congenial — in its anxiety not to open pandora 's box too wide the home office expressly [prevented] the committee from considering traditional manual or non-electronic information systems .

While these could be used on the Promenade , their length and awkward entrances precluded their use around town .
while these could be used on the promenade , their length and awkward entrances [prevented] their use around town .

He feels that he should have heeded those who said that political relations between state and industry in France , and between France and the Third World , precluded the autonomous international centre he had envisaged .
he feels that he should have heeded those who said that political relations between state and industry in france , and between france and the third world , [prevented] the autonomous international centre he had envisaged .

The resulting openings , devoid of protective vegetation cover , were then subject to erosion which in turn precluded regeneration .
the resulting openings , devoid of protective vegetation cover , were then subject to erosion which in turn [prevented] regeneration .

Previously , however , the worst effects were largely avoided by a combination of the expertise of the cartographer , who knew about the inherent generalization implicit in analogue maps , while the difficulty of manipulating maps by manual means precluded most forms of analysis likely to be sensitive to the effects of error .
previously , however , the worst effects were largely avoided by a combination of the expertise of the cartographer , who knew about the inherent generalization implicit in analogue maps , while the difficulty of manipulating maps by manual means [prevented] most forms of analysis likely to be sensitive to the effects of error .

Particularly if we who favor endogenous dynamics are correct , I am precluded from arguing that biospheres endogenously always increase their adjacent possible .
particularly if we who favor endogenous dynamics are correct , i am [prevented] from arguing that biospheres endogenously always increase their adjacent possible .

Unfortunately , the creative ferment by no means precluded new horrors of war , assassination , persecution , plunder , and rape .
unfortunately , the creative ferment by no means [prevented] new horrors of war , assassination , persecution , plunder , and rape .

According to NHTSA 's legal analysis detailed in the Supplementary Information , section 330 of the Appropriations Act precluded the agency from prescribing any CAFE standard different from the most recent standards prescribed at the time of its enactment -- those applicable to model year 1997 .
according to nhtsa 's legal analysis detailed in the supplementary information , section 330 of the appropriations act [prevented] the agency from prescribing any cafe standard different from the most recent standards prescribed at the time of its enactment -- those applicable to model year 1997 .

Rust rejected a similar argument : `` Petitioners contend , however , that most Title X cli SCALIA , J. , dissenting ents are effectively precluded by indigency and poverty from seeing a health-care provider who will provide abortion-related services .
rust rejected a similar argument : `` petitioners contend , however , that most title x cli scalia , j. , dissenting ents are effectively [prevented] by indigency and poverty from seeing a health-care provider who will provide abortion-related services .

If the prices of the basic category were regulated and precluded from going above a certain level , as might occur under a price cap arrangement , but the Postal Service were given the freedom to adjust the discount and therefore the workshare price , a natural question would concern the extent to which the Postal Service 's net income ( hereinafter often called profits ) could be changed by changing the discount , and how this change would compare with the welfare effects on mailers .
if the prices of the basic category were regulated and [prevented] from going above a certain level , as might occur under a price cap arrangement , but the postal service were given the freedom to adjust the discount and therefore the workshare price , a natural question would concern the extent to which the postal service 's net income ( hereinafter often called profits ) could be changed by changing the discount , and how this change would compare with the welfare effects on mailers .

The attorney told investigators that the NSA caveats would not have precluded criminal agents from joining in any search for Mihdhar or from participating in any interview .
the attorney told investigators that the nsa caveats would not have [prevented] criminal agents from joining in any search for mihdhar or from participating in any interview .

In December 1999 , NSA began placing caveats on all of its Bin Ladin reports that precluded sharing of any of the reports ' contents with criminal prosecutors or FBI agents investigating criminal matters without first obtaining OIPR 's permission .
in december 1999 , nsa began placing caveats on all of its bin ladin reports that [prevented] sharing of any of the reports ' contents with criminal prosecutors or fbi agents investigating criminal matters without first obtaining oipr 's permission .

Thus , at this point , patients whose tumors test negative for EGFR mutations should not necessarily be precluded from treatment with either gefitinib or erlotinib .
thus , at this point , patients whose tumors test negative for egfr mutations should not necessarily be [prevented] from treatment with either gefitinib or erlotinib .

He claimed to have `` only one goal in life ... to make landscapes , '' a commitment that precluded any other `` serious attachment , '' including marriage .
he claimed to have `` only one goal in life ... to make landscapes , '' a commitment that [prevented] any other `` serious attachment , '' including marriage .

For their part , the British claimed that laissez-faire policy precluded intervention in the market to halt the crisis , and that the Irish needed to pull themselves up by their own bootstraps .
for their part , the british claimed that laissez-faire policy [prevented] intervention in the market to halt the crisis , and that the irish needed to pull themselves up by their own bootstraps .

