Hubie's restaurant activities up in Lorain , Ohio , may preclude his return here until after Oct. 20 , date set for reopening the Heilman Restaurant on Sunman Restaurant on Sunrise .
hubie's restaurant activities up in lorain , ohio , may [prevent] his return here until after oct. 20 , date set for reopening the heilman restaurant on sunman restaurant on sunrise .

Only confusion , failure and anarchy result when the effort is made to impose upon the civil authority the impossible task of policing private homes to preclude the possibility of sin .
only confusion , failure and anarchy result when the effort is made to impose upon the civil authority the impossible task of policing private homes to [prevent] the possibility of sin .

Declinations and substitutions are better received when he explains why his obligations to his institution preclude his acceptance .
declinations and substitutions are better received when he explains why his obligations to his institution [prevent] his acceptance .

Lime white , hard and brilliant , has a tendency to `` jump '' away from the other colors in drying , and also by its capacity to set , to preclude the use of ready-made gradations , so useful in decorative work .
lime white , hard and brilliant , has a tendency to `` jump '' away from the other colors in drying , and also by its capacity to set , to [prevent] the use of ready-made gradations , so useful in decorative work .

To say tax cuts preclude investment is ridiculous .
to say tax cuts [prevent] investment is ridiculous .

The complications caused by injuries to Goram , Gough , Steven , Ferguson , Huistra and Robertson preclude team selection and tactical planning for the Belgians ' visit and place a considerable burden on Walter Smith 's shoulders .
the complications caused by injuries to goram , gough , steven , ferguson , huistra and robertson [prevent] team selection and tactical planning for the belgians ' visit and place a considerable burden on walter smith 's shoulders .

This of course , does not preclude parents contacting the School whenever necessary .
this of course , does not [prevent] parents contacting the school whenever necessary .

Failure to establish guilt in the criminal court does not preclude consideration of a child 's need for protection in which the child 's welfare will be paramount .
failure to establish guilt in the criminal court does not [prevent] consideration of a child 's need for protection in which the child 's welfare will be paramount .

Although the reach of the top horn only extends as far as the 14th fret ( which could spell balance problems given such a long neck ) the body does have a pronounced lower bout , with the face-mounted bridge situated quite well back ; this relocated mass helps to preclude potential neck-heaviness .
although the reach of the top horn only extends as far as the 14th fret ( which could spell balance problems given such a long neck ) the body does have a pronounced lower bout , with the face-mounted bridge situated quite well back ; this relocated mass helps to [prevent] potential neck-heaviness .

This might be interpreted as an indication that it is not his purpose or intention to present a systematic , coherent and consistent Advaitin account of the concept of Truth or God after the fashion of Śankara , the principal exponent of non-dualism , and that what could be said concerning the metaphysical basis of his thought is that although it purports to be Advaitin it does not preclude the possibility of Dvaita , or Dualist , and Viśi ādvaita , or qualified non-Dualist interpretations of the nature of reality .
this might be interpreted as an indication that it is not his purpose or intention to present a systematic , coherent and consistent advaitin account of the concept of truth or god after the fashion of śankara , the principal exponent of non-dualism , and that what could be said concerning the metaphysical basis of his thought is that although it purports to be advaitin it does not [prevent] the possibility of dvaita , or dualist , and viśi ādvaita , or qualified non-dualist interpretations of the nature of reality .

Such an approach would preclude an understanding of what Gandhi means by talking to God .
such an approach would [prevent] an understanding of what gandhi means by talking to god .

You are bound to meet some people and some situations which preclude speechreading .
you are bound to meet some people and some situations which [prevent] speechreading .

The sheer quantity of such imports might preclude tribute being the mechanism of transmission to Kent , but if a material exchange was involved we must look to the area of consumables to fill the other half of the transaction , for durable Kentish items are known , but are rare , on the Continent .
the sheer quantity of such imports might [prevent] tribute being the mechanism of transmission to kent , but if a material exchange was involved we must look to the area of consumables to fill the other half of the transaction , for durable kentish items are known , but are rare , on the continent .

They should be invited , where practicable , to attend part , or if appropriate , the whole of the case conference unless , in the view of the Chairman of the conference , their presence would preclude a full and proper consideration of the child 's interests .
they should be invited , where practicable , to attend part , or if appropriate , the whole of the case conference unless , in the view of the chairman of the conference , their presence would [prevent] a full and proper consideration of the child 's interests .

It did not , of course , preclude a wire-tap upon the instrument , but then Kirov was too professional to use the telephone for anything but legitimate business or private conversation anyway .
it did not , of course , [prevent] a wire-tap upon the instrument , but then kirov was too professional to use the telephone for anything but legitimate business or private conversation anyway .

They agreed to limit the whole to 23 acres , 13 of which were on his Lordship 's land , and offered 40 years ' purchase of the actual rent — an offer which ‘ we flatter ourselves will preclude the unpleasant necessity of having recourse to the decision of a jury ’ .
they agreed to limit the whole to 23 acres , 13 of which were on his lordship 's land , and offered 40 years ' purchase of the actual rent — an offer which ‘ we flatter ourselves will [prevent] the unpleasant necessity of having recourse to the decision of a jury ’ .

while the material mode of existence is the primum agens this does not preclude the ideological spheres from reacting upon it in their turn .
while the material mode of existence is the primum agens this does not [prevent] the ideological spheres from reacting upon it in their turn .

There is a tendency in Habermas 's theoretical framework to reduce communicative competence to ‘ norms ’ which threatens to preclude a critical account of the social production and reproduction of those norms which the critique of ideology traditionally proposes . Giddens comments that Habermas 's emphasis upon the normative components of interaction is ‘ surprisingly close ’ to Parson 's functionalism :
there is a tendency in habermas 's theoretical framework to reduce communicative competence to ‘ norms ’ which threatens to [prevent] a critical account of the social production and reproduction of those norms which the critique of ideology traditionally proposes . giddens comments that habermas 's emphasis upon the normative components of interaction is ‘ surprisingly close ’ to parson 's functionalism :

And , besides , we need love and approval — and the intrusive nature of these comments could well preclude that .
and , besides , we need love and approval — and the intrusive nature of these comments could well [prevent] that .

That is , if other communications developments do n't preclude this .
that is , if other communications developments do n't [prevent] this .

They have been working successfully for years and apparently preclude the necessity of fertilisers .
they have been working successfully for years and apparently [prevent] the necessity of fertilisers .

Lack of unfair prejudice does not preclude winding-up
lack of unfair prejudice does not [prevent] winding-up

However , the courts have made it clear that the two avenues of approach are still available and this case shows that a failure to establish unfair prejudice does not preclude the winding-up approach .
however , the courts have made it clear that the two avenues of approach are still available and this case shows that a failure to establish unfair prejudice does not [prevent] the winding-up approach .

These data confirm that the direction of transpiration is not reversed during the wound response and preclude movement of a chemical signal out of the wounded tissue via the xylem .
these data confirm that the direction of transpiration is not reversed during the wound response and [prevent] movement of a chemical signal out of the wounded tissue via the xylem .

Although classical criminology clearly portrays humans as being free , responsible and choice-making , this does not preclude their being manipulated .
although classical criminology clearly portrays humans as being free , responsible and choice-making , this does not [prevent] their being manipulated .

In general , there was nothing inherent in Beccaria 's intellectual position to preclude a consideration of the socio-economic context of crime , any more than there was to necessitate his sole concentration on deterrence that was remarked on earlier .
in general , there was nothing inherent in beccaria 's intellectual position to [prevent] a consideration of the socio-economic context of crime , any more than there was to necessitate his sole concentration on deterrence that was remarked on earlier .

Most agree , though , that care management does not preclude social workers from going back to direct work with clients , nor from switching to other areas like child care .
most agree , though , that care management does not [prevent] social workers from going back to direct work with clients , nor from switching to other areas like child care .

The policy confusion at the top did not preclude efficient management lower down .
the policy confusion at the top did not [prevent] efficient management lower down .

In his foreword , Liberman 's intense admiration and respect for Penn does n't preclude a bit of affectionate straight talking : ‘ Penn is not easy to work with .
in his foreword , liberman 's intense admiration and respect for penn does n't [prevent] a bit of affectionate straight talking : ‘ penn is not easy to work with .

As a matter of fact , does n't your concept of ready-mades preclude the idea of a school ?
as a matter of fact , does n't your concept of ready-mades [prevent] the idea of a school ?

Nevertheless , this was the route that France chose to follow as an answer to American pressure , since one of the underlying assumptions was that it would preclude a distinct German army under a separate German command .
nevertheless , this was the route that france chose to follow as an answer to american pressure , since one of the underlying assumptions was that it would [prevent] a distinct german army under a separate german command .

Under these conditions it is necessary to organise all employers operating within the same market to preclude the possibility of a wage increase secured at one firm adversely affecting its competitive position , and therefore employment .
under these conditions it is necessary to organise all employers operating within the same market to [prevent] the possibility of a wage increase secured at one firm adversely affecting its competitive position , and therefore employment .

Further , no single or partial exercise of any such power or right shall preclude any other or further exercise or the exercise of any other such power or right under this Agreement .
further , no single or partial exercise of any such power or right shall [prevent] any other or further exercise or the exercise of any other such power or right under this agreement .

This is not only tiring but may also preclude the child from participating in sports clubs , choir , drama groups or other out-of-school activities .
this is not only tiring but may also [prevent] the child from participating in sports clubs , choir , drama groups or other out-of-school activities .

Promoting a policy of minimal segregation does not , however , preclude the provision of protection from abuse and harm .
promoting a policy of minimal segregation does not , however , [prevent] the provision of protection from abuse and harm .

It is unfair , to say the least , in a country that increasingly believes that incentives should be the dominant motive force , that the interaction of taxation rates and benefit eligibility levels should preclude the least privileged from being able to improve their own lot .
it is unfair , to say the least , in a country that increasingly believes that incentives should be the dominant motive force , that the interaction of taxation rates and benefit eligibility levels should [prevent] the least privileged from being able to improve their own lot .

It does not rule out habitual sniping or genuine interest , preclude competition for students , or prevent the longer-term struggles for academic territory or prestige which characterize the development of the ‘ map of knowledge ’ .
it does not rule out habitual sniping or genuine interest , [prevent] competition for students , or prevent the longer-term struggles for academic territory or prestige which characterize the development of the ‘ map of knowledge ’ .

The so-called applied sciences , such as engineering , agriculture and medicine , are concerned with much the same objects , but from a different stance : they are largely concerned with ‘ doing ’ , although again this does not necessarily preclude ‘ theorizing ’ or ‘ philosophizing ’ .
the so-called applied sciences , such as engineering , agriculture and medicine , are concerned with much the same objects , but from a different stance : they are largely concerned with ‘ doing ’ , although again this does not necessarily [prevent] ‘ theorizing ’ or ‘ philosophizing ’ .

Prerequisite 3 : conditions that preclude maintenance of the status quo Another critical prerequisite is the existence of a set of external conditions that makes the choice of maintaining the status quo either unlikely or impossible .
prerequisite 3 : conditions that [prevent] maintenance of the status quo another critical prerequisite is the existence of a set of external conditions that makes the choice of maintaining the status quo either unlikely or impossible .

However , as the example of Gillray shows , the existence of explicit criticisms does not preclude the continuation of implicit justifications , and vice versa .
however , as the example of gillray shows , the existence of explicit criticisms does not [prevent] the continuation of implicit justifications , and vice versa .

Despite the bias of SSAPs towards private sector profit-making organizations , this should not preclude their applicability , when appropriate , to the public sector , or for that matter , to private sector not-for-profit organizations such as charities .
despite the bias of ssaps towards private sector profit-making organizations , this should not [prevent] their applicability , when appropriate , to the public sector , or for that matter , to private sector not-for-profit organizations such as charities .

Although respect for the bear did not preclude killing it , due apology had to be made , and strict rules governed the disposal of its carcass .
although respect for the bear did not [prevent] killing it , due apology had to be made , and strict rules governed the disposal of its carcass .

The Act does not as a matter of law preclude a court from holding that an action for negligence lies in favour of a person who could formerly have brought an action based on loss of services but in view of the current law on economic loss it seems most unlikely that such a development will occur .
the act does not as a matter of law [prevent] a court from holding that an action for negligence lies in favour of a person who could formerly have brought an action based on loss of services but in view of the current law on economic loss it seems most unlikely that such a development will occur .

This implies that at least 53 % of lone mothers would be classified as unoccupied ; they would have been regarded as economically inactive at the census , and at death registration the instructions to registrars would preclude the recording of any occupational information .
this implies that at least 53 % of lone mothers would be classified as unoccupied ; they would have been regarded as economically inactive at the census , and at death registration the instructions to registrars would [prevent] the recording of any occupational information .

The fact that the endometrial sampling is not listed in the statement of fees and allowances ( section 42 , minor surgery ) as a minor surgical procedure for which payment may be made would preclude most from adding vabra curettage to their repertoire .
the fact that the endometrial sampling is not listed in the statement of fees and allowances ( section 42 , minor surgery ) as a minor surgical procedure for which payment may be made would [prevent] most from adding vabra curettage to their repertoire .

In his foreword , Liberman 's intense admiration and respect for Penn does n't preclude a bit of affectionate straight talking : ‘ Penn is not easy to work with .
in his foreword , liberman 's intense admiration and respect for penn does n't [prevent] a bit of affectionate straight talking : ‘ penn is not easy to work with .

Since Parliament has not conferred complete autonomy on a 16-year-old in the field of medical treatment , there is no overriding limitation to preclude the exercise by the court of its inherent jurisdiction and the matter becomes one for the exercise by the court of its discretion .
since parliament has not conferred complete autonomy on a 16-year-old in the field of medical treatment , there is no overriding limitation to [prevent] the exercise by the court of its inherent jurisdiction and the matter becomes one for the exercise by the court of its discretion .

Provided always that nothing in these restrictions shall preclude Norwich Union from processing any proposal or application form made and dated prior to 31 October 1990 submitted through the Winchester Group or any of its company representatives and entering into any investment contract on the basis of any such a proposal or application form so long as Norwich Union has first satisfied itself that : — ( a ) any such proposal or application form is genuinely made and dated prior to 31 October 1990 ; ( b ) any such proposal or application form is accompanied by a fact find form ; and ( c ) that the fact find form has been fully completed ; and ( d ) that the information shown thereon is sufficient to show that the proposed investment contract which is the subject of the proposal or application form is in the best interests of the investor concerned .
provided always that nothing in these restrictions shall [prevent] norwich union from processing any proposal or application form made and dated prior to 31 october 1990 submitted through the winchester group or any of its company representatives and entering into any investment contract on the basis of any such a proposal or application form so long as norwich union has first satisfied itself that : — ( a ) any such proposal or application form is genuinely made and dated prior to 31 october 1990 ; ( b ) any such proposal or application form is accompanied by a fact find form ; and ( c ) that the fact find form has been fully completed ; and ( d ) that the information shown thereon is sufficient to show that the proposed investment contract which is the subject of the proposal or application form is in the best interests of the investor concerned .

This would seem to preclude any direction being given to a taxing master other than for a taxation on a standard basis or an indemnity basis .
this would seem to [prevent] any direction being given to a taxing master other than for a taxation on a standard basis or an indemnity basis .

If it was really the case that he did not mention the power of attorney when speaking to her on that occasion and left her in ignorance of her responsibilities and status , his failure shows , in my opinion , such a want of care as to preclude him from relying , in support of his non est factum plea , on her ignorance of the power .
if it was really the case that he did not mention the power of attorney when speaking to her on that occasion and left her in ignorance of her responsibilities and status , his failure shows , in my opinion , such a want of care as to [prevent] him from relying , in support of his non est factum plea , on her ignorance of the power .

Section 83 stipulates that section 82 does not preclude the disclosure of information in any case in which disclosure is for the purpose of enabling or assisting the Bank to discharge its functions under the Act .
section 83 stipulates that section 82 does not [prevent] the disclosure of information in any case in which disclosure is for the purpose of enabling or assisting the bank to discharge its functions under the act .

Section 84 provides that section 82 does not preclude the disclosure by the Bank of information to a numerous class of specified persons , including , most significantly , ‘ for the purpose of enabling or assisting an authority in a country or territory outside the United Kingdom to exercise — ( a ) functions corresponding to those of — ( i ) the Bank under this Act : ’ subsection ( 6 ) ( a ) .
section 84 provides that section 82 does not [prevent] the disclosure by the bank of information to a numerous class of specified persons , including , most significantly , ‘ for the purpose of enabling or assisting an authority in a country or territory outside the united kingdom to exercise — ( a ) functions corresponding to those of — ( i ) the bank under this act : ’ subsection ( 6 ) ( a ) .

As far as the registration of fishing vessels was concerned , the Danish Government accepted that Community law had an effect on the criteria adopted by the member states , but only in so far as the application of the general requirements of registration would preclude citizens from other member states from pursuing an economic activity which they were otherwise entitled to pursue .
as far as the registration of fishing vessels was concerned , the danish government accepted that community law had an effect on the criteria adopted by the member states , but only in so far as the application of the general requirements of registration would [prevent] citizens from other member states from pursuing an economic activity which they were otherwise entitled to pursue .

‘ Community law as it now stands … does not preclude a member state , in authorising one of its vessels to fish against national quotas , from laying down conditions designed to ensure that the vessel has a real economic link with that state if that link concerns only the relations between that vessel 's fishing operations and the populations dependent on fisheries and related industries ; …
‘ community law as it now stands … does not [prevent] a member state , in authorising one of its vessels to fish against national quotas , from laying down conditions designed to ensure that the vessel has a real economic link with that state if that link concerns only the relations between that vessel 's fishing operations and the populations dependent on fisheries and related industries ; …

Question ( 4 ) is to be answered in the event that the court should consider that Community law does not preclude nationality , residence and domicile requirements of the type at issue in the main proceedings .
question ( 4 ) is to be answered in the event that the court should consider that community law does not [prevent] nationality , residence and domicile requirements of the type at issue in the main proceedings .

‘ ( 3 ) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 4 ) below , a scheme may preclude the adjudicator , in his determination , from questioning the merits of any decision taken by the society or associated body with reference to … ( b ) the creditworthiness , for the purposes of any advance or other service or facility , of the complainant … but not otherwise .
‘ ( 3 ) subject to sub-paragraph ( 4 ) below , a scheme may [prevent] the adjudicator , in his determination , from questioning the merits of any decision taken by the society or associated body with reference to … ( b ) the creditworthiness , for the purposes of any advance or other service or facility , of the complainant … but not otherwise .

‘ The provisions of articles 30 to 34 shall not preclude prohibitions or restrictions on imports , exports , or goods in transit justified on the grounds of … public policy … the protection of health and life of humans ; … Such prohibitions or restrictions shall not , however , constitute a means of arbitrary discrimination or a disguise to restriction on trade between member states .
‘ the provisions of articles 30 to 34 shall not [prevent] prohibitions or restrictions on imports , exports , or goods in transit justified on the grounds of … public policy … the protection of health and life of humans ; … such prohibitions or restrictions shall not , however , constitute a means of arbitrary discrimination or a disguise to restriction on trade between member states .

By a notice of appeal dated 23 April 1992 the Treasury Solicitor appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) on a true construction of the Evidence ( Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions ) Act 1975 the court was precluded from making the order for examination ; ( 2 ) the deputy judge had erred in law in making the order and in holding that ( i ) it was possible to interpret section 9(4) of the Act so as not to preclude the order sought , ( ii ) the exclusion contained in section 9(4) was restricted to cases where the actual capacity in which the witness was called on to give evidence was a Crown capacity and that the fact that the evidence sought was acquired in the course of the witness 's employment as a servant of the Crown was not of itself sufficient to bring the case within the exclusion , ( iii ) the fact that the witness was now retired from his position was relevant to the question whether the exclusion in section 9(4) applied , ( iv ) if some other interpretation were possible , it would be unacceptable to approach section 9(4) as requiring the court to refuse to make the order that a witness who was competent and compellable within the United Kingdom should give evidence for foreign proceedings , ( v ) there was nothing in the material sought to be given in evidence which it could have been the policy or intention of the Act to have prevented being explored ; ( 3 ) the deputy judge had erred in law in approaching the question of capacity by concentrating on the position of the witness at the time that the evidence was to be given as opposed to the position of the witness at the time that he acquired the information which was the subject matter of the evidence and the nature content and source of such evidence ; ( 4 ) the judge had wrongly ignored the fact that the Crown as a party to the Hague Convention was in a position to give effect to it and to provide evidence to foreign courts in accordance with it without recourse to the court ; and ( 5 ) the judge had wrongly approached section 9(4) on the footing that it most likely addressed prejudice to the sovereignty of the state .
by a notice of appeal dated 23 april 1992 the treasury solicitor appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) on a true construction of the evidence ( proceedings in other jurisdictions ) act 1975 the court was precluded from making the order for examination ; ( 2 ) the deputy judge had erred in law in making the order and in holding that ( i ) it was possible to interpret section 9(4) of the act so as not to [prevent] the order sought , ( ii ) the exclusion contained in section 9(4) was restricted to cases where the actual capacity in which the witness was called on to give evidence was a crown capacity and that the fact that the evidence sought was acquired in the course of the witness 's employment as a servant of the crown was not of itself sufficient to bring the case within the exclusion , ( iii ) the fact that the witness was now retired from his position was relevant to the question whether the exclusion in section 9(4) applied , ( iv ) if some other interpretation were possible , it would be unacceptable to approach section 9(4) as requiring the court to refuse to make the order that a witness who was competent and compellable within the united kingdom should give evidence for foreign proceedings , ( v ) there was nothing in the material sought to be given in evidence which it could have been the policy or intention of the act to have prevented being explored ; ( 3 ) the deputy judge had erred in law in approaching the question of capacity by concentrating on the position of the witness at the time that the evidence was to be given as opposed to the position of the witness at the time that he acquired the information which was the subject matter of the evidence and the nature content and source of such evidence ; ( 4 ) the judge had wrongly ignored the fact that the crown as a party to the hague convention was in a position to give effect to it and to provide evidence to foreign courts in accordance with it without recourse to the court ; and ( 5 ) the judge had wrongly approached section 9(4) on the footing that it most likely addressed prejudice to the sovereignty of the state .

In my judgment , the Act can not be read as being constrained by the Rules to preclude an ex parte application .
in my judgment , the act can not be read as being constrained by the rules to [prevent] an ex parte application .

Such decisions will ; inevitably , preclude other markets and products , given the limitation on resources available to it . )
such decisions will ; inevitably , [prevent] other markets and products , given the limitation on resources available to it . )

However , cost would preclude very frequent advertising via this particular medium , so for frequency of exposure it would be preferable to consider hoardings and transport advertisements ( eg as with the famous Guinness advertisements ) .
however , cost would [prevent] very frequent advertising via this particular medium , so for frequency of exposure it would be preferable to consider hoardings and transport advertisements ( eg as with the famous guinness advertisements ) .

But while public provision does not preclude charitable giving , the existence of the profit motive in any service usually does .
but while public provision does not [prevent] charitable giving , the existence of the profit motive in any service usually does .

Flaubert 's fiction poses the question : Does irony preclude sympathy ?
flaubert 's fiction poses the question : does irony [prevent] sympathy ?

Despite reviewers ' complaints to the contrary , the structure of the novel does not preclude suspense entirely ; rather it shifts the object of suspense from the result to the cause .
despite reviewers ' complaints to the contrary , the structure of the novel does not [prevent] suspense entirely ; rather it shifts the object of suspense from the result to the cause .

One of these was Piccadilly Circus , the authors observing that : ‘ here the architectural setting becomes a major consideration , although this must not preclude a satisfactory traffic solution ’ ( para .
one of these was piccadilly circus , the authors observing that : ‘ here the architectural setting becomes a major consideration , although this must not [prevent] a satisfactory traffic solution ’ ( para .

Although this does not vest a security interest in the creditor , it has been claimed ( rightly ) that it ‘ behaves ’ like a security interest since it is an attempt to preclude the debtor from freely using its assets and thus , as with a security interest , it provides the creditor with a measure of protection .
although this does not vest a security interest in the creditor , it has been claimed ( rightly ) that it ‘ behaves ’ like a security interest since it is an attempt to [prevent] the debtor from freely using its assets and thus , as with a security interest , it provides the creditor with a measure of protection .

However , the fact that there is some restriction on the power of the company to deal with assets subject to a charge does not preclude it from being a floating charge .
however , the fact that there is some restriction on the power of the company to deal with assets subject to a charge does not [prevent] it from being a floating charge .

To preclude a charge from being a floating charge , the restriction must substantially deprive the company of the power to deal with its assets in the normal course of business .
to [prevent] a charge from being a floating charge , the restriction must substantially deprive the company of the power to deal with its assets in the normal course of business .

This is an undoubted problem , but to use it to preclude registration of a charge of shares in a subsidiary is to make the best the enemy of the better .
this is an undoubted problem , but to use it to [prevent] registration of a charge of shares in a subsidiary is to make the best the enemy of the better .

( ii ) Late registration Failure to register a charge within the 21-day period does not preclude its subsequent registration ; a charge can be registered outside the 21-day period at any time prior to the company 's liquidation or the appointment of an administrator without the need to obtain a court order .
( ii ) late registration failure to register a charge within the 21-day period does not [prevent] its subsequent registration ; a charge can be registered outside the 21-day period at any time prior to the company 's liquidation or the appointment of an administrator without the need to obtain a court order .

The Court concluded , rightly it is submitted , that the mere fact that the defendant happens to have committed another offence in addition to the one with which he has been charged should not preclude a conviction .
the court concluded , rightly it is submitted , that the mere fact that the defendant happens to have committed another offence in addition to the one with which he has been charged should not [prevent] a conviction .

As with the consolidation of the accounts of a group of companies , this does not only involve aggregation : there is also the elimination of any inter-fund balances to preclude double-counting .
as with the consolidation of the accounts of a group of companies , this does not only involve aggregation : there is also the elimination of any inter-fund balances to [prevent] double-counting .

Brezhnev 's plan did not preclude regional defence agreements among the Gulf states .
brezhnev 's plan did not [prevent] regional defence agreements among the gulf states .

In their view this approach does not preclude continued American attempts to construct new blocs .
in their view this approach does not [prevent] continued american attempts to construct new blocs .

Wholesalers will offer limited ranges later in the year but the special nature of the product can preclude choice .
wholesalers will offer limited ranges later in the year but the special nature of the product can [prevent] choice .

Did her unkempt condition preclude making a quest out of her ?
did her unkempt condition [prevent] making a quest out of her ?

This approach does not preclude analytical discussion of the musical notes themselves ( some critics have appeared to erect a false antithesis between contextual and notes-based history ) , and the author has judged very well how much space to devote to purely musical matters and how deeply to go into technicalities .
this approach does not [prevent] analytical discussion of the musical notes themselves ( some critics have appeared to erect a false antithesis between contextual and notes-based history ) , and the author has judged very well how much space to devote to purely musical matters and how deeply to go into technicalities .

However , this will not preclude other world faiths from that particular discrete area of the curriculum should their introduction be appropriate to the childrens ' experience or the particular theme , topic or unit of work being studied .
however , this will not [prevent] other world faiths from that particular discrete area of the curriculum should their introduction be appropriate to the childrens ' experience or the particular theme , topic or unit of work being studied .

It is possible that these differences do not preclude these mosaics as works of the same mosaicist .
it is possible that these differences do not [prevent] these mosaics as works of the same mosaicist .

Though not so far observed , this version of the Ikeda instability is of interest because it can be derived by mean field methods , which otherwise preclude chaos .
though not so far observed , this version of the ikeda instability is of interest because it can be derived by mean field methods , which otherwise [prevent] chaos .

However , the fact that an employer may have evidence to support his claim does not preclude the employee from arguing that the employer has conducted himself in such a way that despite an express clause confidentiality no longer exists .
however , the fact that an employer may have evidence to support his claim does not [prevent] the employee from arguing that the employer has conducted himself in such a way that despite an express clause confidentiality no longer exists .

Thus , a sale of `` Coalite `` in Wilson v Rickett Cockerell and Co Ltd ( 1934 ) was a sale under a trade or patent name which the Court of Appeal considered to preclude reliance .
thus , a sale of `` coalite `` in wilson v rickett cockerell and co ltd ( 1934 ) was a sale under a trade or patent name which the court of appeal considered to [prevent] reliance .

Nonetheless , the mere fact that the buyer has inspected the goods does not necessarily preclude reliance .
nonetheless , the mere fact that the buyer has inspected the goods does not necessarily [prevent] reliance .

However , this does not preclude the firm from returning cash equivalent where the collateral matures ; ( 3 ) If the firm wishes to use the customer 's collateral to support its own ( or another person 's ) obligations : ( 4 ) If the firm holds or intends to hold client money with an approved bank which is in the same group as the firm .
however , this does not [prevent] the firm from returning cash equivalent where the collateral matures ; ( 3 ) if the firm wishes to use the customer 's collateral to support its own ( or another person 's ) obligations : ( 4 ) if the firm holds or intends to hold client money with an approved bank which is in the same group as the firm .

( b ) Will plaintiff personal injury work preclude defendant or insurance defence work ?
( b ) will plaintiff personal injury work [prevent] defendant or insurance defence work ?

( c ) Will plaintiff personal injury work preclude other types of work you are or wish to be engaged in , such as corporate and commercial business ?
( c ) will plaintiff personal injury work [prevent] other types of work you are or wish to be engaged in , such as corporate and commercial business ?

It might be h d that the place for this would be in the Computer Studies Curriculum but to do this would preclude a large number of pupils from acquiring basic handling skills .
it might be h d that the place for this would be in the computer studies curriculum but to do this would [prevent] a large number of pupils from acquiring basic handling skills .

Most often one is dealing with a situation for which mathematical difficulties preclude a full theory , but in which it is still useful to refer to the equations of motion in deciding what measurements to make and how to interpret the results .
most often one is dealing with a situation for which mathematical difficulties [prevent] a full theory , but in which it is still useful to refer to the equations of motion in deciding what measurements to make and how to interpret the results .

But a childhood gaining a reputation as an impulsive scatterbrain should n't preclude her from the same opportunities and privileges her brother received , should it ?
but a childhood gaining a reputation as an impulsive scatterbrain should n't [prevent] her from the same opportunities and privileges her brother received , should it ?

There was a tight , hard knot in her stomach that seemed to preclude eating , but in a gesture of defiance she helped herself to a platter of seafood .
there was a tight , hard knot in her stomach that seemed to [prevent] eating , but in a gesture of defiance she helped herself to a platter of seafood .

Therefore `` final and binding `` is not tautologous , and the wise draftsman will put both words into the clause to preclude arguments later .
therefore `` final and binding `` is not tautologous , and the wise draftsman will put both words into the clause to [prevent] arguments later .

existence of a dispute does not preclude a reference to an expert .
existence of a dispute does not [prevent] a reference to an expert .

The answers seem to be that : ( 1 ) an arbitrator may be obliged to follow the litigation practice if he is to avoid an allegation of misconduct , unless the arbitration rules concerned specifically preclude those procedures or the parties both agree they need not be followed ; and that ( 2 ) the position of an expert will depend first on whether the parties have any specific requirements .
the answers seem to be that : ( 1 ) an arbitrator may be obliged to follow the litigation practice if he is to avoid an allegation of misconduct , unless the arbitration rules concerned specifically [prevent] those procedures or the parties both agree they need not be followed ; and that ( 2 ) the position of an expert will depend first on whether the parties have any specific requirements .

Space and resources preclude an exhaustive or even an extensive comparative study in this work .
space and resources [prevent] an exhaustive or even an extensive comparative study in this work .

Limitations of space preclude a lengthy dissertation on what is a vast subject .
limitations of space [prevent] a lengthy dissertation on what is a vast subject .

The chapter first provides a critical overview of the standard ‘ referential communication task ’ , where a child 's skills are gauged when required to communicate with another about an array of objects or drawings , while speaker and hearer can not see one another , being placed behind opaque screens to encourage verbal and preclude non-verbal communication .
the chapter first provides a critical overview of the standard ‘ referential communication task ’ , where a child 's skills are gauged when required to communicate with another about an array of objects or drawings , while speaker and hearer can not see one another , being placed behind opaque screens to encourage verbal and [prevent] non-verbal communication .

Now it is sometimes argued that the Reform Bill was deliberately framed so as to preclude the threat of a revolution founded on such an alignment , one in which a middle-class bourgeoisie would have provided the leadership and the lower classes the sheer mass , the numbers needed to carry it out ; and shrewdly calculated to concede just so much as was needed to reduce to a manageable scale the gathering political unrest which might have led to just such a convulsion .
now it is sometimes argued that the reform bill was deliberately framed so as to [prevent] the threat of a revolution founded on such an alignment , one in which a middle-class bourgeoisie would have provided the leadership and the lower classes the sheer mass , the numbers needed to carry it out ; and shrewdly calculated to concede just so much as was needed to reduce to a manageable scale the gathering political unrest which might have led to just such a convulsion .

and that acceptance would not preclude them from running a Unionist next time , promises that caused trouble later .
and that acceptance would not [prevent] them from running a unionist next time , promises that caused trouble later .

There are two different ways in which the existence of an alternative remedy can affect the availability of judicial remedies : it might entirely preclude the award of a judicial remedy , or it might give the court a discretion to refuse a ( discretionary ) remedy if it thinks that the alternative remedy is adequate .
there are two different ways in which the existence of an alternative remedy can affect the availability of judicial remedies : it might entirely [prevent] the award of a judicial remedy , or it might give the court a discretion to refuse a ( discretionary ) remedy if it thinks that the alternative remedy is adequate .

The first and most important step is to identify the weaving category ( p. 11 ) , because this will automatically preclude those countries which do not produce , for example , nomadic or village rugs .
the first and most important step is to identify the weaving category ( p. 11 ) , because this will automatically [prevent] those countries which do not produce , for example , nomadic or village rugs .

Chinese influence on all aspects of Japanese society and politics was immense , and while this did not preclude friction between the two countries , nor the development of indigenous Japanese cultural traits , many of the institutions , ideas and attitudes important to Japanese history owe a great deal to China .
chinese influence on all aspects of japanese society and politics was immense , and while this did not [prevent] friction between the two countries , nor the development of indigenous japanese cultural traits , many of the institutions , ideas and attitudes important to japanese history owe a great deal to china .

Was it not too restrictive to preclude the possibility that forces of greater intensity had acted in the past ?
was it not too restrictive to [prevent] the possibility that forces of greater intensity had acted in the past ?

This subordination of criticism to a Christian theory of knowledge did not , however , preclude a degree of differentiation .
this subordination of criticism to a christian theory of knowledge did not , however , [prevent] a degree of differentiation .

Short term advantage gained at the price of keeping alive prejudices and preconceptions may make more difficult , or even preclude , later changes in the direction of policy .
short term advantage gained at the price of keeping alive prejudices and preconceptions may make more difficult , or even [prevent] , later changes in the direction of policy .

Serfdom seemed to lie at the root of many of their own frustrations , to preclude progress , be it economic , social , or political .
serfdom seemed to lie at the root of many of their own frustrations , to [prevent] progress , be it economic , social , or political .

Instead we assume that each store location in main store can hold either an instruction or a piece of data ; this does not , of course , preclude the possibility of distinguishing these two cases at any particular time , either by segregating instruction areas from data areas , or by marking store locations in some way .
instead we assume that each store location in main store can hold either an instruction or a piece of data ; this does not , of course , [prevent] the possibility of distinguishing these two cases at any particular time , either by segregating instruction areas from data areas , or by marking store locations in some way .

This does not preclude the theoretical possibility of implementation in other technologies , such as fluidics ( see for example Gluskin , Jacoby , and Reader 1964 ) , although historically this has not been the case .
this does not [prevent] the theoretical possibility of implementation in other technologies , such as fluidics ( see for example gluskin , jacoby , and reader 1964 ) , although historically this has not been the case .

Goals should be flexible so that failure in one term does not preclude redemption and success the next .
goals should be flexible so that failure in one term does not [prevent] redemption and success the next .

This does not preclude employers from offering help with lunch or travel costs to young people , although this should be negotiated through the school or education authority .
this does not [prevent] employers from offering help with lunch or travel costs to young people , although this should be negotiated through the school or education authority .

She also has a grandeur of style that does not preclude tenderness and anxiety as emotions within its expressive range .
she also has a grandeur of style that does not [prevent] tenderness and anxiety as emotions within its expressive range .

Article 6 of the Convention also declared that its provisions did not preclude any of the following so far as the laws of the concerned states or conventions entered into between them allowed :
article 6 of the convention also declared that its provisions did not [prevent] any of the following so far as the laws of the concerned states or conventions entered into between them allowed :

This will not , however , preclude the granting of an injunction , or an associated disclosure order , if needed for the purpose of freezing assets ; it is immaterial that the information gained may also have value in the substantive dispute between the parties .
this will not , however , [prevent] the granting of an injunction , or an associated disclosure order , if needed for the purpose of freezing assets ; it is immaterial that the information gained may also have value in the substantive dispute between the parties .

So , the primary or preferred mode of transmission was the indirect consular channel , from the consul of the requesting State to an authority designated for the purpose by the State addressed ; a Contracting State could , however , still insist on the use of the diplomatic channel , and the new Convention did not preclude more direct communication between competent authorities by agreement between the States concerned .
so , the primary or preferred mode of transmission was the indirect consular channel , from the consul of the requesting state to an authority designated for the purpose by the state addressed ; a contracting state could , however , still insist on the use of the diplomatic channel , and the new convention did not [prevent] more direct communication between competent authorities by agreement between the states concerned .

The literal reader might suggest that an articulate and stylistic expression of doubt in this vein is unlikely on a dismasted ship wallowing in stormy seas — might , that is , if Masefield 's story telling did not preclude such comment .
the literal reader might suggest that an articulate and stylistic expression of doubt in this vein is unlikely on a dismasted ship wallowing in stormy seas — might , that is , if masefield 's story telling did not [prevent] such comment .

Such a change of tactics in the gilt-edged market did not preclude intervention , but such intervention would be in accordance with the authorities ' own requirements rather than in response to particular market changes .
such a change of tactics in the gilt-edged market did not [prevent] intervention , but such intervention would be in accordance with the authorities ' own requirements rather than in response to particular market changes .

Such developments , however , ‘ should not preclude further changes in the foreseeable future ’ .
such developments , however , ‘ should not [prevent] further changes in the foreseeable future ’ .

The latter might preclude a second Normandy-type landing .
the latter might [prevent] a second normandy-type landing .

The conduct of business rules are designed to preclude conflicts of interests and state principles and standards of conduct in the light of the following three objectives :
the conduct of business rules are designed to [prevent] conflicts of interests and state principles and standards of conduct in the light of the following three objectives :

The terms of all engagement letters should preclude the use of the firm 's name in investment advertisements and other public documents without the express consent of the firm in writing .
the terms of all engagement letters should [prevent] the use of the firm 's name in investment advertisements and other public documents without the express consent of the firm in writing .

However , it should be ensured that such considerations do not preclude the drafting of the document in as commercial a manner as possible , taking into account at all times the purpose of its production .
however , it should be ensured that such considerations do not [prevent] the drafting of the document in as commercial a manner as possible , taking into account at all times the purpose of its production .

The trouble is that no-one appears to know what will happen after the Olympics and whether if by then the United Nations ' blacklist will preclude British members of the Tour from competing in certain countries .
the trouble is that no-one appears to know what will happen after the olympics and whether if by then the united nations ' blacklist will [prevent] british members of the tour from competing in certain countries .

He hid it , presumably in the hope that it would preclude Alexander 's election .
he hid it , presumably in the hope that it would [prevent] alexander 's election .

In the case of a severable contract , acceptance of one or more instalments does not preclude rejection of later instalments for breach of condition , section 11 ( 4 ) .
in the case of a severable contract , acceptance of one or more instalments does not [prevent] rejection of later instalments for breach of condition , section 11 ( 4 ) .

The Alliance party contended that both sections of the divided community must be involved in future administration at all levels but acceptance of the state should not preclude practical cooperation between Northern Ireland and the Republic on matters of common concern .
the alliance party contended that both sections of the divided community must be involved in future administration at all levels but acceptance of the state should not [prevent] practical cooperation between northern ireland and the republic on matters of common concern .

Nor does their selection preclude the work of male writers eg , Craig Owens , whose classic essay ‘ The Discourse of Others : Feminists and Postmodernism ’ is included .
nor does their selection [prevent] the work of male writers eg , craig owens , whose classic essay ‘ the discourse of others : feminists and postmodernism ’ is included .

Shareholders are requested to complete and return the proxy card , but this does not preclude them coming to the meeting and voting in person .
shareholders are requested to complete and return the proxy card , but this does not [prevent] them coming to the meeting and voting in person .

As a matter of strict law , party elections can neither preclude nor pre-empt the prerogative of choice .
as a matter of strict law , party elections can neither [prevent] nor pre-empt the prerogative of choice .

Lady represents a nationalist party , which seems to preclude the idea of taking on an international responsibility for nuclear matters .
lady represents a nationalist party , which seems to [prevent] the idea of taking on an international responsibility for nuclear matters .

The guillotine motion after 10 o'clock tonight will attempt to preclude sensible contributions , attempt to preclude people from dealing with the difficulties and technicalities in the Bill , and pose a real problem for those of us who believe that local government is not a political football to be kicked about at whim , but an essential part of our democracy for the provision of essential services .
the guillotine motion after 10 o'clock tonight will attempt to [prevent] sensible contributions , attempt to [prevent] people from dealing with the difficulties and technicalities in the bill , and pose a real problem for those of us who believe that local government is not a political football to be kicked about at whim , but an essential part of our democracy for the provision of essential services .

This , of course , does not preclude the buyer from refusing to accept the goods if when they arrive they do not comply with the contract .
this , of course , does not [prevent] the buyer from refusing to accept the goods if when they arrive they do not comply with the contract .

An obvious possibility was an academic splash , and throughout his years at Burleigh he had chafed at the mediocrity of the school , the variable nature of the teaching , the dimness of its reputation , all of which seemed to preclude the splash academic .
an obvious possibility was an academic splash , and throughout his years at burleigh he had chafed at the mediocrity of the school , the variable nature of the teaching , the dimness of its reputation , all of which seemed to [prevent] the splash academic .

It would follow that rumours of the death of the state have been exaggerated — or , at any rate , that early medieval conditions did not preclude the state 's rebirth .
it would follow that rumours of the death of the state have been exaggerated — or , at any rate , that early medieval conditions did not [prevent] the state 's rebirth .

There can be little doubt , therefore , that `` the bombing was undertaken at the request of the Nationalist high command in order to destroy Basque morale and preclude the defence of Bilbao `` .
there can be little doubt , therefore , that `` the bombing was undertaken at the request of the nationalist high command in order to destroy basque morale and [prevent] the defence of bilbao `` .

Yet , the one does not preclude the other : this course would be only one extra input into Christian Aid 's existing funding of action/reflection in the Third World .
yet , the one does not [prevent] the other : this course would be only one extra input into christian aid 's existing funding of action/reflection in the third world .

The disability must preclude an individual from working for an employer in a class or broad range of jobs .
the disability must [prevent] an individual from working for an employer in a class or broad range of jobs .

Moreover the statement which follows this , namely that he was learned in both human and divine law , as his letters , registers and decretals demonstrate , must preclude Pennington 's doubts that he studied law and , most especially , his suggestion that a bright young man would have gone to Bologna at this time to study anything other than law .
moreover the statement which follows this , namely that he was learned in both human and divine law , as his letters , registers and decretals demonstrate , must [prevent] pennington 's doubts that he studied law and , most especially , his suggestion that a bright young man would have gone to bologna at this time to study anything other than law .

Pennington believes that the style and content of some preclude any other authorship .
pennington believes that the style and content of some [prevent] any other authorship .

It is important to recognise that the research itself , and its setting , inflicts its own contingencies on the choice of indicators : research using interviews will have to use indicators that are largely constructed out of respondents ' answers to questionnaire items whereas observational studies , and Lazarsfeld did not preclude them from variable analysis in principle , would have to use others .
it is important to recognise that the research itself , and its setting , inflicts its own contingencies on the choice of indicators : research using interviews will have to use indicators that are largely constructed out of respondents ' answers to questionnaire items whereas observational studies , and lazarsfeld did not [prevent] them from variable analysis in principle , would have to use others .

Non-membership of the new Union would not preclude membership of the Economic Committee .
non-membership of the new union would not [prevent] membership of the economic committee .

It shall be determined particularly by private ownership , competition , free pricing and , as a basic principle , complete freedom of movement of labour , capital , goods and services ; this shall not preclude the legal admission of special forms of ownership , providing for the participation of public authorities or other legal entities in trade and commerce as long as private legal entities are not subject to discrimination .
it shall be determined particularly by private ownership , competition , free pricing and , as a basic principle , complete freedom of movement of labour , capital , goods and services ; this shall not [prevent] the legal admission of special forms of ownership , providing for the participation of public authorities or other legal entities in trade and commerce as long as private legal entities are not subject to discrimination .

19 ( 1 ) In all leases whether made before or after the commencement of this Act containing a covenant condition or agreement against assigning , under- letting , charging or party with the possession of a demised premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , such covenant condition or agreement shall , notwithstanding any express provision to the contrary , be deemed to be subject — ( a ) to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld , but this proviso does not preclude the right of the landlord to require payment of a reasonable sum in respect of any legal or other expenses incurred in connection with such licence or consent ; …
19 ( 1 ) in all leases whether made before or after the commencement of this act containing a covenant condition or agreement against assigning , under- letting , charging or party with the possession of a demised premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , such covenant condition or agreement shall , notwithstanding any express provision to the contrary , be deemed to be subject — ( a ) to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld , but this proviso does not [prevent] the right of the landlord to require payment of a reasonable sum in respect of any legal or other expenses incurred in connection with such licence or consent ; …

The days of a small grease-coated , wall-mounted fan hopefully are numbered , although the sheer number in use preclude their quick disappearance .
the days of a small grease-coated , wall-mounted fan hopefully are numbered , although the sheer number in use [prevent] their quick disappearance .

The fact that a person is suffering from a mental disorder within the Mental Health Act 1983 does not preclude a legally effective consent ( ss. 57 and 58 ) The question in each case is whether the person was capable of understanding .
the fact that a person is suffering from a mental disorder within the mental health act 1983 does not [prevent] a legally effective consent ( ss. 57 and 58 ) the question in each case is whether the person was capable of understanding .

Even so , this does not preclude the possibility that whole verses were varied or fabricated later , or associated by the saga writers , who sometimes misunderstood this material , with the wrong poet and/or wrong leader .
even so , this does not [prevent] the possibility that whole verses were varied or fabricated later , or associated by the saga writers , who sometimes misunderstood this material , with the wrong poet and/or wrong leader .

Not only were there also one or two very old statutes to which resort could be made , but the common law of conspiracy was generally held to preclude collective actions designed to harm employers ' interests : `` it is not the denial to work except for more wages than is allowed by statute , but it is for a conspiracy to raise their wages , for which these defendants are indicted `` , concluded a famous judgement against some striking tailors of Cambridge in 1721 .
not only were there also one or two very old statutes to which resort could be made , but the common law of conspiracy was generally held to [prevent] collective actions designed to harm employers ' interests : `` it is not the denial to work except for more wages than is allowed by statute , but it is for a conspiracy to raise their wages , for which these defendants are indicted `` , concluded a famous judgement against some striking tailors of cambridge in 1721 .

The results of this experiment would seem to preclude an analysis of the acoustic waveform by the acoustic-phonetic component into anything other than a single string of phonemes .
the results of this experiment would seem to [prevent] an analysis of the acoustic waveform by the acoustic-phonetic component into anything other than a single string of phonemes .

Failure to benefit from some union policies need not preclude membership if advantages accrue from other union policies .
failure to benefit from some union policies need not [prevent] membership if advantages accrue from other union policies .

This system was usually applied where the grade of ore was so poor as to preclude it being worked by the tribute system .
this system was usually applied where the grade of ore was so poor as to [prevent] it being worked by the tribute system .

This requirement alone would preclude most individual investors from using such models .
this requirement alone would [prevent] most individual investors from using such models .

The irony is , however , that the economic crisis which might clinch their switch to Labour at the next election — with continuing balance-of-payments problems , punishing interest rates , a sinking pound , inflation and recession — would by definition preclude the heavy public investment required to implement the Kinnock programme .
the irony is , however , that the economic crisis which might clinch their switch to labour at the next election — with continuing balance-of-payments problems , punishing interest rates , a sinking pound , inflation and recession — would by definition [prevent] the heavy public investment required to implement the kinnock programme .

Dorothea wondered why that should preclude her concern in the affairs of others .
dorothea wondered why that should [prevent] her concern in the affairs of others .

But Mr Laird is convinced that economic forces preclude a return to the bad old days of union disruption .
but mr laird is convinced that economic forces [prevent] a return to the bad old days of union disruption .

Therefore the MPs in question are unlikely to have lined up lucrative jobs that preclude the hard slog of putting black upon white .
therefore the mps in question are unlikely to have lined up lucrative jobs that [prevent] the hard slog of putting black upon white .

Traditionally , Alsace wines never see new wood , and the appellation laws clearly preclude anything that might get in the way of ‘ fruit plus terroir ’ .
traditionally , alsace wines never see new wood , and the appellation laws clearly [prevent] anything that might get in the way of ‘ fruit plus terroir ’ .

The difficulties in the case were caused by the Court of Appeal 's earlier failure to rule on two of Berry 's three grounds of appeal , said Lord Lane , but that did not preclude the Home Secretary from re-opening the case .
the difficulties in the case were caused by the court of appeal 's earlier failure to rule on two of berry 's three grounds of appeal , said lord lane , but that did not [prevent] the home secretary from re-opening the case .

The difficulties in the case were caused by the Court of Appeal 's earlier failure to rule on two of Berry 's three grounds of appeal , said Lord Lane , but that did not preclude the Home Secretary from re-opening the case .
the difficulties in the case were caused by the court of appeal 's earlier failure to rule on two of berry 's three grounds of appeal , said lord lane , but that did not [prevent] the home secretary from re-opening the case .

Both were equally unsteady platforms for a marksman but that did n't preclude one of them getting killed by a chance shot .
both were equally unsteady platforms for a marksman but that did n't [prevent] one of them getting killed by a chance shot .

In some instances the imperatives of lower order needs may preclude the possibility of following higher order needs .
in some instances the imperatives of lower order needs may [prevent] the possibility of following higher order needs .

Mrs Cairns was engaged on work of a secret nature ; the Official Secrets Acts preclude the giving of any information in connection with her duties .
mrs cairns was engaged on work of a secret nature ; the official secrets acts [prevent] the giving of any information in connection with her duties .

The many complications seem to preclude this even though the importance of success is as great as ever .
the many complications seem to [prevent] this even though the importance of success is as great as ever .

Therefore ‘ no personal circumstances would preclude my giving thought to coming to London ’ .
therefore ‘ no personal circumstances would [prevent] my giving thought to coming to london ’ .

Thus the male is required to identify with other males but he is not allowed to desire them ; indeed , identification with should actually preclude desire for .
thus the male is required to identify with other males but he is not allowed to desire them ; indeed , identification with should actually [prevent] desire for .

Even so , there can be no facile equation of racist and sexual discrimination , and this for three main reasons which , even as they preclude that equation , emphasize the significance of those points at which race and sexuality interconnect , and the particular importance of Fanon 's work in this respect .
even so , there can be no facile equation of racist and sexual discrimination , and this for three main reasons which , even as they [prevent] that equation , emphasize the significance of those points at which race and sexuality interconnect , and the particular importance of fanon 's work in this respect .

One of the tasks for the Solidarity government is to ensure that a revival in the Polish spirit does not preclude an honest appreciation of the nation 's history .
one of the tasks for the solidarity government is to ensure that a revival in the polish spirit does not [prevent] an honest appreciation of the nation 's history .

The secret decision to continue producing the new generation of so-called ‘ binary ’ nerve gas weapons would also seem to preclude a Bush-inspired bilateral agreement between the United States and the Soviet Union to start reducing their arsenals of chemical weapons before the new global treaty is concluded .
the secret decision to continue producing the new generation of so-called ‘ binary ’ nerve gas weapons would also seem to [prevent] a bush-inspired bilateral agreement between the united states and the soviet union to start reducing their arsenals of chemical weapons before the new global treaty is concluded .

It also has applications in field archaeology where financial or time constraints preclude excavation of more than part of a site , and where it is therefore important that the excavated part yields as much information as possible .
it also has applications in field archaeology where financial or time constraints [prevent] excavation of more than part of a site , and where it is therefore important that the excavated part yields as much information as possible .

Therefore there is a logical tendency to preclude from view the social reasons why people are using the land in such a way as to cause excessive soil erosion , and so most conservation policies do not address them at all .
therefore there is a logical tendency to [prevent] from view the social reasons why people are using the land in such a way as to cause excessive soil erosion , and so most conservation policies do not address them at all .

They have no explanation to offer apart from the speculation that there might be an incompatibility between the two sources of latent inhibition allowed by Wagner 's account , with the short-term version being developed only in conditions that preclude the development of the associative version .
they have no explanation to offer apart from the speculation that there might be an incompatibility between the two sources of latent inhibition allowed by wagner 's account , with the short-term version being developed only in conditions that [prevent] the development of the associative version .

This year the tee is 15 yards further back , which may preclude a repetition , though no trees have been planted , as was hinted , to prevent the feat .
this year the tee is 15 yards further back , which may [prevent] a repetition , though no trees have been planted , as was hinted , to prevent the feat .

Yet he was to say that the entire enterprise of The Cantos was undertaken so as to uncover the reasons why war happens , so as to preclude its happening again .
yet he was to say that the entire enterprise of the cantos was undertaken so as to uncover the reasons why war happens , so as to [prevent] its happening again .

But this does not preclude extreme and non-peaceful solutions .
but this does not [prevent] extreme and non-peaceful solutions .

But this does not preclude extreme and non-peaceful solutions .
but this does not [prevent] extreme and non-peaceful solutions .

At the moment Russia 's economy is quite incapable of producing the goods that ordinary people want and falling oil revenues preclude any large-scale purchases of foreign expertise .
at the moment russia 's economy is quite incapable of producing the goods that ordinary people want and falling oil revenues [prevent] any large-scale purchases of foreign expertise .

Inevitably this led to confusion as to where the centre of power and decision-making really lay and seemed to preclude the maintenance of a coherent policy .
inevitably this led to confusion as to where the centre of power and decision-making really lay and seemed to [prevent] the maintenance of a coherent policy .

The outgoing person who has been doing the job should be consulted as part of this , although it should be borne in mind that he or she may have certain prejudices which preclude their giving a totally satisfactory answer .
the outgoing person who has been doing the job should be consulted as part of this , although it should be borne in mind that he or she may have certain prejudices which [prevent] their giving a totally satisfactory answer .

Something totally unforeseen could occur to preclude it .
something totally unforeseen could occur to [prevent] it .

It is important , however , that we keep accurate records , though it is not so important we make rigid rules that can preclude the recording of a well-authenticated fish simply because a rule was not strictly adhered to .
it is important , however , that we keep accurate records , though it is not so important we make rigid rules that can [prevent] the recording of a well-authenticated fish simply because a rule was not strictly adhered to .

to preclude any person from presenting a complaint to an industrial tribunal pursuant to this Act .
to [prevent] any person from presenting a complaint to an industrial tribunal pursuant to this act .

The Employment Appeal Tribunal was not satisfied that this amounted to a binding agreement , but held that even if it did , it would have been rendered void because it would have been an agreement purporting to preclude the employee from presenting a complaint to a tribunal .
the employment appeal tribunal was not satisfied that this amounted to a binding agreement , but held that even if it did , it would have been rendered void because it would have been an agreement purporting to [prevent] the employee from presenting a complaint to a tribunal .

To what extent do they appear to preclude you from making use of the skills and knowledge that you have acquired and competing with the people for whom you used to work .
to what extent do they appear to [prevent] you from making use of the skills and knowledge that you have acquired and competing with the people for whom you used to work .

This would not preclude close working relations between purchasers and providers working closely to improve quality .
this would not [prevent] close working relations between purchasers and providers working closely to improve quality .

Unfortunately , the introduction of the Merger Regulation does not entirely preclude the application of Articles 85 and 86 in merger situations under the doctrines developed in Continental Can and Philip Morris .
unfortunately , the introduction of the merger regulation does not entirely [prevent] the application of articles 85 and 86 in merger situations under the doctrines developed in continental can and philip morris .

But to take it as the question of international policy is to preclude almost by definition the construction of more cooperative approaches .
but to take it as the question of international policy is to [prevent] almost by definition the construction of more cooperative approaches .

Yet again the official syllabus and scheme of work may recommend the purchase and use of local materials gathered from the local environment when official administrative regulations preclude the headmaster from purchasing these and fail to provide him with any facilities for storing them once he has obtained them .
yet again the official syllabus and scheme of work may recommend the purchase and use of local materials gathered from the local environment when official administrative regulations [prevent] the headmaster from purchasing these and fail to provide him with any facilities for storing them once he has obtained them .

This statement of the second law does not preclude the extremely improbable case in which the N particles just happen to flow to one corner of the box .
this statement of the second law does not [prevent] the extremely improbable case in which the n particles just happen to flow to one corner of the box .

All of these numbers prove that being `` greedy '' does not preclude being `` generous . ''
all of these numbers prove that being `` greedy '' does not [prevent] being `` generous . ''

The standards have been revised to require a description of the property transfer transaction ; if the fair value is known , nothing would preclude reporting it .
the standards have been revised to require a description of the property transfer transaction ; if the fair value is known , nothing would [prevent] reporting it .

This enables the President and the Director of the Office and Management and Budget ( OMB ) to preclude a suit by the Comptroller General under certain special conditions.19 As the Senate report explained : ƒ [ W ] ith regard to enforcement actions at the Presidential level , certifications provided for under section 102 ( d ) ( 3 ) [ now section 716 ( d ) ( 1 ) ( C ) ] are intended to authorize the President and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to preclude a suit by the Comptroller General against the President and his principal advisers and assistants , and against those units within the Executive Office of the President whose sole function is to advise and assist the President , for information which would not be available under the Freedom of Information Act.≈20 16 S. Rep. No .
this enables the president and the director of the office and management and budget ( omb ) to [prevent] a suit by the comptroller general under certain special conditions.19 as the senate report explained : ƒ [ w ] ith regard to enforcement actions at the presidential level , certifications provided for under section 102 ( d ) ( 3 ) [ now section 716 ( d ) ( 1 ) ( c ) ] are intended to authorize the president and the director of the office of management and budget to [prevent] a suit by the comptroller general against the president and his principal advisers and assistants , and against those units within the executive office of the president whose sole function is to advise and assist the president , for information which would not be available under the freedom of information act.≈20 16 s. rep. no .

Title 7 , however , does not preclude payment from being authorized without an invoice if adequate internal controls exist to protect the government 's interest .
title 7 , however , does not [prevent] payment from being authorized without an invoice if adequate internal controls exist to protect the government 's interest .

We stated that , although supporting documents are traditionally maintained at the certifying/disbursing officer 's location , Title 7 did not preclude the documents being retained at the field offices or sites .
we stated that , although supporting documents are traditionally maintained at the certifying/disbursing officer 's location , title 7 did not [prevent] the documents being retained at the field offices or sites .

However , Title 7 does not preclude the documents from being maintained at the traveler 's location .
however , title 7 does not [prevent] the documents from being maintained at the traveler 's location .

This restriction does not preclude the requester from sharing the product with other Members .
this restriction does not [prevent] the requester from sharing the product with other members .

For example , limitations on travel funds may preclude auditors from visiting certain critical locations , or lack of expertise in a particular methodology or with computerized information systems may preclude auditors from undertaking certain objectives .
for example , limitations on travel funds may [prevent] auditors from visiting certain critical locations , or lack of expertise in a particular methodology or with computerized information systems may [prevent] auditors from undertaking certain objectives .

Significantly , under GAO 's statutory access authority , Congress provided the President and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget a safety valve to preclude judicial enforcement of GAO 's access rights .
significantly , under gao 's statutory access authority , congress provided the president and the director of the office of management and budget a safety valve to [prevent] judicial enforcement of gao 's access rights .

Regulation M is intended to preclude manipulative conduct by persons with an interest in the outcome of an offering .
regulation m is intended to [prevent] manipulative conduct by persons with an interest in the outcome of an offering .

For instance , improperly defined requirements may preclude alternatives , restrict competition , increase the risk of cost and schedule overruns , and lead to systems that are inconsistent with an agency 's overall architecture and incompatible with other agency systems .
for instance , improperly defined requirements may [prevent] alternatives , restrict competition , increase the risk of cost and schedule overruns , and lead to systems that are inconsistent with an agency 's overall architecture and incompatible with other agency systems .

Rather , the certification simply allows the President or the Director of OMB to preclude the Comptroller General from seeking a judicial remedy in certain limited situations .
rather , the certification simply allows the president or the director of omb to [prevent] the comptroller general from seeking a judicial remedy in certain limited situations .

The relevant portion of §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) prohibits funding of any organization `` that initiates legal representation or participates in any other way , in litigation , lobbying , or rulemaking , involving an effort to reform a Federal or State welfare system , except that this paragraph shall not be construed to preclude a recipient from representing an individual eligible client who is seeking specific relief from a welfare agency if such relief does not involve an effort to amend or otherwise challenge existing law in effect on the date of the initiation of the representation . ''
the relevant portion of §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) prohibits funding of any organization `` that initiates legal representation or participates in any other way , in litigation , lobbying , or rulemaking , involving an effort to reform a federal or state welfare system , except that this paragraph shall not be construed to [prevent] a recipient from representing an individual eligible client who is seeking specific relief from a welfare agency if such relief does not involve an effort to amend or otherwise challenge existing law in effect on the date of the initiation of the representation . ''

For example , as applied to the unrestricted aliens , such interpretations would preclude representation for permanent resident aliens who are evicted from their apartments or against whom divorce proceedings were commenced while the alien is legally out of the country for brief periods to attend a family emergency or funeral .
for example , as applied to the unrestricted aliens , such interpretations would [prevent] representation for permanent resident aliens who are evicted from their apartments or against whom divorce proceedings were commenced while the alien is legally out of the country for brief periods to attend a family emergency or funeral .

The time , energy , and expense involved in communicating with the client can preclude representation by private attorneys and most pro bono programs .
the time , energy , and expense involved in communicating with the client can [prevent] representation by private attorneys and most pro bono programs .

Because of the potential temporal variability in the toxicity of effluents , a negative test result with a particular sample does not preclude the possibility that samples collected at some other time might exhibit acute ( or chronic ) toxicity .
because of the potential temporal variability in the toxicity of effluents , a negative test result with a particular sample does not [prevent] the possibility that samples collected at some other time might exhibit acute ( or chronic ) toxicity .

Because of the potential temporal variability in the toxicity of effluents , a negative test result with a particular sample does not preclude the possibility that samples collected at some other time might exhibit chronic toxicity .
because of the potential temporal variability in the toxicity of effluents , a negative test result with a particular sample does not [prevent] the possibility that samples collected at some other time might exhibit chronic toxicity .

For all the trading programs and consistent with the existing Section 411 , the excess emissions penalty does not preclude imposition , in addition , of civil penalties for violations .
for all the trading programs and consistent with the existing section 411 , the excess emissions penalty does not [prevent] imposition , in addition , of civil penalties for violations .

Maximum Achievable Control Technology The Clear Skies Act revises Section 112 of the Clean Air Act to preclude regulation through maximum achievable control technology ( MACT ) standards of the emission of hazardous air pollutants by electric utility steam generating units .
maximum achievable control technology the clear skies act revises section 112 of the clean air act to [prevent] regulation through maximum achievable control technology ( mact ) standards of the emission of hazardous air pollutants by electric utility steam generating units .

Because of the potential temporal variability in the toxicity of effluents , a negative test result with a particular sample does not preclude the possibility that samples collected at some other time might exhibit chronic toxicity .
because of the potential temporal variability in the toxicity of effluents , a negative test result with a particular sample does not [prevent] the possibility that samples collected at some other time might exhibit chronic toxicity .

Nothing in this section shall preclude an owner or operator from installing and operating an alternative NOx control technology capable of achieving the applicable emission limitation .
nothing in this section shall [prevent] an owner or operator from installing and operating an alternative nox control technology capable of achieving the applicable emission limitation .

The Postal Service commented that , in its view , legal constraints would not preclude a contract mechanism in principle , but that no such arrangement would be permissible without the Commission 's participation in accordance with 39 U.S.C .
the postal service commented that , in its view , legal constraints would not [prevent] a contract mechanism in principle , but that no such arrangement would be permissible without the commission 's participation in accordance with 39 u.s.c .

The emergence of a new type of resistance is a highly random event , which ca n't be predicted accurately , and may involve multiple steps that preclude perfect understanding even after the fact .
the emergence of a new type of resistance is a highly random event , which ca n't be predicted accurately , and may involve multiple steps that [prevent] perfect understanding even after the fact .

Current Limitations of Islet Transplantation While significant progress has been made in the islet transplantation field [ 14 ] , many obstacles remain that currently preclude its widespread application .
current limitations of islet transplantation while significant progress has been made in the islet transplantation field [ 14 ] , many obstacles remain that currently [prevent] its widespread application .

Microarray-based comparisons of gene content among Escherichia coli , a facultative mutualist of tsetse flies ( Sodalis glossinidius ) , and a relatively young mutualist of weevils ( Sitophilus oryzae primary endosymbiont [ SOPE ] ) show that genome streamlining in the endosymbionts may preclude extracellular existence , and highlight modifications in metabolic pathways to complement specific host physiology and ecology ( Rio et al .
microarray-based comparisons of gene content among escherichia coli , a facultative mutualist of tsetse flies ( sodalis glossinidius ) , and a relatively young mutualist of weevils ( sitophilus oryzae primary endosymbiont [ sope ] ) show that genome streamlining in the endosymbionts may [prevent] extracellular existence , and highlight modifications in metabolic pathways to complement specific host physiology and ecology ( rio et al .

While the small number of patients and the single-arm nature of the study preclude definitive comparisons , it is possible that the early treatment and STIs did not result in a delay in CD4+ T cell decline ( and , therefore , initiation of antiretroviral therapy ) beyond what would have occurred had the patients received no early treatment .
while the small number of patients and the single-arm nature of the study [prevent] definitive comparisons , it is possible that the early treatment and stis did not result in a delay in cd4+ t cell decline ( and , therefore , initiation of antiretroviral therapy ) beyond what would have occurred had the patients received no early treatment .

According to Magida , Louis Farrakhan is planning to announce in a speech next month that the Nation of Islam must merge with plain-vanilla Islam , and in the process embrace the Koran 's teachings on racial equality , which apparently preclude the mad-scientist theory .
according to magida , louis farrakhan is planning to announce in a speech next month that the nation of islam must merge with plain-vanilla islam , and in the process embrace the koran 's teachings on racial equality , which apparently [prevent] the mad-scientist theory .

Economist Kenneth Arrow hacked this problem five decades ago with his `` Arrow Impossibility Theorem , '' which proves that no reasonable scoring system can preclude flip-flops .
economist kenneth arrow hacked this problem five decades ago with his `` arrow impossibility theorem , '' which proves that no reasonable scoring system can [prevent] flip-flops .

Tactical strategies do not preclude core values .
tactical strategies do not [prevent] core values .

In other words , does control of the operating-system market really preclude a company from seeking to compete in others ?
in other words , does control of the operating-system market really [prevent] a company from seeking to compete in others ?

Instead , USAT goes with the FDA 's decision to prohibit over 200,000 people from giving blood in order to preclude a theoretical risk that transfusions could spread mad cow disease -- a story fronted by no other paper .
instead , usat goes with the fda 's decision to prohibit over 200,000 people from giving blood in order to [prevent] a theoretical risk that transfusions could spread mad cow disease -- a story fronted by no other paper .

Perhaps that 's why he has always seemed to want to preclude critical judgment with pre-emptive strikes within his prose , anticipating our responses and silencing us .
perhaps that 's why he has always seemed to want to [prevent] critical judgment with pre-emptive strikes within his prose , anticipating our responses and silencing us .

In my view , that does n't require `` objectivity '' or neutrality or being boring or being good citizens -- though it does n't preclude any of those things either .
in my view , that does n't require `` objectivity '' or neutrality or being boring or being good citizens -- though it does n't [prevent] any of those things either .

LaHaye 's books have their share of quackery and pseudoscience , but that does not preclude some genuinely wise counsel to lovers -- especially inexperienced ones .
lahaye 's books have their share of quackery and pseudoscience , but that does not [prevent] some genuinely wise counsel to lovers -- especially inexperienced ones .

If my name were the translation of Pesca ( Fish ) it would be punnable but would preclude my moving to Pittsburgh .
if my name were the translation of pesca ( fish ) it would be punnable but would [prevent] my moving to pittsburgh .

The Clinton administration had asserted a `` protective function privilege , '' which would preclude Secret Service testimony on the grounds that if the president thought his agents might testify against him , he might keep them at a distance , thereby endangering his safety .
the clinton administration had asserted a `` protective function privilege , '' which would [prevent] secret service testimony on the grounds that if the president thought his agents might testify against him , he might keep them at a distance , thereby endangering his safety .

The Bell Curve 's air of strict scientism does n't preclude the use of lightly sourced or unsourced assertions , such as the statement that the median IQ of all black Africans is 75 , or that `` intermarriage among people in the top few percentiles of intelligence may be increasing far more rapidly than suspected '' ( no footnote ) .
the bell curve 's air of strict scientism does n't [prevent] the use of lightly sourced or unsourced assertions , such as the statement that the median iq of all black africans is 75 , or that `` intermarriage among people in the top few percentiles of intelligence may be increasing far more rapidly than suspected '' ( no footnote ) .

The WP and LAT leads , as well as a NYT front-pager , report that the House managers ' aggressive position puts them in conflict with Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott , who just the day before had come out in favor of a quick timetable that would probably preclude hearing from most of the scandal 's key figures .
the wp and lat leads , as well as a nyt front-pager , report that the house managers ' aggressive position puts them in conflict with senate majority leader trent lott , who just the day before had come out in favor of a quick timetable that would probably [prevent] hearing from most of the scandal 's key figures .

Space limitations preclude more than a sampling of the citations .
space limitations [prevent] more than a sampling of the citations .

That does not , of course , preclude slang of an earlier time if it is still in use , but it does eliminate obsolete slang , leaving about 5000 terms to be covered in about 15,000 definitions .
that does not , of course , [prevent] slang of an earlier time if it is still in use , but it does eliminate obsolete slang , leaving about 5000 terms to be covered in about 15,000 definitions .

Good to read , but sparse Index and brevity preclude its use as a reference grammar .
good to read , but sparse index and brevity [prevent] its use as a reference grammar .

