Lousiness is a prerequisite for epidemic typhus .
lousiness is a [condition] for epidemic typhus .

Thus , the writer decided to hold one experimental section of the functional preparation for marriage course in the spring semester of 1960 exclusively for persons already married -- that is , prerequisite : `` marriage '' .
thus , the writer decided to hold one experimental section of the functional preparation for marriage course in the spring semester of 1960 exclusively for persons already married -- that is , [condition] : `` marriage '' .

Biggart says : ‘ The Northwest promotion , which offered two for the price of one tickets to 74 international destinations , met the prerequisite for a successful sales promotion .
biggart says : ‘ the northwest promotion , which offered two for the price of one tickets to 74 international destinations , met the [condition] for a successful sales promotion .

So a stage of initial filtering of the data becomes a prerequisite .
so a stage of initial filtering of the data becomes a [condition] .

At first they regarded it as a prerequisite for the socialization of large-scale heavy industry .
at first they regarded it as a [condition] for the socialization of large-scale heavy industry .

Flexibility of approach is a prerequisite to successful learning , and a willingness to adapt to your needs , and those of your workforce , is an important part of our business philosophy .
flexibility of approach is a [condition] to successful learning , and a willingness to adapt to your needs , and those of your workforce , is an important part of our business philosophy .

So the wind is a constant factor and ball manipulation a prerequisite .
so the wind is a constant factor and ball manipulation a [condition] .

Control was merely the essential prerequisite to constructive administration .
control was merely the essential [condition] to constructive administration .

The vital tenth , an enthusiasm for the work itself , is a helpful prerequisite , especially when it comes to convincing a prospective employer .
the vital tenth , an enthusiasm for the work itself , is a helpful [condition] , especially when it comes to convincing a prospective employer .

‘ The success of the national team is a prerequisite for success at every level ’ , he said .
‘ the success of the national team is a [condition] for success at every level ’ , he said .

Conceptual clarification and reordering are , however , hardly sufficient as means of controlling force but they may be a necessary prerequisite for attaining this objective .
conceptual clarification and reordering are , however , hardly sufficient as means of controlling force but they may be a necessary [condition] for attaining this objective .

Judged on purely intuitive grounds , therefore , an association between creativity and madness can , with equal certainty , be enthusiastically embraced or vigorously rejected , depending upon one 's perspective . Which of these apparently contradictory views is nearer to the truth ? Is a trace of insanity a necessary prerequisite for originality ? Or is the idea merely a piece of folklore belief , sustained over the centuries by an inexact understanding of the quality of lunacy and destined to go the way of other popular myths , such as phrenology , astrology , and Mesmerism ?
judged on purely intuitive grounds , therefore , an association between creativity and madness can , with equal certainty , be enthusiastically embraced or vigorously rejected , depending upon one 's perspective . which of these apparently contradictory views is nearer to the truth ? is a trace of insanity a necessary [condition] for originality ? or is the idea merely a piece of folklore belief , sustained over the centuries by an inexact understanding of the quality of lunacy and destined to go the way of other popular myths , such as phrenology , astrology , and mesmerism ?

Yes , this is the stuff real men are made of and let all those jessie pop stars who holed themselves up in the luxury of four star hotels hang their heads in shame ! We know who you are , and a list of names will be published without mercy unless the prerequisite remittances are put in the post pronto .
yes , this is the stuff real men are made of and let all those jessie pop stars who holed themselves up in the luxury of four star hotels hang their heads in shame ! we know who you are , and a list of names will be published without mercy unless the [condition] remittances are put in the post pronto .

People who understand that the separation of church and state in the majority community is a prerequisite of religious freedom , are nevertheless happy to override principles of equality and human rights in minority communities by handing their political control over to religious leaders .
people who understand that the separation of church and state in the majority community is a [condition] of religious freedom , are nevertheless happy to override principles of equality and human rights in minority communities by handing their political control over to religious leaders .

Indeed , some religious houses demanded the deposit as a prerequisite for their care .
indeed , some religious houses demanded the deposit as a [condition] for their care .

It is essential that there should be adequate arrangements for the cleaning and maintenance of units , and the existence of a management company is an essential prerequisite . Such a company should be empowered to carry out these duties in return for an annual management charge to cover :
it is essential that there should be adequate arrangements for the cleaning and maintenance of units , and the existence of a management company is an essential [condition] . such a company should be empowered to carry out these duties in return for an annual management charge to cover :

But many feminists argue that the full , detailed understanding which theory provides , is a prerequisite for wide-ranging change in gender relations .
but many feminists argue that the full , detailed understanding which theory provides , is a [condition] for wide-ranging change in gender relations .

Moreover , ‘ structural ’ relations between them can be clarified , by showing for instance that this computation is or is not a necessary prerequisite or accompaniment of that one .
moreover , ‘ structural ’ relations between them can be clarified , by showing for instance that this computation is or is not a necessary [condition] or accompaniment of that one .

The developmental view of children 's language suggests that , in addition to establishing prerequisite cognitive and social skills , the child must have access to a number of environmental support systems ( see Bruner 1983 ) .
the developmental view of children 's language suggests that , in addition to establishing [condition] cognitive and social skills , the child must have access to a number of environmental support systems ( see bruner 1983 ) .

Second , the process of increasing self-awareness is itself an essential prerequisite for emotional health .
second , the process of increasing self-awareness is itself an essential [condition] for emotional health .

These countries are recognising that a decent communications structure is a prerequisite for economic survival , and the western telecommunications companies , seeing Eastern Europe as a profitable market , are only too willing to lend a hand .
these countries are recognising that a decent communications structure is a [condition] for economic survival , and the western telecommunications companies , seeing eastern europe as a profitable market , are only too willing to lend a hand .

As illustrations , therefore , teaching materials can be seen as stimulants of enquiry calling for appraisal as a prerequisite for application ; as prescriptions , they call for application without the requirement of appraisal , and so constrain the users into conformity .
as illustrations , therefore , teaching materials can be seen as stimulants of enquiry calling for appraisal as a [condition] for application ; as prescriptions , they call for application without the requirement of appraisal , and so constrain the users into conformity .

What is it then ? And what is the nature of this relationship between words and contexts 1 have referred to ? It is obviously important that we should have some clear idea about the nature of the phenomenon as an aspect of language not just as a preliminary but as a prerequisite for determining how it should figure in pedagogy .
what is it then ? and what is the nature of this relationship between words and contexts 1 have referred to ? it is obviously important that we should have some clear idea about the nature of the phenomenon as an aspect of language not just as a preliminary but as a [condition] for determining how it should figure in pedagogy .

Landmark stability is a prerequisite for spatial but not discrimination learning
landmark stability is a [condition] for spatial but not discrimination learning

Our finding that geometric stability is a prerequisite for a landmark being used to represent the position of hidden food and that the mere scheduling of a predictable spatial relationship between a moving landmark and hidden food is insufficient is an intriguing dissociation .
our finding that geometric stability is a [condition] for a landmark being used to represent the position of hidden food and that the mere scheduling of a predictable spatial relationship between a moving landmark and hidden food is insufficient is an intriguing dissociation .

It excludes them from consideration — not , of course , because they play no part in accounting for crime ( quite the opposite , they are the essential prerequisite ) .
it excludes them from consideration — not , of course , because they play no part in accounting for crime ( quite the opposite , they are the essential [condition] ) .

To do the navy justice , however , it must again be emphasised that powerful interest could rarely secure promotion for the unqualified , and in the naval service some ability was a prerequisite for advancement .
to do the navy justice , however , it must again be emphasised that powerful interest could rarely secure promotion for the unqualified , and in the naval service some ability was a [condition] for advancement .

It is part of our thesis that sexual and political revolution go hand in hand and that indeed the first is prerequisite of the second .
it is part of our thesis that sexual and political revolution go hand in hand and that indeed the first is [condition] of the second .

He has presented plans to give the central bank a form of independence , though not without last-minute wobbles ( independence is a prerequisite for monetary union , which he favours ) .
he has presented plans to give the central bank a form of independence , though not without last-minute wobbles ( independence is a [condition] for monetary union , which he favours ) .

Foreign bodies in the synapses are not an absolute prerequisite for an addiction .
foreign bodies in the synapses are not an absolute [condition] for an addiction .

The concern with stress reduction is valid in its own right , but it is also a vital prerequisite for successful engagement with educational innovation .
the concern with stress reduction is valid in its own right , but it is also a vital [condition] for successful engagement with educational innovation .

Clearsightedness is a prerequisite of effective action .
clearsightedness is a [condition] of effective action .

Much of this information is gleaned initially from press statements and newsletters sent to us specifically for this purpose — we never thought that a ‘ Share Holding ’ in a particular society was a prerequisite to reporting their affairs .
much of this information is gleaned initially from press statements and newsletters sent to us specifically for this purpose — we never thought that a ‘ share holding ’ in a particular society was a [condition] to reporting their affairs .

Complete fluency in the first and second languages is taken as prerequisite for training ( and one would expect a working interpreter to command at least four or five languages ) .
complete fluency in the first and second languages is taken as [condition] for training ( and one would expect a working interpreter to command at least four or five languages ) .

As a prerequisite , some examination of the focal achievements of deaf children in schools is required .
as a [condition] , some examination of the focal achievements of deaf children in schools is required .

Indeed , a radical reform of collective bargaining in the interests of acquiring greater control of the wage-determination process is still regarded as a prerequisite for any long-term , effective incomes policy .
indeed , a radical reform of collective bargaining in the interests of acquiring greater control of the wage-determination process is still regarded as a [condition] for any long-term , effective incomes policy .

It was a handicap becoming increasingly clear to the Australians , and Bernard Callinan was later to put a surplus of food as the prerequisite for guerrillas ' friendly relations with a local population .
it was a handicap becoming increasingly clear to the australians , and bernard callinan was later to put a surplus of food as the [condition] for guerrillas ' friendly relations with a local population .

In 1972 the report of the Committee on Mission for the British Council of Churches entitled ‘ Stand Up and Be Counted ’ expressed the conviction ‘ that a fresh approach to the collection and use of statistical information is the basic prerequisite of any realistic planning for mission in the United Kingdom ’ ( p. 1 ) .
in 1972 the report of the committee on mission for the british council of churches entitled ‘ stand up and be counted ’ expressed the conviction ‘ that a fresh approach to the collection and use of statistical information is the basic [condition] of any realistic planning for mission in the united kingdom ’ ( p. 1 ) .

Mass loyalty is a prerequisite for state elites if they are to pursue international ambitions in an era where industrial might determines international prestige and power , and where mass disaffection directly impairs the economic and military prowess ofthe state .
mass loyalty is a [condition] for state elites if they are to pursue international ambitions in an era where industrial might determines international prestige and power , and where mass disaffection directly impairs the economic and military prowess ofthe state .

Continued life and growth depend ultimately on the maintenance of tranquillity within the human community , which is a prerequisite for the continued assistance of the spirits of the earth .
continued life and growth depend ultimately on the maintenance of tranquillity within the human community , which is a [condition] for the continued assistance of the spirits of the earth .

For example , our solar system is certainly a prerequisite for our existence , as is an earlier generation of nearby stars in which heavy elements could have been formed by nuclear synthesis .
for example , our solar system is certainly a [condition] for our existence , as is an earlier generation of nearby stars in which heavy elements could have been formed by nuclear synthesis .

Adequate personal financial resources are an essential component of community care and an essential prerequisite , too , of dignity and self-worth , but , surprisingly , the financial needs of people with mental disorder are often ignored or , at the other end of the scale , such people are at times even treated rather like children — they are provided with pocket money for ‘ treats ’ but all other financial decisions are taken out of their hands .
adequate personal financial resources are an essential component of community care and an essential [condition] , too , of dignity and self-worth , but , surprisingly , the financial needs of people with mental disorder are often ignored or , at the other end of the scale , such people are at times even treated rather like children — they are provided with pocket money for ‘ treats ’ but all other financial decisions are taken out of their hands .

As the discussion in this section has implied , a general analysis of the phonological system is a prerequisite to quantitative analysis .
as the discussion in this section has implied , a general analysis of the phonological system is a [condition] to quantitative analysis .

Eventually , tender of such a bill to the carrier became a prerequisite for the latter 's delivery of the goods to the bill 's holder .
eventually , tender of such a bill to the carrier became a [condition] for the latter 's delivery of the goods to the bill 's holder .

It is important to note that in shipping practice , possession of all the originals continues to be a prerequisite for the exercise of the consignor 's right to control the goods delivered to the carrier .
it is important to note that in shipping practice , possession of all the originals continues to be a [condition] for the exercise of the consignor 's right to control the goods delivered to the carrier .

The first legal prerequisite involved in satisfying the transactional needs of the electronic bill of lading , therefore , is reliable public notice .
the first legal [condition] involved in satisfying the transactional needs of the electronic bill of lading , therefore , is reliable public notice .

Neither can it be forecast whether registration will be an essential prerequisite for the creation of in rem rights in the cargo , as it is for the creation of in rem rights in real property in the German Grundbuch or whether it will have a purely notice giving function .
neither can it be forecast whether registration will be an essential [condition] for the creation of in rem rights in the cargo , as it is for the creation of in rem rights in real property in the german grundbuch or whether it will have a purely notice giving function .

Thus , uniformity of form and substance constitutes the second minimum legal prerequisite of a public bill of lading registry .
thus , uniformity of form and substance constitutes the second minimum legal [condition] of a public bill of lading registry .

The same applies to the situation between nations : inequalities between developed countries have not declined but this does not necessarily mean wholesale rejection of the basic claims that a certain level of education is a necessary prerequisite to industrialisation .
the same applies to the situation between nations : inequalities between developed countries have not declined but this does not necessarily mean wholesale rejection of the basic claims that a certain level of education is a necessary [condition] to industrialisation .

In the past , the company 's status as a body responsible for the performance of public functions , and the idea that public benefit was a prerequisite of incorporation , were also evident .
in the past , the company 's status as a body responsible for the performance of public functions , and the idea that public benefit was a [condition] of incorporation , were also evident .

But while delegation is a prerequisite of corporate efficiency , it also carries with it the risk , common to all agency relationships , that the managers will act in their own interests at the expense of the shareholders , thereby reducing the expected gains , not only for the shareholders , but also for society as a whole .
but while delegation is a [condition] of corporate efficiency , it also carries with it the risk , common to all agency relationships , that the managers will act in their own interests at the expense of the shareholders , thereby reducing the expected gains , not only for the shareholders , but also for society as a whole .

Prerequisite 5 : committed top leaders
[condition] 5 : committed top leaders

Prerequisite 2 : written description of the changed organization
[condition] 2 : written description of the changed organization

Prerequisite 3 : conditions that preclude maintenance of the status quo Another critical prerequisite is the existence of a set of external conditions that makes the choice of maintaining the status quo either unlikely or impossible .
[condition] 3 : conditions that preclude maintenance of the status quo another critical [condition] is the existence of a set of external conditions that makes the choice of maintaining the status quo either unlikely or impossible .

Prerequisite 4 : likelihood of a critical mass of support
[condition] 4 : likelihood of a critical mass of support

Prerequisite 5 : a medium-to long-term perspective
[condition] 5 : a medium-to long-term perspective

Prerequisite 6. : awareness of resistance and the need to honor it
[condition] 6. : awareness of resistance and the need to honor it

Prerequisite 7 : awareness of the need for education
[condition] 7 : awareness of the need for education

Prerequisite 8 : the conviction that the change must be tried
[condition] 8 : the conviction that the change must be tried

Prerequisite 9 : willingness to use resources
[condition] 9 : willingness to use resources

Prerequisite 10 : commitment to maintaining the flow of information
[condition] 10 : commitment to maintaining the flow of information

Simmel 's essential argument is that money is the prerequisite for , and major instrument in , the accomplishment of freedom and potential equality .
simmel 's essential argument is that money is the [condition] for , and major instrument in , the accomplishment of freedom and potential equality .

Play with objects , which retain a physical similarity between sign and signified , or where some concrete form may be used to represent the distant other , then becomes an essential prerequisite for the development of the symbolic faculty found in language .
play with objects , which retain a physical similarity between sign and signified , or where some concrete form may be used to represent the distant other , then becomes an essential [condition] for the development of the symbolic faculty found in language .

Such an analysis is an important prerequisite to much of the discussion that follows in succeeding chapters .
such an analysis is an important [condition] to much of the discussion that follows in succeeding chapters .

In traditional criminal law much enforcement activity is given to establishing the existence of mens rea , creating the conditions for the application of legally defined blameworthiness , since it is this which is a prerequisite for the imposition of punishment .
in traditional criminal law much enforcement activity is given to establishing the existence of mens rea , creating the conditions for the application of legally defined blameworthiness , since it is this which is a [condition] for the imposition of punishment .

For this sense of heavy to be selected , the notion of ‘ consumption ’ in the immediate environment seems to be a prerequisite .
for this sense of heavy to be selected , the notion of ‘ consumption ’ in the immediate environment seems to be a [condition] .

In similar vein , it is also possible to argue that some view of how improvement in practice takes place is a necessary prerequisite of any accountability procedure .
in similar vein , it is also possible to argue that some view of how improvement in practice takes place is a necessary [condition] of any accountability procedure .

We have never found it an imposition to provide , at the beginning of a term a sheet of paper for each lecture setting out prerequisite knowledge , the subject of the lecture and reference to textbook work which would probably not be treated except by a mention .
we have never found it an imposition to provide , at the beginning of a term a sheet of paper for each lecture setting out [condition] knowledge , the subject of the lecture and reference to textbook work which would probably not be treated except by a mention .

`` At Advanced level in History , the ability to write serviceable English is a prerequisite but it is even less frequently attained .
`` at advanced level in history , the ability to write serviceable english is a [condition] but it is even less frequently attained .

For example , a means of producing food and shelter may be seen as a functional prerequisite since without them members of society could not survive .
for example , a means of producing food and shelter may be seen as a functional [condition] since without them members of society could not survive .

One such functional prerequisite is effective role allocation and performance .
one such functional [condition] is effective role allocation and performance .

Precise , clearly formulated theories are a prerequisite for precise observation statements .
precise , clearly formulated theories are a [condition] for precise observation statements .

For Marx , the further development of this form of division of labour in society appears as a prerequisite of the division of labour within the enterprise under capitalism :
for marx , the further development of this form of division of labour in society appears as a [condition] of the division of labour within the enterprise under capitalism :

On the one hand , large-scale machine industry was seen as the necessary prerequisite for socialism .
on the one hand , large-scale machine industry was seen as the necessary [condition] for socialism .

You do n't need to be a programmer ; there 's no code to write , and you do n't even have to adopt the programmer 's mindset that is so often a prerequisite for building advanced database applications .
you do n't need to be a programmer ; there 's no code to write , and you do n't even have to adopt the programmer 's mindset that is so often a [condition] for building advanced database applications .

Obesity is common among multiparous women but this may indicate that weight gain is the result of multiple pregnancies rather than a prerequisite for conception .
obesity is common among multiparous women but this may indicate that weight gain is the result of multiple pregnancies rather than a [condition] for conception .

Encouraged initially by his father in the belief that the acquisition and mastery of the culture dispensed in the state educational system was a necessary prerequisite to self-advancement , and spurred on by the conviction that to avoid his father 's fate he must acquire the one element that his father lacked , Nizan proceeded systematically and relatively uncritically between 1917 and 1924 to immerse himself in bourgeois culture .
encouraged initially by his father in the belief that the acquisition and mastery of the culture dispensed in the state educational system was a necessary [condition] to self-advancement , and spurred on by the conviction that to avoid his father 's fate he must acquire the one element that his father lacked , nizan proceeded systematically and relatively uncritically between 1917 and 1924 to immerse himself in bourgeois culture .

In research in preventive medicine , as in research in therapeutic medicine , the ethics are driven by the science ; good science is a prerequisite for good ethics .
in research in preventive medicine , as in research in therapeutic medicine , the ethics are driven by the science ; good science is a [condition] for good ethics .

The recognition of lichen sclerosus as a clear entity is a prerequisite for good management and follow up .
the recognition of lichen sclerosus as a clear entity is a [condition] for good management and follow up .

Edward 's desire to rid himself of the burden and embarrassment of Scotland was shared not only by his subjects but also by the pope , whose concern for peace in England , a prerequisite for a crusade , was once again evident .
edward 's desire to rid himself of the burden and embarrassment of scotland was shared not only by his subjects but also by the pope , whose concern for peace in england , a [condition] for a crusade , was once again evident .

Yet all interpretations , despite differences of terminology , agree that a prerequisite of the explanation is to divide each sentence ( or , more accurately , each clause ) into two .
yet all interpretations , despite differences of terminology , agree that a [condition] of the explanation is to divide each sentence ( or , more accurately , each clause ) into two .

Reasoning that the very nature of Doctor Who would mean scenes at the beginning and end of serials where only the regular cast were involved , this element became almost a prerequisite to production .
reasoning that the very nature of doctor who would mean scenes at the beginning and end of serials where only the regular cast were involved , this element became almost a [condition] to production .

It is common ground that it is a prerequisite of the notice that the documents sought are such as the bank ‘ may reasonably require for the performance of its functions under this Act . ’
it is common ground that it is a [condition] of the notice that the documents sought are such as the bank ‘ may reasonably require for the performance of its functions under this act . ’

Limitation of Action — Statute , action on — Accrual of cause of action — Local authority notice to repair — Landlord failing to do work — Repairs carried out by local authority — Action to recover cost of repairs — Whether service of demand for payment prerequisite to or necessary ingredient of cause of action — Whether cause of action accruing on completion of work or service of demand — Housing Act 1957 ( c. 56 ) , s. 10(3) ( 4 ) — Limitation Act 1980 ( c. 58 ) , s. 9(1)
limitation of action — statute , action on — accrual of cause of action — local authority notice to repair — landlord failing to do work — repairs carried out by local authority — action to recover cost of repairs — whether service of demand for payment [condition] to or necessary ingredient of cause of action — whether cause of action accruing on completion of work or service of demand — housing act 1957 ( c. 56 ) , s. 10(3) ( 4 ) — limitation act 1980 ( c. 58 ) , s. 9(1)

It was however submitted before your Lordships , by Mr. Collins on behalf of Wickes , that there was a further , more specific , prerequisite of the exercise of the jurisdiction to grant an injunction in such a case , viz .
it was however submitted before your lordships , by mr. collins on behalf of wickes , that there was a further , more specific , [condition] of the exercise of the jurisdiction to grant an injunction in such a case , viz .

Defending the 1832 settlement involved justifications which talked about the rights of those who had a propertied `` stake `` in society with the related gloss that education was a prerequisite for the `` responsible `` exercise of the franchise .
defending the 1832 settlement involved justifications which talked about the rights of those who had a propertied `` stake `` in society with the related gloss that education was a [condition] for the `` responsible `` exercise of the franchise .

In this case , planning assumptions are a prerequisite of planning , and forecasts of future expectations are a result of planning .
in this case , planning assumptions are a [condition] of planning , and forecasts of future expectations are a result of planning .

This , it seems , is the prerequisite for changing schemas .
this , it seems , is the [condition] for changing schemas .

This section examines formal relationships between central government and local authorities , an essential prerequisite to the analysis of actual working relationships on pp. 194–98 .
this section examines formal relationships between central government and local authorities , an essential [condition] to the analysis of actual working relationships on pp. 194–98 .

The prerequisite for successful collaboration , therefore , was shared planning ; the precondition for such planning to be coherent was shared values .
the [condition] for successful collaboration , therefore , was shared planning ; the precondition for such planning to be coherent was shared values .

Decentralisation is often regarded as a prerequisite of participation and the effective expression of consumer views . Cambridge and Knapp make very clear the relationship of consumerism to community care :
decentralisation is often regarded as a [condition] of participation and the effective expression of consumer views . cambridge and knapp make very clear the relationship of consumerism to community care :

The ability to read and write formal English is often the prerequisite for achievement in education and , in many instances , promotion at work .
the ability to read and write formal english is often the [condition] for achievement in education and , in many instances , promotion at work .

It is true that geomorphologists have tended to neglect large-scale continental problems but this arises because they have not been prepared to contribute to tectonics and geophysics , which must surely be a prerequisite for an effective and accepted research contribution at the world level .
it is true that geomorphologists have tended to neglect large-scale continental problems but this arises because they have not been prepared to contribute to tectonics and geophysics , which must surely be a [condition] for an effective and accepted research contribution at the world level .

The Committee was not without its own misgivings about non-cohabitation as a prerequisite for prosecution for marital rape .
the committee was not without its own misgivings about non-cohabitation as a [condition] for prosecution for marital rape .

For Catholic school communities where there is a strong emphasis on Christian ethos and values education , reflection on the philosophy of the school is a desirable prerequisite prior to any self-evaluation .
for catholic school communities where there is a strong emphasis on christian ethos and values education , reflection on the philosophy of the school is a desirable [condition] prior to any self-evaluation .

The existence of expanding and contracting directions is an essential prerequisite for chaotic behaviour in dissipative systems of this sort .
the existence of expanding and contracting directions is an essential [condition] for chaotic behaviour in dissipative systems of this sort .

Planning is an essential prerequisite of any well run takeover offer . The approach to a particular bid will depend on a number of general factors including the following :
planning is an essential [condition] of any well run takeover offer . the approach to a particular bid will depend on a number of general factors including the following :

In most cases an order will accompany a s8 order but this is not a prerequisite .
in most cases an order will accompany a s8 order but this is not a [condition] .

Every statement makes truth-claims — a prerequisite for literal meaning to be constituted — even if the speaker is not committed to the truth of what is said .
every statement makes truth-claims — a [condition] for literal meaning to be constituted — even if the speaker is not committed to the truth of what is said .

An important prerequisite here concerns terminology .
an important [condition] here concerns terminology .

High rates of weathering are not a prerequisite for the formation of deep weathering profiles if the rate of removal of weathered material is sufficiently slow .
high rates of weathering are not a [condition] for the formation of deep weathering profiles if the rate of removal of weathered material is sufficiently slow .

An understanding of Keynes 's critique of the classical theory of labour market adjustment is therefore an essential prerequisite for a fuller evaluation of the contribution of the new classical macroeconomics to our understanding of the workings of a market economy .
an understanding of keynes 's critique of the classical theory of labour market adjustment is therefore an essential [condition] for a fuller evaluation of the contribution of the new classical macroeconomics to our understanding of the workings of a market economy .

It is currently a prerequisite of a qualifying corporate bond that it is expressed in sterling and contains no provision for conversion into , or redemption in , a currency other than sterling .
it is currently a [condition] of a qualifying corporate bond that it is expressed in sterling and contains no provision for conversion into , or redemption in , a currency other than sterling .

The plan is required under Dutch law as a prerequisite for the renewal of the plant 's operating licence .
the plan is required under dutch law as a [condition] for the renewal of the plant 's operating licence .

But in any case it follows that the necessary prerequisite for ordination is the presence of a baptized human being ( not a monkey — in that God in Christ took on humanity ) .
but in any case it follows that the necessary [condition] for ordination is the presence of a baptized human being ( not a monkey — in that god in christ took on humanity ) .

Women in the community need to find out what is possible for us as a prerequisite to identifying what is not available and what we would like to see .
women in the community need to find out what is possible for us as a [condition] to identifying what is not available and what we would like to see .

The whole question of the ‘ negative image ’ of West Belfast was raised with some arguing that this image would need to be tackled as a prerequisite to further economic development in the area .
the whole question of the ‘ negative image ’ of west belfast was raised with some arguing that this image would need to be tackled as a [condition] to further economic development in the area .

The ability to evaluate the performance of a pupil and adapt to it is a prerequisite of being able to teach , and all Taï mothers appear , in the context of nut-cracking , to do it , though nothing similar has been observed in Gombe .
the ability to evaluate the performance of a pupil and adapt to it is a [condition] of being able to teach , and all taï mothers appear , in the context of nut-cracking , to do it , though nothing similar has been observed in gombe .

And how far is their insistence on the complete separation of the functions of trade unionism from those of Co-operative Production conditioned by the earlier Fabian conviction that the principal prerequisite for the beneficial restructuring of society was public ownership , municipal or national , of the means of production and provision ?
and how far is their insistence on the complete separation of the functions of trade unionism from those of co-operative production conditioned by the earlier fabian conviction that the principal [condition] for the beneficial restructuring of society was public ownership , municipal or national , of the means of production and provision ?

In the Declaration they stressed that ‘ participatory communication between the leadership and the people is a prerequisite to a just and democratic social order in which effective accountability is the norm rather than the exception . ’
in the declaration they stressed that ‘ participatory communication between the leadership and the people is a [condition] to a just and democratic social order in which effective accountability is the norm rather than the exception . ’

We realise also that a participatory communication between the leadership and the people is a prerequisite to a just and democratic social order in which effective accountability is the norm rather than the exception .
we realise also that a participatory communication between the leadership and the people is a [condition] to a just and democratic social order in which effective accountability is the norm rather than the exception .

Although a full , detailed and accurate exposition of the law is an essential prerequisite to jurisprudential activity in the field of criminal law as in others , it is not and can not be the limit of the concerns of those who teach and study criminal law .
although a full , detailed and accurate exposition of the law is an essential [condition] to jurisprudential activity in the field of criminal law as in others , it is not and can not be the limit of the concerns of those who teach and study criminal law .

‘ But on the other hand , at the same time , the minority is likely to become more integrated into national life , because short of reaching total political independence , a high level of assimilation seems to be a prerequisite for achieving empowerment .
‘ but on the other hand , at the same time , the minority is likely to become more integrated into national life , because short of reaching total political independence , a high level of assimilation seems to be a [condition] for achieving empowerment .

‘ But on the other hand , at the same time , the minority is likely to become more integrated into national life , because short of reaching total political independence , a high level of assimilation seems to be a prerequisite for achieving empowerment .
‘ but on the other hand , at the same time , the minority is likely to become more integrated into national life , because short of reaching total political independence , a high level of assimilation seems to be a [condition] for achieving empowerment .

Recognition is a prerequisite to understanding , since what has not been recognised can hardly be understood .
recognition is a [condition] to understanding , since what has not been recognised can hardly be understood .

He also felt strongly that a moderate reform programme was an essential means to destroy the menace of Labour and an essential prerequisite of military success and imperial expansion .
he also felt strongly that a moderate reform programme was an essential means to destroy the menace of labour and an essential [condition] of military success and imperial expansion .

Legal reform was a prerequisite for social change , but not automatically the immediate precursor of it .
legal reform was a [condition] for social change , but not automatically the immediate precursor of it .

The next prerequisite with a switched-on organization is perhaps the most difficult of all to achieve in a British environment , and this is openness of communication .
the next [condition] with a switched-on organization is perhaps the most difficult of all to achieve in a british environment , and this is openness of communication .

Desperation and greed kept them going , so against the odds , they would achieve the prerequisite £4,000 or so worth of business a day , as well as somehow retaining much of their clientele , and in some mysterious way expanding it .
desperation and greed kept them going , so against the odds , they would achieve the [condition] £4,000 or so worth of business a day , as well as somehow retaining much of their clientele , and in some mysterious way expanding it .

He had the gift of the gab , which one training officer described as the main prerequisite .
he had the gift of the gab , which one training officer described as the main [condition] .

Or there may be a requirement that before the body exercises its power , a certain state of affairs must exist as a preliminary requirement , the correct state of affairs is a prerequisite to the exercise of the power .
or there may be a requirement that before the body exercises its power , a certain state of affairs must exist as a preliminary requirement , the correct state of affairs is a [condition] to the exercise of the power .

It is a broad term incorporating a range of subordinate or prerequisite skills , those associated with reading , writing , searching , retrieving , organising , processing , thinking , analysing and presenting .
it is a broad term incorporating a range of subordinate or [condition] skills , those associated with reading , writing , searching , retrieving , organising , processing , thinking , analysing and presenting .

Thus , some schools saw the refurbishment of the library as a prerequisite for the kinds of curriculum development to which their proposal for the project was firmly linked .
thus , some schools saw the refurbishment of the library as a [condition] for the kinds of curriculum development to which their proposal for the project was firmly linked .

Some schools saw the development of study skills in a similar fashion , perceiving skills as a prerequisite for satisfactory engagement with subject content or learning experiences .
some schools saw the development of study skills in a similar fashion , perceiving skills as a [condition] for satisfactory engagement with subject content or learning experiences .

However , since this is not a prerequisite for acceptance on the Minor Project , some schools did not form one , and several of those which were formed appear to have lapsed following the completion of the school 's spending phase .
however , since this is not a [condition] for acceptance on the minor project , some schools did not form one , and several of those which were formed appear to have lapsed following the completion of the school 's spending phase .

Given the fact that schools selected for a Minor award were being encouraged to develop existing good practice , it is , perhaps , surprising that the formation of a permanent library committee , as in the case of the Major Project , was not made a prerequisite for their participation .
given the fact that schools selected for a minor award were being encouraged to develop existing good practice , it is , perhaps , surprising that the formation of a permanent library committee , as in the case of the major project , was not made a [condition] for their participation .

As a prerequisite to leave allocation , events likely to have a bearing on workload and staff availability must be identified .
as a [condition] to leave allocation , events likely to have a bearing on workload and staff availability must be identified .

To this end he set out to give a ‘ factual picture of life as it comes at a boy in the Merchant Service ’ , offering details of the kind of people he would meet and ‘ some of the problems and emotional conflicts he would have to face … ’ The first prerequisite of this plan was , of course , completely authentic details ; the second , an ultimate moral message :
to this end he set out to give a ‘ factual picture of life as it comes at a boy in the merchant service ’ , offering details of the kind of people he would meet and ‘ some of the problems and emotional conflicts he would have to face … ’ the first [condition] of this plan was , of course , completely authentic details ; the second , an ultimate moral message :

It is a prerequisite for the smooth running of the financial markets that this trust is not abused so that the public 's confidence in the financial markets is maintained .
it is a [condition] for the smooth running of the financial markets that this trust is not abused so that the public 's confidence in the financial markets is maintained .

Prerequisite ingredients like the ridiculous plot , the improbably psychotic killer and a fantastically violent jailbreak ( chainsaws etc ) are all in place .
[condition] ingredients like the ridiculous plot , the improbably psychotic killer and a fantastically violent jailbreak ( chainsaws etc ) are all in place .

However , although technology and agriculture may not be sufficient conditions for human happiness , they are certainly a necessary prerequisite , Freud argued .
however , although technology and agriculture may not be sufficient conditions for human happiness , they are certainly a necessary [condition] , freud argued .

The presence of a health and safety officer would also seem to be a prerequisite .
the presence of a health and safety officer would also seem to be a [condition] .

While possession of a good Honours Degree in Celtic ( or Irish or Welsh ) is a normal prerequisite for the research degrees , candidates with an equivalent qualification in a related field may apply .
while possession of a good honours degree in celtic ( or irish or welsh ) is a normal [condition] for the research degrees , candidates with an equivalent qualification in a related field may apply .

You could safely disregard Paul 's opinion that marriage was a prerequisite of life at the top , because Owen could think of notable exceptions , Kitchener included .
you could safely disregard paul 's opinion that marriage was a [condition] of life at the top , because owen could think of notable exceptions , kitchener included .

Possession of the ‘ professional ’ law subjects mentioned earlier is a prerequisite for entry to the Diploma .
possession of the ‘ professional ’ law subjects mentioned earlier is a [condition] for entry to the diploma .

Sponsorship is not a prerequisite for any of our courses but we are happy for students to arrange sponsorship if they wish to do so .
sponsorship is not a [condition] for any of our courses but we are happy for students to arrange sponsorship if they wish to do so .

In the post-colonial state this phenomenon is usually referred to as ‘ national integration ’ or the development of an administrative ‘ capability ’ ( a prerequisite of integration ) .
in the post-colonial state this phenomenon is usually referred to as ‘ national integration ’ or the development of an administrative ‘ capability ’ ( a [condition] of integration ) .

It is unclear whether a poor nutritional state is a prerequisite for efficacy of elemental diet , whether previously treated patients respond as well , or how duration of remission using elemental diet compares with corticosteroid induced remission .
it is unclear whether a poor nutritional state is a [condition] for efficacy of elemental diet , whether previously treated patients respond as well , or how duration of remission using elemental diet compares with corticosteroid induced remission .

Some complementary therapies meet this prerequisite : homoeopathy works in certain situations ; manual therapy is effective for low back pain ; electroacupuncture relieves symptoms of fibromyalgia ; plant products are helpful in various conditions ; hydrotherapy can prevent common colds and alleviate the symptoms of varicose veins .
some complementary therapies meet this [condition] : homoeopathy works in certain situations ; manual therapy is effective for low back pain ; electroacupuncture relieves symptoms of fibromyalgia ; plant products are helpful in various conditions ; hydrotherapy can prevent common colds and alleviate the symptoms of varicose veins .

This method ensures configuration control of software issues , and forms what is equally clearly the prerequisite of software management .
this method ensures configuration control of software issues , and forms what is equally clearly the [condition] of software management .

Mutations are continually occurring in nature and are the basis for breeding — indeed they are a prerequisite for the evolutionary process of natural selection .
mutations are continually occurring in nature and are the basis for breeding — indeed they are a [condition] for the evolutionary process of natural selection .

Executive secretary Abbas Bundu stressed the need for political stability as a prerequisite for achieving the organization 's aim of economic integration .
executive secretary abbas bundu stressed the need for political stability as a [condition] for achieving the organization 's aim of economic integration .

North Korea 's proposals concentrated upon reducing military and political confrontation as a prerequisite to seeking improvements in the economic , cultural or social spheres .
north korea 's proposals concentrated upon reducing military and political confrontation as a [condition] to seeking improvements in the economic , cultural or social spheres .

The substitution of the eight-count indictment , in place of the single possession charge filed immediately after his arrest , appeared to result from Barry 's adamant refusal to resign as mayor , a prerequisite for the negotiation of a plea bargain with the authorities .
the substitution of the eight-count indictment , in place of the single possession charge filed immediately after his arrest , appeared to result from barry 's adamant refusal to resign as mayor , a [condition] for the negotiation of a plea bargain with the authorities .

Dramatic scenes seem to be the prerequisite with an eye to how photographs will look in sales material and advertisements .
dramatic scenes seem to be the [condition] with an eye to how photographs will look in sales material and advertisements .

Accurate and true representation is an important prerequisite governing potential worth of a visual aid such as this .
accurate and true representation is an important [condition] governing potential worth of a visual aid such as this .

Is my hon. Friend aware that in many local education authorities , not least in London , it is a prerequisite for a discretionary award that a student lives for at least three years within the borough concerned ? Will he give at least gentle guidance to LEAs suggesting that it is not reasonable for students to be excluded from discretionary grants merely because their parents have moved home ?
is my hon. friend aware that in many local education authorities , not least in london , it is a [condition] for a discretionary award that a student lives for at least three years within the borough concerned ? will he give at least gentle guidance to leas suggesting that it is not reasonable for students to be excluded from discretionary grants merely because their parents have moved home ?

That would be an essential prerequisite for any United Nations force being asked to take over a policing operation .
that would be an essential [condition] for any united nations force being asked to take over a policing operation .

The Secretary of State may try to dodge the issue but tonight he is asking us to allow him and British Coal to pay for the top-of-the-range redundancy levels which the interim report from Rothschild urges as a necessary prerequisite for privatisation —
the secretary of state may try to dodge the issue but tonight he is asking us to allow him and british coal to pay for the top-of-the-range redundancy levels which the interim report from rothschild urges as a necessary [condition] for privatisation —

If markets fail to allocate resources efficiently because of the existence of externalities , then the first prerequisite for efficient government intervention is making good the market 's informational failures .
if markets fail to allocate resources efficiently because of the existence of externalities , then the first [condition] for efficient government intervention is making good the market 's informational failures .

In the first place , they were conceived by the peoples concerned as an essential prerequisite to any major development of their societies .
in the first place , they were conceived by the peoples concerned as an essential [condition] to any major development of their societies .

It may be that a prerequisite for obtaining reversals in the effects of risk on recognition is that there is a reasonable amount of peripheral information available in the situation .
it may be that a [condition] for obtaining reversals in the effects of risk on recognition is that there is a reasonable amount of peripheral information available in the situation .

The first , straightforward , prerequisite is to distinguish this clearly from the postnominal attributive position which we discussed in the previous chapter since they are , after all , superficially identical as sequences .
the first , straightforward , [condition] is to distinguish this clearly from the postnominal attributive position which we discussed in the previous chapter since they are , after all , superficially identical as sequences .

Similarly , questionnaire designers are keenly sensitive to questions about meaning as a prerequisite for framing their questions appropriately , constructing attitude scales , as well as interpreting the results .
similarly , questionnaire designers are keenly sensitive to questions about meaning as a [condition] for framing their questions appropriately , constructing attitude scales , as well as interpreting the results .

In its report , Sub-Saharan Africa : From Crisis to Sustainable Growth , published on Nov. 22 , 1989 , the World Bank reaffirmed the need for structural adjustment programmes ( SAPs ) as a prerequisite for economic recovery , but laid greater emphasis on `` human-centred `` development .
in its report , sub-saharan africa : from crisis to sustainable growth , published on nov. 22 , 1989 , the world bank reaffirmed the need for structural adjustment programmes ( saps ) as a [condition] for economic recovery , but laid greater emphasis on `` human-centred `` development .

Giving cautious backing to the Dengist campaign , Li nevertheless warned that the maintenance of social and political stability was the `` prerequisite for reform `` , and that the government had to `` be on the watch for any ideological trend towards bourgeois liberalization , … otherwise there will be serious consequences `` .
giving cautious backing to the dengist campaign , li nevertheless warned that the maintenance of social and political stability was the `` [condition] for reform `` , and that the government had to `` be on the watch for any ideological trend towards bourgeois liberalization , … otherwise there will be serious consequences `` .

Second , health care can not be treated like any other commodity since health is a prerequisite for every other activity of living , and denying appropriate care to those unable to pay is morally unacceptable .
second , health care can not be treated like any other commodity since health is a [condition] for every other activity of living , and denying appropriate care to those unable to pay is morally unacceptable .

The right to good quality information for patients and the public was the essential prerequisite to enable them to do so .
the right to good quality information for patients and the public was the essential [condition] to enable them to do so .

In Euripidean drama , we see the results of `` aesthetic Socratism `` , the outlook that makes intelligibility a prerequisite of beauty — a counterpart to Socrates ' notion that only the man of knowledge can be virtuous .
in euripidean drama , we see the results of `` aesthetic socratism `` , the outlook that makes intelligibility a [condition] of beauty — a counterpart to socrates ' notion that only the man of knowledge can be virtuous .

Although this relationship is complex , mortality reduction may be a prerequisite to a decline in fertility . ``
although this relationship is complex , mortality reduction may be a [condition] to a decline in fertility . ``

But several important demographic factors can be identified as prerequisite , for a variety of reasons , in any circumstances .
but several important demographic factors can be identified as [condition] , for a variety of reasons , in any circumstances .

The development of cholangitis as a late complication occurred only in patients in whom a sphincterotomy was not carried out and this might be considered a prerequisite in all patients in whom an endoprosthesis is inserted as long term therapy .
the development of cholangitis as a late complication occurred only in patients in whom a sphincterotomy was not carried out and this might be considered a [condition] in all patients in whom an endoprosthesis is inserted as long term therapy .

Biliary supersaturation with cholesterol is a prerequisite for cholesterol gallstone formation .
biliary supersaturation with cholesterol is a [condition] for cholesterol gallstone formation .

Oxygen is a prerequisite for the efficient production of energy in aerobic organisms and yet the diatomic oxygen molecules on which we depend are themselves ‘ diradicals ’ and major promoters of free radical chemistry . Although oxygen is a good oxidising agent ( atom or molecule that accepts electrons from the molecule it oxidises ) , restrictions on the direction of spin of the electrons it accepts means that it usually accepts these one at a time as shown in the following equations :
oxygen is a [condition] for the efficient production of energy in aerobic organisms and yet the diatomic oxygen molecules on which we depend are themselves ‘ diradicals ’ and major promoters of free radical chemistry . although oxygen is a good oxidising agent ( atom or molecule that accepts electrons from the molecule it oxidises ) , restrictions on the direction of spin of the electrons it accepts means that it usually accepts these one at a time as shown in the following equations :

It thus seems that a histologically normal intestine is a prerequisite for adequate carnitine absorption .
it thus seems that a histologically normal intestine is a [condition] for adequate carnitine absorption .

Accordingly , it seems as though only small fragments of gliadin can be taken up , and that an intraluminal digestion of orally ingested gliadin is a prerequisite for the uptake .
accordingly , it seems as though only small fragments of gliadin can be taken up , and that an intraluminal digestion of orally ingested gliadin is a [condition] for the uptake .

Therefore acid inhibition is not a prerequisite for the hyperplasia .
therefore acid inhibition is not a [condition] for the hyperplasia .

‘ The prerequisite for a 24-hour football channel is signing a contract with the Football League , ’ admits Jim Cadman .
‘ the [condition] for a 24-hour football channel is signing a contract with the football league , ’ admits jim cadman .

My companions complained of the lack of hands-on , push-button displays , a prerequisite for the young these days , but they enjoyed the state banquet and the rooms , and were sure the show would be a great success with tourists .
my companions complained of the lack of hands-on , push-button displays , a [condition] for the young these days , but they enjoyed the state banquet and the rooms , and were sure the show would be a great success with tourists .

Our proposals for electoral and constitutional reform are a prerequisite for better economic performance .
our proposals for electoral and constitutional reform are a [condition] for better economic performance .

If managerial functions are to be carried out both efficiently and effectively , then it is a prerequisite that high quality information is available to inform decision making at the various managerial levels . Laudon and Laudon ( 1988 p. vii ) draw attention to this dependence on the type and quality of information provided :
if managerial functions are to be carried out both efficiently and effectively , then it is a [condition] that high quality information is available to inform decision making at the various managerial levels . laudon and laudon ( 1988 p. vii ) draw attention to this dependence on the type and quality of information provided :

The building of a hotel and golf course as well as an extra 30 corporate hospitality boxes at Lingfield was the sort of commercial diversification that the Muddles see as a prerequisite to transforming racecourses into the nice little earners they should be .
the building of a hotel and golf course as well as an extra 30 corporate hospitality boxes at lingfield was the sort of commercial diversification that the muddles see as a [condition] to transforming racecourses into the nice little earners they should be .

This returns us to Arendt 's observation that secrecy is a prerequisite of totalitarianism , for those involved in the executive use of power know that to reveal is antagonistic to its maintenance .
this returns us to arendt 's observation that secrecy is a [condition] of totalitarianism , for those involved in the executive use of power know that to reveal is antagonistic to its maintenance .

Such well-tempered regulations of gene activity are a prerequisite for the evolution of embryologies capable of crafting complex tissues and organs .
such well-tempered regulations of gene activity are a [condition] for the evolution of embryologies capable of crafting complex tissues and organs .

Cases alleging ‘ criminal conversation ’ , which begin as a means of giving compensation to the husband for a lover 's access to his wife and ending ( by the late eighteenth century ) as a necessary prerequisite for full divorce by Act of Parliament , provide another .
cases alleging ‘ criminal conversation ’ , which begin as a means of giving compensation to the husband for a lover 's access to his wife and ending ( by the late eighteenth century ) as a necessary [condition] for full divorce by act of parliament , provide another .

Such writers as the English philosopher Locke had argues that the security of private property was an essential prerequisite for the evolutionary progress of society and increasing human happiness .
such writers as the english philosopher locke had argues that the security of private property was an essential [condition] for the evolutionary progress of society and increasing human happiness .

‘ Improved economic performance is , on the contrary , a prerequisite to the solution of the problems we and they face .
‘ improved economic performance is , on the contrary , a [condition] to the solution of the problems we and they face .

He viewed the establishment of mutual recognition and trust as a prerequisite for the future prosperity of the region and was largely responsible for its realisation with the creation of the non-Islamic Republic of Indonesia .
he viewed the establishment of mutual recognition and trust as a [condition] for the future prosperity of the region and was largely responsible for its realisation with the creation of the non-islamic republic of indonesia .

However , high population densities are certainly not a prerequisite for inequalities and a class structure to arise .
however , high population densities are certainly not a [condition] for inequalities and a class structure to arise .

In many countries with very unequal land holdings , land reform is considered an essential prerequisite to a successful soil conservation programme ( e.g .
in many countries with very unequal land holdings , land reform is considered an essential [condition] to a successful soil conservation programme ( e.g .

Another prerequisite therefore may be a closer matching of political and military strength which would oblige Israel to think in new ways .
another [condition] therefore may be a closer matching of political and military strength which would oblige israel to think in new ways .

Nevertheless , Meyer 's stalking-horse challenge in 1989 may well have been a necessary prerequisite for the substantive challenge in 1990 because it broke the psychological barrier against mounting a challenge when the party was in office .
nevertheless , meyer 's stalking-horse challenge in 1989 may well have been a necessary [condition] for the substantive challenge in 1990 because it broke the psychological barrier against mounting a challenge when the party was in office .

Strength , it turned out , is n't a prerequisite ( lucky thing , since tenor bells can weigh the same as a Mini ) ; in skilled hands the bell does most of the work , but a full ringing circle demands that the ringer first gets the bell moving and gradually increases the swing until the bell is balanced or ‘ set ’ with the mouth uppermost , ready to be rung on .
strength , it turned out , is n't a [condition] ( lucky thing , since tenor bells can weigh the same as a mini ) ; in skilled hands the bell does most of the work , but a full ringing circle demands that the ringer first gets the bell moving and gradually increases the swing until the bell is balanced or ‘ set ’ with the mouth uppermost , ready to be rung on .

There were also closures such as the short section of electrified line between Elmers End and Sanderstead ( near Croydon ) , Coulsdon North to enable Brighton line resignalling works to proceed , and Broad Street as a prerequisite of the redevelopment of Liverpool Street .
there were also closures such as the short section of electrified line between elmers end and sanderstead ( near croydon ) , coulsdon north to enable brighton line resignalling works to proceed , and broad street as a [condition] of the redevelopment of liverpool street .

For many workers , the ability to survive a drug test , most commonly a urinalysis for illicit chemicals such as cannabis and cocaine , is becoming a prerequisite to getting and holding a job .
for many workers , the ability to survive a drug test , most commonly a urinalysis for illicit chemicals such as cannabis and cocaine , is becoming a [condition] to getting and holding a job .

It is a prerequisite of successful teaching of reading , especially in the early stages , that whenever techniques are taught , or books are chosen for children 's use , meaning should always be in the foreground .
it is a [condition] of successful teaching of reading , especially in the early stages , that whenever techniques are taught , or books are chosen for children 's use , meaning should always be in the foreground .

Sure enough , after persuading President Suleiman Franjieh to request their help — a formal prerequisite which the Syrians characteristically demanded for their army 's advance — armoured units of President Assad 's forces moved into the Bekaa Valley .
sure enough , after persuading president suleiman franjieh to request their help — a formal [condition] which the syrians characteristically demanded for their army 's advance — armoured units of president assad 's forces moved into the bekaa valley .

The board master performs this service on a voluntary basis and the prerequisite of being board master is knowing the fishing thoroughly ; because he has to tell new guests where to go , how to get there , which path to take , which bog to avoid , where not to fall in — so he really must know what he is talking about .
the board master performs this service on a voluntary basis and the [condition] of being board master is knowing the fishing thoroughly ; because he has to tell new guests where to go , how to get there , which path to take , which bog to avoid , where not to fall in — so he really must know what he is talking about .

Another way out of the problem of fraud could be to require from both parties the presentation of a birth certificate as a prerequisite for the issuing of a marriage licence , as is done in some states in the United States .
another way out of the problem of fraud could be to require from both parties the presentation of a birth certificate as a [condition] for the issuing of a marriage licence , as is done in some states in the united states .

The social prerequisite of the long trend in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries towards lower crime and disorder , and greater police acceptance , was the historical process of working-class incorporation .
the social [condition] of the long trend in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries towards lower crime and disorder , and greater police acceptance , was the historical process of working-class incorporation .

Only by restoring the confidence of these sectors can crime control by the police be successful , and the prerequisite of this is democratic accountability to local communities .
only by restoring the confidence of these sectors can crime control by the police be successful , and the [condition] of this is democratic accountability to local communities .

In Pomerania the general impoverishment and the already poor Pomeranian soil meant that very few peasants could gather together enough money to buy their own farm equipment — a necessary prerequisite for purchase of their land from the estate — nor could they ever manage to garner a purchase price that was often the equivalent of over 25 years ' rent .
in pomerania the general impoverishment and the already poor pomeranian soil meant that very few peasants could gather together enough money to buy their own farm equipment — a necessary [condition] for purchase of their land from the estate — nor could they ever manage to garner a purchase price that was often the equivalent of over 25 years ' rent .

Studies of use , and of potential use , are an essential prerequisite for the sort of value judgements ( see below ) which must be made about book provision .
studies of use , and of potential use , are an essential [condition] for the sort of value judgements ( see below ) which must be made about book provision .

But if general managers were the prerequisite for revolution , they are not , themselves , the substance of revolution .
but if general managers were the [condition] for revolution , they are not , themselves , the substance of revolution .

It is dealt with first because not only is it an important form of legal control through the tort of nuisance , but it is a prerequisite to understanding the controls afforded by the Public Health legislation , discussed in Chapter 3 .
it is dealt with first because not only is it an important form of legal control through the tort of nuisance , but it is a [condition] to understanding the controls afforded by the public health legislation , discussed in chapter 3 .

In addition , an increase in production , or even in investment , does not automatically lead to an increase in jobs — the norm is usually the exact opposite , and shedding labour is a prerequisite for a firm 's expansion .
in addition , an increase in production , or even in investment , does not automatically lead to an increase in jobs — the norm is usually the exact opposite , and shedding labour is a [condition] for a firm 's expansion .

Clients expect high-level advice and in a constantly evolving technical profession , training is a prerequisite for competence .
clients expect high-level advice and in a constantly evolving technical profession , training is a [condition] for competence .

Having reliable data for the current year is , of course , a prerequisite of good budgets .
having reliable data for the current year is , of course , a [condition] of good budgets .

The procedure is laid down in the 1971 Planning Act — Section 26 — and is a prerequisite for a valid application .
the procedure is laid down in the 1971 planning act — section 26 — and is a [condition] for a valid application .

However , the increasing difficulty of finding evidence , let alone proof , of what actually has been the use since 1963 , the prerequisite for such a certificate , makes the procedure increasingly difficult to use .
however , the increasing difficulty of finding evidence , let alone proof , of what actually has been the use since 1963 , the [condition] for such a certificate , makes the procedure increasingly difficult to use .

The developer may , for example , be very happy to improve a road junction as an essential prerequisite to his proposed development , but often this can not be assured by a condition .
the developer may , for example , be very happy to improve a road junction as an essential [condition] to his proposed development , but often this can not be assured by a condition .

Whether you are perceiving the planet from only a few feet up or from around the lofty peaks of mountains and hillsides , excellent sight ( or sonar ) is almost a prerequisite : there are hosts of obstacles to circumnavigate and far distances to discern if you travel by air !
whether you are perceiving the planet from only a few feet up or from around the lofty peaks of mountains and hillsides , excellent sight ( or sonar ) is almost a [condition] : there are hosts of obstacles to circumnavigate and far distances to discern if you travel by air !

Where free volume is unrelaxed , this allows segmental mobility that , in turn , is a prerequisite for further monomer conversion ( Fig .
where free volume is unrelaxed , this allows segmental mobility that , in turn , is a [condition] for further monomer conversion ( fig .

By this is meant that the student must have the prerequisite knowledge and skills to begin learning the task .
by this is meant that the student must have the [condition] knowledge and skills to begin learning the task .

It is necessary for the teacher to ensure that the student can perform any prerequisite skills , can make any discriminations and possesses the concepts and rules required during performance .
it is necessary for the teacher to ensure that the student can perform any [condition] skills , can make any discriminations and possesses the concepts and rules required during performance .

Determine whether the student has the prerequisite knowledge and skills .
determine whether the student has the [condition] knowledge and skills .

By ensuring the student has the prerequisite knowledge and skills , the time involved can be reduced considerably .
by ensuring the student has the [condition] knowledge and skills , the time involved can be reduced considerably .

When choosing pictures for teaching , the teacher must have regard for the suitability of the picture and also consider whether the learner has the prerequisite knowledge to understand the picture . Has it interest value ? Are the cues contained within the picture strong enough for their proper interpretation ? What is the overall quality of the picture ?
when choosing pictures for teaching , the teacher must have regard for the suitability of the picture and also consider whether the learner has the [condition] knowledge to understand the picture . has it interest value ? are the cues contained within the picture strong enough for their proper interpretation ? what is the overall quality of the picture ?

The prerequisite knowledge of the cardiac cycle must be fully understood however , as must the ‘ normal ’ electrocardiogram .
the [condition] knowledge of the cardiac cycle must be fully understood however , as must the ‘ normal ’ electrocardiogram .

The programme would include the prerequisite knowledge for understanding the principles and concepts of the pathological process , the development of the abnormal body function and the skills required to nurse the patients and assess their short and long term needs .
the programme would include the [condition] knowledge for understanding the principles and concepts of the pathological process , the development of the abnormal body function and the skills required to nurse the patients and assess their short and long term needs .

Prerequisite Knowledge
[condition] knowledge

Although some prior knowledge of programming and/or statistics is an advantage , it is not a prerequisite for the course .
although some prior knowledge of programming and/or statistics is an advantage , it is not a [condition] for the course .

In spite of innovative work with colour coding ( now entirely dismantled ) by Carey at Hatfield Polytechnic Library in the 1970s where he emphasized that an effective library guiding system was an important prerequisite to any library instruction programme , the subject received little serious attention by libraries until the end of the decade .
in spite of innovative work with colour coding ( now entirely dismantled ) by carey at hatfield polytechnic library in the 1970s where he emphasized that an effective library guiding system was an important [condition] to any library instruction programme , the subject received little serious attention by libraries until the end of the decade .

Moreover , in the simplest of terms , it was correctly felt that occupational satisfaction , which a sense of ‘ service ’ could create , was a prerequisite of a stable political culture .
moreover , in the simplest of terms , it was correctly felt that occupational satisfaction , which a sense of ‘ service ’ could create , was a [condition] of a stable political culture .

Since rural development here is a major aim of government policy , such research is an essential prerequisite to the formulation of efficient management programmes : clearly , long-term development of this kind is only sustainable if the soil resource is adequate , especially in a country that already has a widespread soil erosion problem .
since rural development here is a major aim of government policy , such research is an essential [condition] to the formulation of efficient management programmes : clearly , long-term development of this kind is only sustainable if the soil resource is adequate , especially in a country that already has a widespread soil erosion problem .

Once again , these examples illustrate the significance of social , economic and political factors in land-use policies ( or their absence ) that fail to consider conservation measures as a necessary prerequisite for long-term sustainable productivity and development .
once again , these examples illustrate the significance of social , economic and political factors in land-use policies ( or their absence ) that fail to consider conservation measures as a necessary [condition] for long-term sustainable productivity and development .

There are advantages to listening in a face-to-face conversation which communication links such as the telephone and tape recorder do not offer , although being in the presence of the speaker is not an absolute prerequisite for ‘ effective listening ’ .
there are advantages to listening in a face-to-face conversation which communication links such as the telephone and tape recorder do not offer , although being in the presence of the speaker is not an absolute [condition] for ‘ effective listening ’ .

A vital prerequisite for enacting this perspective is that parents , especially , must arrange their lives in such a way as to invest time and energy in young children .
a vital [condition] for enacting this perspective is that parents , especially , must arrange their lives in such a way as to invest time and energy in young children .

It is establishing a program for certifying agents as intelligence officers , a certification that will be a prerequisite for promotion to the senior ranks of the Bureau .
it is establishing a program for certifying agents as intelligence officers , a certification that will be a [condition] for promotion to the senior ranks of the bureau .

Taking into account the above findings and choosing the right combination of stock/scion , we have managed to significantly increase the efficiency of graft-transmitted silencing , a prerequisite for continuing the search for the systemic signal .
taking into account the above findings and choosing the right combination of stock/scion , we have managed to significantly increase the efficiency of graft-transmitted silencing , a [condition] for continuing the search for the systemic signal .

Under Reed 's leadership , the Christian Coalition was more politically savvy , more open to compromise with the nonreligious right , and more accepting of the reality that Republican victory was a prerequisite for any kind of conservative change .
under reed 's leadership , the christian coalition was more politically savvy , more open to compromise with the nonreligious right , and more accepting of the reality that republican victory was a [condition] for any kind of conservative change .

Planets are a prerequisite for extraterrestrial life , and one astronomer now guesses `` there are planets around 30 to 50 percent of stars . ''
planets are a [condition] for extraterrestrial life , and one astronomer now guesses `` there are planets around 30 to 50 percent of stars . ''

An essay claims skating 's quadruple jump ( Stojko 's specialty ) is overrated , and should n't be a prerequisite for the gold .
an essay claims skating 's quadruple jump ( stojko 's specialty ) is overrated , and should n't be a [condition] for the gold .

Instead of giving artful non-answers to tough questions -- a prerequisite talent for politicians -- Armey usually lets fly a smart-aleck comment that gets him in trouble : Soon after becoming majority leader , he referred to Rep. Barney Frank , D-Mass. , as `` Barney Fag . ''
instead of giving artful non-answers to tough questions -- a [condition] talent for politicians -- armey usually lets fly a smart-aleck comment that gets him in trouble : soon after becoming majority leader , he referred to rep. barney frank , d-mass. , as `` barney fag . ''

To ward off lawsuits , directors and producers avoid signing rejection letters , making it difficult to prove that they had prior access to the material , a legal prerequisite to prove copyright infringement .
to ward off lawsuits , directors and producers avoid signing rejection letters , making it difficult to prove that they had prior access to the material , a legal [condition] to prove copyright infringement .

It is good news for adoptive parents that neither genetic relationship nor conscious awareness of genetic relationship is a prerequisite for love .
it is good news for adoptive parents that neither genetic relationship nor conscious awareness of genetic relationship is a [condition] for love .

Stein 's dubious miracle -- a prerequisite to sainthood -- was to `` cure '' a Boston girl named after her who overdosed on Tylenol in 1987 .
stein 's dubious miracle -- a [condition] to sainthood -- was to `` cure '' a boston girl named after her who overdosed on tylenol in 1987 .

The surface story : Netanyahu rejected Clinton 's demand that Israel accept withdrawal from another 13 percent of the West Bank as a prerequisite for further U.S. peace talks .
the surface story : netanyahu rejected clinton 's demand that israel accept withdrawal from another 13 percent of the west bank as a [condition] for further u.s. peace talks .

Overating is a prerequisite for becoming obese .
overating is a [condition] for becoming obese .

