Rapid turnaround times , value-added service , reliable distribution and guaranteed security and confidentiality are all prerequisites when it comes to handling time-sensitive and price-sensitive information .
rapid turnaround times , value-added service , reliable distribution and guaranteed security and confidentiality are all [conditions] when it comes to handling time-sensitive and price-sensitive information .

He also stressed the importance of a sensible diet , fresh air , plenty of exercise and good hygiene as being prerequisites of a healthy life — factors which were almost entirely ignored by or unknown to the majority of his colleagues .
he also stressed the importance of a sensible diet , fresh air , plenty of exercise and good hygiene as being [conditions] of a healthy life — factors which were almost entirely ignored by or unknown to the majority of his colleagues .

Strength and independence are useful prerequisites in de-fending ourselves against the effects of stress , but they need the support of a communal sense of responsibility , of sharing a load , and of sharing it fairly in order to make the load feel lighter .
strength and independence are useful [conditions] in de-fending ourselves against the effects of stress , but they need the support of a communal sense of responsibility , of sharing a load , and of sharing it fairly in order to make the load feel lighter .

When seeking ways to integrate children certain prerequisites are necessary which will affect the school 's organisational structure .
when seeking ways to integrate children certain [conditions] are necessary which will affect the school 's organisational structure .

The long-term prerequisites for headhunting were , in the case of Britain , negative rather than positive .
the long-term [conditions] for headhunting were , in the case of britain , negative rather than positive .

Each package would probably equate to a half module and there should be a clear set of prerequisites .
each package would probably equate to a half module and there should be a clear set of [conditions] .

The importance of developmental prerequisites
the importance of developmental [conditions]

If ordinary children build their linguistic abilities on antecedent social and cognitive abilities , these may , in fact , be necessary prerequisites for the emergence of language .
if ordinary children build their linguistic abilities on antecedent social and cognitive abilities , these may , in fact , be necessary [conditions] for the emergence of language .

The 1880s saw a major effort to clarify the law and simplify court procedure , both of which were seen as essential prerequisites for improving the efficiency of the judicial system .
the 1880s saw a major effort to clarify the law and simplify court procedure , both of which were seen as essential [conditions] for improving the efficiency of the judicial system .

It rightly adds that the exercise of such a right must be done ‘ while keeping in mind the necessary unity of the whole Church ’ , but also that a ‘ strict observance of this traditional principle is among the prerequisites for any restoration of unity ’ .
it rightly adds that the exercise of such a right must be done ‘ while keeping in mind the necessary unity of the whole church ’ , but also that a ‘ strict observance of this traditional principle is among the [conditions] for any restoration of unity ’ .

There are some obvious prerequisites for the interpreting role if the member of a community is to be fairly represented and have the opportunity to participate fully in decision making .
there are some obvious [conditions] for the interpreting role if the member of a community is to be fairly represented and have the opportunity to participate fully in decision making .

First , there are problems over ‘ ambiguity ’ , and whether to use Fielding 's definition of counterurbanization as the opposite of urbanization , or to extend the term to Robert and Randolph 's ( 1983 ) prerequisites including both decentralization and deconcentration .
first , there are problems over ‘ ambiguity ’ , and whether to use fielding 's definition of counterurbanization as the opposite of urbanization , or to extend the term to robert and randolph 's ( 1983 ) [conditions] including both decentralization and deconcentration .

Here the public interest in encouraging the private provision of a transport infrastructure and the other prerequisites of industrial development were manifest , and the comparative willingness of the state to provide a business vehicle that would facilitate the accumulation of the vast sums of capital required is readily comprehensible in that light .
here the public interest in encouraging the private provision of a transport infrastructure and the other [conditions] of industrial development were manifest , and the comparative willingness of the state to provide a business vehicle that would facilitate the accumulation of the vast sums of capital required is readily comprehensible in that light .

Organizational prerequisites
organizational [conditions]

The author 's model addresses the critical relationships among these three states as well as the ten prerequisites previously discussed . It consists of the following steps :
the author 's model addresses the critical relationships among these three states as well as the ten [conditions] previously discussed . it consists of the following steps :

These in turn have raised difficulties of evidence and proof in law which legislatures have attempted to circumvent by rejecting the traditional prerequisites of some degree of mental intent on the part of the deviant actor — the concept of mens rea — in favour of the ostensibly more easily managed notion of strict liability , permitting ( in theory ) legal enforceability of a prohibition without regard to the blameworthiness of the actor ( Harvard Law Review , 1979 ; Jacobs , 1971 ; Paulus , 1974 ) .
these in turn have raised difficulties of evidence and proof in law which legislatures have attempted to circumvent by rejecting the traditional [conditions] of some degree of mental intent on the part of the deviant actor — the concept of mens rea — in favour of the ostensibly more easily managed notion of strict liability , permitting ( in theory ) legal enforceability of a prohibition without regard to the blameworthiness of the actor ( harvard law review , 1979 ; jacobs , 1971 ; paulus , 1974 ) .

Changing health : Prerequisites
changing health : [conditions]

Functional prerequisites
functional [conditions]

These requirements are sometimes known as ‘ functional prerequisites ’ .
these requirements are sometimes known as ‘ functional [conditions] ’ .

These needs are known as functional prerequisites .
these needs are known as functional [conditions] .

The major functions of social institutions are those which help to meet the functional prerequisites of society .
the major functions of social institutions are those which help to meet the functional [conditions] of society .

The behaviour of members of society can be seen as a response to the functional prerequisites of the social system .
the behaviour of members of society can be seen as a response to the functional [conditions] of the social system .

The major institutions of society are justified by the belief that they are meeting the functional prerequisites of the social system .
the major institutions of society are justified by the belief that they are meeting the functional [conditions] of the social system .

They assume that society has certain basic needs or functional prerequisites which must be met if it is to survive .
they assume that society has certain basic needs or functional [conditions] which must be met if it is to survive .

They therefore look to social stratification to see how far it meets these functional prerequisites .
they therefore look to social stratification to see how far it meets these functional [conditions] .

They argue that all social systems share certain functional prerequisites which must be met if the system is to survive and operate efficiently .
they argue that all social systems share certain functional [conditions] which must be met if the system is to survive and operate efficiently .

‘ Since the production and circulation of commodities are the general prerequisites of the capitalist mode of production , division of labour in manufacture requires that a division of labour within society should have already attained a certain degree of development ’ ( 1976 , p. 473 ) . Once established , capitalist commodity production then pushes yet further the division of labour by branches :
‘ since the production and circulation of commodities are the general [conditions] of the capitalist mode of production , division of labour in manufacture requires that a division of labour within society should have already attained a certain degree of development ’ ( 1976 , p. 473 ) . once established , capitalist commodity production then pushes yet further the division of labour by branches :

The first communities combining these prerequisites were those which emerged towards the end of the Pleistocene .
the first communities combining these [conditions] were those which emerged towards the end of the pleistocene .

Both the economic and the social prerequisites for socialism matured .
both the economic and the social [conditions] for socialism matured .

What he feels is an even more important point is that the prerequisites for degradability are also excluded , if air and water are excluded .
what he feels is an even more important point is that the [conditions] for degradability are also excluded , if air and water are excluded .

Rommetveit argues against ‘ the notion of identifying reference as an unequivocally defined point in a monistic and epistemological transparent space , constructed on axiomatic prerequisites for specific operations within formal logic ’ … where ‘ the severe laws of truth values prescribe that the speaker must know him ( the indicated entity ) fully or not at all ’ ( 1974 : 48 ) .
rommetveit argues against ‘ the notion of identifying reference as an unequivocally defined point in a monistic and epistemological transparent space , constructed on axiomatic [conditions] for specific operations within formal logic ’ … where ‘ the severe laws of truth values prescribe that the speaker must know him ( the indicated entity ) fully or not at all ’ ( 1974 : 48 ) .

What are the prerequisites before counselling another human being ?
what are the [conditions] before counselling another human being ?

The two prerequisites for a transfer , apart from the representative relationship with the licence-holder , are possession of the premises and fitness for holding a licence .
the two [conditions] for a transfer , apart from the representative relationship with the licence-holder , are possession of the premises and fitness for holding a licence .

All too often these prerequisites were withheld , especially but not exclusively in the early stages of the Programme .
all too often these [conditions] were withheld , especially but not exclusively in the early stages of the programme .

variation in prerequisites as a result of the three changes above ;
variation in [conditions] as a result of the three changes above ;

The basic tool is likely to be a report to a headteacher or to a school committee and this chapter will attempt to suggest possible approaches to writing such a report , the prerequisites for the compilation of the report , who should write the report and the possible content of such a report .
the basic tool is likely to be a report to a headteacher or to a school committee and this chapter will attempt to suggest possible approaches to writing such a report , the [conditions] for the compilation of the report , who should write the report and the possible content of such a report .

The idea that design was a form of knowing in its own right — and one moreover significantly different from and possibly , in certain respects , superior to , the analogous `` prestige `` model — was never explored ; indeed given the processes of false rationalism noted above , could never have been since the prerequisites of a truly rational model of design activity — comprehension of all of design 's moments as a prelude to modelling what whole they constituted in interaction — were never realised .
the idea that design was a form of knowing in its own right — and one moreover significantly different from and possibly , in certain respects , superior to , the analogous `` prestige `` model — was never explored ; indeed given the processes of false rationalism noted above , could never have been since the [conditions] of a truly rational model of design activity — comprehension of all of design 's moments as a prelude to modelling what whole they constituted in interaction — were never realised .

It is not simply a matter of reassuring teachers that their jobs and prerequisites are secure ; they must be drawn into discussions and decision-making which many have been able and happy to avoid .
it is not simply a matter of reassuring teachers that their jobs and [conditions] are secure ; they must be drawn into discussions and decision-making which many have been able and happy to avoid .

Finally , amongst the physical prerequisites for effective study , you need a place to study that is warm without being soporific , well-ventilated without being windswept , fresh without being frozen .
finally , amongst the physical [conditions] for effective study , you need a place to study that is warm without being soporific , well-ventilated without being windswept , fresh without being frozen .

if societies are to be viable , a number of basic conditions have to be achieved — a number of ‘ functional prerequisites ’ must be effectively satisfied ( e.g .
if societies are to be viable , a number of basic conditions have to be achieved — a number of ‘ functional [conditions] ’ must be effectively satisfied ( e.g .

By 1982 the dean was proposing introducing a ‘ demonstration project ’ which motivated students could enter ( with no specific academic prerequisites ) at the end of their second college year .
by 1982 the dean was proposing introducing a ‘ demonstration project ’ which motivated students could enter ( with no specific academic [conditions] ) at the end of their second college year .

For an ascent of the Whymper Couloir of the Aiguille Verte for instance , a midnight start and a six hour target time are prerequisites to success .
for an ascent of the whymper couloir of the aiguille verte for instance , a midnight start and a six hour target time are [conditions] to success .

management remuneration including prerequisites treatment of exceptional/extraordinary items
management remuneration including [conditions] treatment of exceptional/extraordinary items

The prerequisites for their successful implementation are identified along with the implications to the company of commencing a Quality Circle programme .
the [conditions] for their successful implementation are identified along with the implications to the company of commencing a quality circle programme .

Prerequisites and principles .
[conditions] and principles .

Five million roubles had already been allocated to aid resettlement , and a presidential decree had created the legal prerequisites .
five million roubles had already been allocated to aid resettlement , and a presidential decree had created the legal [conditions] .

But since one of the prerequisites of clean diesel engines is top quality fuel , the differences in the refining process are considerably narrowed .
but since one of the [conditions] of clean diesel engines is top quality fuel , the differences in the refining process are considerably narrowed .

One of the prerequisites of second-order experiencing is an element of initial submission : it requires a passive/active engagement .
one of the [conditions] of second-order experiencing is an element of initial submission : it requires a passive/active engagement .

Good relations with the community are one of the most important prerequisites to the successful discharge of a policeman 's duty and it is incumbent upon all members to avail of every opportunity to help reconcile and heal the visions in the community .
good relations with the community are one of the most important [conditions] to the successful discharge of a policeman 's duty and it is incumbent upon all members to avail of every opportunity to help reconcile and heal the visions in the community .

However , interested parties have to fulfil the following prerequisites :
however , interested parties have to fulfil the following [conditions] :

They were prerequisites — ‘ an unparalleled priority ’ — for dealing with inflation , the balance of payments deficit , unemployment , and funding the party 's policies for social justice .
they were [conditions] — ‘ an unparalleled priority ’ — for dealing with inflation , the balance of payments deficit , unemployment , and funding the party 's policies for social justice .

Sartre in particular was especially reprehensible as a consequence of his advocacy of ‘ la littérature engagée ’ — such a delineation of a social and political function for the writer was at direct variance with the formalist prerequisites of the nouveau roman .
sartre in particular was especially reprehensible as a consequence of his advocacy of ‘ la littérature engagée ’ — such a delineation of a social and political function for the writer was at direct variance with the formalist [conditions] of the nouveau roman .

Regan and Stewart ( 1982 ) had also earlier argued that they had insufficient legitimacy since members were neither elected or selected on the basis of expert knowledge , prerequisites of authority .
regan and stewart ( 1982 ) had also earlier argued that they had insufficient legitimacy since members were neither elected or selected on the basis of expert knowledge , [conditions] of authority .

It can be seen , therefore , that there are certain prerequisites necessary for the perception of an odour .
it can be seen , therefore , that there are certain [conditions] necessary for the perception of an odour .

Thinking about behaviour and its likely effects are prerequisites for considerate , helpful behaviour .
thinking about behaviour and its likely effects are [conditions] for considerate , helpful behaviour .

Success in a computing career has particular prerequisites : knowledge of computing principles ( these change only slowly ) , understanding of how the power of computers can be exploited ( this is continually changing ) , and skill in using hardware and software to achieve organizational goals .
success in a computing career has particular [conditions] : knowledge of computing principles ( these change only slowly ) , understanding of how the power of computers can be exploited ( this is continually changing ) , and skill in using hardware and software to achieve organizational goals .

The are therefore prerequisites of the transcendent journey .
the are therefore [conditions] of the transcendent journey .

Apparently it is the case in yeast and mammals that both recombination and double-strand breaks are also prerequisites for the proper formation of the synaptonemal complex ( SC ) ( Figure 2 ) and thus for proper orientation of the spindle apparatus and accurate segregation of chromosomes during meiosis ( Paques and Haber 1999 ; Lichten 2001 ; Hunter 2003 ; Page and Hawley 2003 ) .
apparently it is the case in yeast and mammals that both recombination and double-strand breaks are also [conditions] for the proper formation of the synaptonemal complex ( sc ) ( figure 2 ) and thus for proper orientation of the spindle apparatus and accurate segregation of chromosomes during meiosis ( paques and haber 1999 ; lichten 2001 ; hunter 2003 ; page and hawley 2003 ) .

The presence of liquid water is a powerful indication that the ecological prerequisites for life are satisfied .
the presence of liquid water is a powerful indication that the ecological [conditions] for life are satisfied .

The other two are prerequisites to coach under Jerry Tarkanian . ''
the other two are [conditions] to coach under jerry tarkanian . ''

It is not legally allowed to meet in private and can not even write its own final report -- prerequisites for any self-respecting commission .
it is not legally allowed to meet in private and can not even write its own final report -- [conditions] for any self-respecting commission .

