But in this contradiction between productivity and safety , between speed and conformity to regulations , which does the corporation prioritize ?
but in this contradiction between productivity and safety , between speed and conformity to regulations , which does the corporation [rank] ?

If we are to prioritize the study and publicization of one , surely it should be that which , in objective terms , causes more human suffering rather than the other which is perceived by the public to be the more serious even though they are clearly wrong .
if we are to [rank] the study and publicization of one , surely it should be that which , in objective terms , causes more human suffering rather than the other which is perceived by the public to be the more serious even though they are clearly wrong .

It was at a time when many lesbians , angry at the lack of weight given to women 's issues within the mixed movement and at the continuing sexism of many gay men , chose to prioritize work with the women 's movement .
it was at a time when many lesbians , angry at the lack of weight given to women 's issues within the mixed movement and at the continuing sexism of many gay men , chose to [rank] work with the women 's movement .

Are you able to prioritize ?
are you able to [rank] ?

News values and considerations of newsworthiness also prioritize events and they describe , establish and reinforce images and relationships of order and power in our society .
news values and considerations of newsworthiness also [rank] events and they describe , establish and reinforce images and relationships of order and power in our society .

In contrast , the issue of separate provision is suggested by anti-sexist policies , which might prioritize the creation of girls-only classes , women-run support groups , assertiveness training , etc .
in contrast , the issue of separate provision is suggested by anti-sexist policies , which might [rank] the creation of girls-only classes , women-run support groups , assertiveness training , etc .

What aspects of economy and society does each approach prioritize ?
what aspects of economy and society does each approach [rank] ?

The three theories are also selective in another way , in the concepts that they choose to prioritize over others .
the three theories are also selective in another way , in the concepts that they choose to [rank] over others .

In choosing to prioritize this characteristic , Bell draws attention to the occupational groups that he considers are in possession of this knowledge — the professional and technical groups .
in choosing to [rank] this characteristic , bell draws attention to the occupational groups that he considers are in possession of this knowledge — the professional and technical groups .

So unless you 're prepared to network the program , or invest in a colour printer , people will only be able to prioritize tasks if they see the schedule on your screen .
so unless you 're prepared to network the program , or invest in a colour printer , people will only be able to [rank] tasks if they see the schedule on your screen .

At councillor level a Policy and Resources Committee was proposed to prioritize resources , coordinate policy , and control programme implementation throughout the authority .
at councillor level a policy and resources committee was proposed to [rank] resources , coordinate policy , and control programme implementation throughout the authority .

In fact , the process of assessment requires of the practitioner the ability to apply a range of knowledge and theory , to formulate information in the light of knowledge and theory , to summarize , prioritize , analyse , make predictions , and to exercise the professional judgements necessary to balance competing imperatives and to assess risk .
in fact , the process of assessment requires of the practitioner the ability to apply a range of knowledge and theory , to formulate information in the light of knowledge and theory , to summarize , [rank] , analyse , make predictions , and to exercise the professional judgements necessary to balance competing imperatives and to assess risk .

The information collected will be diverse and complex , and the assessor must come to a view as to the relative importance of different pieces of information and prioritize the information into a manageable , but valid , summary .
the information collected will be diverse and complex , and the assessor must come to a view as to the relative importance of different pieces of information and [rank] the information into a manageable , but valid , summary .

Just as age affects the way people prioritize their goals , so too are there differences between cultures .
just as age affects the way people [rank] their goals , so too are there differences between cultures .

Nevertheless , state-centrists , transnational relations advocates and Marxists of several persuasions , while acknowledging the growing importance of the global system in one form or another , all continue to prioritize the system of nation-states , they all fall back on it to describe what happens in the world , and to explain how and why it happens .
nevertheless , state-centrists , transnational relations advocates and marxists of several persuasions , while acknowledging the growing importance of the global system in one form or another , all continue to [rank] the system of nation-states , they all fall back on it to describe what happens in the world , and to explain how and why it happens .

Once you have eliminated superfluous items in this way , you can prioritize the rest of your storage so that the most useful items come most readily to hand .
once you have eliminated superfluous items in this way , you can [rank] the rest of your storage so that the most useful items come most readily to hand .

It is not a question therefore of one [ set of social divisions ] being more ‘ real ’ than the others or a question of which is the more important . However it is clear that the three divisions prioritize different spheres of social relations and will have different effects … we suggest that each division exists within the context of the others …
it is not a question therefore of one [ set of social divisions ] being more ‘ real ’ than the others or a question of which is the more important . however it is clear that the three divisions [rank] different spheres of social relations and will have different effects … we suggest that each division exists within the context of the others …

The National Solidarity Party , formed in early 1991 to prioritize the needs of pensioners , won one seat .
the national solidarity party , formed in early 1991 to [rank] the needs of pensioners , won one seat .

He also indicated that his administration would establish an Economic Security Council , with a degree of influence similar to that enjoyed by the National Security Council , in order to improve and prioritize economic decision-making .
he also indicated that his administration would establish an economic security council , with a degree of influence similar to that enjoyed by the national security council , in order to improve and [rank] economic decision-making .

It is important to prioritize and target areas which reflect on the key areas of the operation .
it is important to [rank] and target areas which reflect on the key areas of the operation .

In addition to settling priorities between levels of provision , university librarians must also prioritize between subjects .
in addition to settling priorities between levels of provision , university librarians must also [rank] between subjects .

Hamon said Legal Aid offices are forced to prioritize cases .
hamon said legal aid offices are forced to [rank] cases .

Combating Terrorism : Threat and Risk Assessments Can Help Prioritize and Target Program Investments ( GAO/NSIAD-98-74 , April 9 , 1998 ) .
combating terrorism : threat and risk assessments can help [rank] and target program investments ( gao/nsiad-98-74 , april 9 , 1998 ) .

To ensure adherence to GAO 's core values , effective management practices , and efficient use of available resources , GAO will prioritize its work in the following order .
to ensure adherence to gao 's core values , effective management practices , and efficient use of available resources , gao will [rank] its work in the following order .

It is difficult to prioritize and allocate limited budgets among needed requirements when acquisition programs ' cost and schedule are always in question .
it is difficult to [rank] and allocate limited budgets among needed requirements when acquisition programs ' cost and schedule are always in question .

Because an agency may choose to prioritize problems in order of their impact , the reports should distinguish between priority levels of problems .
because an agency may choose to [rank] problems in order of their impact , the reports should distinguish between priority levels of problems .

However , although motivated by the desire to serve and empower all people with legal problems , programs pragmatically recognize the need to prioritize and focus their legal work on the community 's most serious problems .
however , although motivated by the desire to serve and empower all people with legal problems , programs pragmatically recognize the need to [rank] and focus their legal work on the community 's most serious problems .

The task force has set two initial goals : to prioritize , coordinate and develop a work plan for legal work on a state-wide and regional level ; and to develop resources to support this legal work through pooled resources of programs , collaborations with law schools , special funding from OLAF and foundations , and the creation of additional task forces .
the task force has set two initial goals : to [rank] , coordinate and develop a work plan for legal work on a state-wide and regional level ; and to develop resources to support this legal work through pooled resources of programs , collaborations with law schools , special funding from olaf and foundations , and the creation of additional task forces .

Thus , the FBI must not only continue to bring on board more linguists , it must also continue to take advantage of technology and best practices to prioritize its workflow , enhance its capabilities , and ensure compliance with its quality control program .
thus , the fbi must not only continue to bring on board more linguists , it must also continue to take advantage of technology and best practices to [rank] its workflow , enhance its capabilities , and ensure compliance with its quality control program .

Recommendation : The U.S. government must identify and prioritize actual or potential terrorist sanctuaries .
recommendation : the u.s. government must identify and [rank] actual or potential terrorist sanctuaries .

Our objective function and model can be used to calculate allocation strategies that provide equity in access ( compensating for geographical isolation ) , but if authorities in a given nation prioritize a different goal for ARV rollout , then an objective function to optimize can be formulated to reflect the specific national policy goal .
our objective function and model can be used to calculate allocation strategies that provide equity in access ( compensating for geographical isolation ) , but if authorities in a given nation [rank] a different goal for arv rollout , then an objective function to optimize can be formulated to reflect the specific national policy goal .

Health-policy officials in each country will have to make these important and difficult decisions , and they will all make different decisions based upon what objectives they wish to optimize and prioritize .
health-policy officials in each country will have to make these important and difficult decisions , and they will all make different decisions based upon what objectives they wish to optimize and [rank] .

What they would tell Noah is this : The EPA has the knowledge and the ability right now to prioritize the high production volume chemicals and protect us from the most hazardous ones .
what they would tell noah is this : the epa has the knowledge and the ability right now to [rank] the high production volume chemicals and protect us from the most hazardous ones .

A Health Services Commission was set up to consider all illnesses and the treatments available and to prioritize them on a cost-benefit basis .
a health services commission was set up to consider all illnesses and the treatments available and to [rank] them on a cost-benefit basis .

