From the evidence presented above — and this is merely illustrative of the evidence available — it should be clear that corporate crime ought to be a prioritized concern because it is the more serious .
from the evidence presented above — and this is merely illustrative of the evidence available — it should be clear that corporate crime ought to be a [ranked] concern because it is the more serious .

Furthermore , these giant corporations possess such wealth and power that they not only affect our lives , limbs , health , and property from the forceps to the grave , but they also bend the political democratic process in such a way that their interests are often prioritized over those of the electorate , consumers , employees , and shareholders .
furthermore , these giant corporations possess such wealth and power that they not only affect our lives , limbs , health , and property from the forceps to the grave , but they also bend the political democratic process in such a way that their interests are often [ranked] over those of the electorate , consumers , employees , and shareholders .

The model suggests that during this step the entire gamut of issues embedded in the defined change problem must be identified , analyzed , and prioritized in terms of any probable domino effects .
the model suggests that during this step the entire gamut of issues embedded in the defined change problem must be identified , analyzed , and [ranked] in terms of any probable domino effects .

In pooling their ideas the group can work towards establishing by the end of the session , a prioritized agenda for further discussion , enquiry or action .
in pooling their ideas the group can work towards establishing by the end of the session , a [ranked] agenda for further discussion , enquiry or action .

Figure 3 presents a graphic conceptualization of the process of summarizing , in which the most significant information is identified and prioritized , at each of the three dimensions around which data has been collected .
figure 3 presents a graphic conceptualization of the process of summarizing , in which the most significant information is identified and [ranked] , at each of the three dimensions around which data has been collected .

Eliciting these principles from participants is complex , because they tend to give the prioritized principles .
eliciting these principles from participants is complex , because they tend to give the [ranked] principles .

To effectively accomplish this obligation , GAO senior officials consult regularly with committee Members and their staffs to ensure that GAO 's work is prioritized in accordance with the committees ' needs and GAO 's resources by subject matter .
to effectively accomplish this obligation , gao senior officials consult regularly with committee members and their staffs to ensure that gao 's work is [ranked] in accordance with the committees ' needs and gao 's resources by subject matter .

These sets of targets would be combined and arranged into a prioritized list in which each was accompanied by the best assessment of potential function .
these sets of targets would be combined and arranged into a [ranked] list in which each was accompanied by the best assessment of potential function .

I also suspect that 99 percent of all bugs reported by users to software companies have already been noted and prioritized for fixing by some late-night team of code warriors .
i also suspect that 99 percent of all bugs reported by users to software companies have already been noted and [ranked] for fixing by some late-night team of code warriors .

