There have also been ongoing tensions in relation to the council 's bureaucracy , the expectations attached to the activists-turned-officers , and the question of prioritizing the needs of different oppressed groups .
there have also been ongoing tensions in relation to the council 's bureaucracy , the expectations attached to the activists-turned-officers , and the question of [ranking] the needs of different oppressed groups .

If , objectively , corporate crime is the more serious , in the sense that more people are avoidably killed , maimed , and robbed and that the last of these aggregated far exceeds the value of ‘ conventional ’ theft , then that in itself would justify prioritizing its study .
if , objectively , corporate crime is the more serious , in the sense that more people are avoidably killed , maimed , and robbed and that the last of these aggregated far exceeds the value of ‘ conventional ’ theft , then that in itself would justify [ranking] its study .

If the bulk of the community are being criminally victimized in ways they do not understand or realize , surely that too is sufficient reason for prioritizing the study of corporate crime .
if the bulk of the community are being criminally victimized in ways they do not understand or realize , surely that too is sufficient reason for [ranking] the study of corporate crime .

Prioritizing corporate crime has to be set in context .
[ranking] corporate crime has to be set in context .

They had the moral flexibility to meet shifting organizational demands and still enjoy the sleep of the just — their ability to relativize other moral imperatives whilst constantly prioritizing the pursuit of organizational goals did not make them necessarily immoral , but it did facilitate a moral flexibility others denied themselves .
they had the moral flexibility to meet shifting organizational demands and still enjoy the sleep of the just — their ability to relativize other moral imperatives whilst constantly [ranking] the pursuit of organizational goals did not make them necessarily immoral , but it did facilitate a moral flexibility others denied themselves .

Thus by prioritizing intention and relegating consequences as accidents — conveniently turning a blind eye to strict liability-corporate officials can proceed to commit corporate crimes because they do not perceive them as such in the first place .
thus by [ranking] intention and relegating consequences as accidents — conveniently turning a blind eye to strict liability-corporate officials can proceed to commit corporate crimes because they do not perceive them as such in the first place .

Decision-making and prioritizing therefore fall more and more to the kind of people whose forte is attending meetings and getting the support of those present .
decision-making and [ranking] therefore fall more and more to the kind of people whose forte is attending meetings and getting the support of those present .

Butlins offered a comfortable exoticism , prioritizing pleasure for all .
butlins offered a comfortable exoticism , [ranking] pleasure for all .

Ultimately , the cost is overload and the response of people to overload is stress , prioritizing , queuing of information ( or problems ) , and , ultimately , degraded performance .
ultimately , the cost is overload and the response of people to overload is stress , [ranking] , queuing of information ( or problems ) , and , ultimately , degraded performance .

provide a coherent framework for understanding and prioritizing the complex information gathered from a range of different sources ;
provide a coherent framework for understanding and [ranking] the complex information gathered from a range of different sources ;

Professionals for their part were very sceptical as to whether impending community care changes would bring any real benefits , but they anticipated that their role of prioritizing and rationing services would become more explicit .
professionals for their part were very sceptical as to whether impending community care changes would bring any real benefits , but they anticipated that their role of [ranking] and rationing services would become more explicit .

Pete the packer , Dickie the driver and Chloe the cleaner all accept that the Profitboss has greater skills in prioritizing their work than them .
pete the packer , dickie the driver and chloe the cleaner all accept that the profitboss has greater skills in [ranking] their work than them .

This patterning or prioritizing of goals leads people into certain jobs .
this patterning or [ranking] of goals leads people into certain jobs .

Film and television posit , in their dominant forms , the coherence of time and space , prioritizing the diegetic and virtual while eliding the time and place of viewing .
film and television posit , in their dominant forms , the coherence of time and space , [ranking] the diegetic and virtual while eliding the time and place of viewing .

Since libraries are usually short of resources , prioritizing is an essential part of the process .
since libraries are usually short of resources , [ranking] is an essential part of the process .

The use of library budgets as a key instrument for prioritizing services is described in the next chapter .
the use of library budgets as a key instrument for [ranking] services is described in the next chapter .

The new IT organization became responsible for such strategic activities as participating in the development of overall business strategies ; prioritizing IT requirements ; generating IT business plans ; setting technical and architectural standards ; managing user interfaces , outsourcing contracts , suppliers , and systems engineering ; and allocating IT resources .
the new it organization became responsible for such strategic activities as participating in the development of overall business strategies ; [ranking] it requirements ; generating it business plans ; setting technical and architectural standards ; managing user interfaces , outsourcing contracts , suppliers , and systems engineering ; and allocating it resources .

VISION FOR SUCCESS After prioritizing their primary issues , conferees then listed indicators by which success in achieving diverse communities of justice could be defined .
vision for success after [ranking] their primary issues , conferees then listed indicators by which success in achieving diverse communities of justice could be defined .

