During the trial , the judge ordered not guilty verdicts to be entered on two of three counts the lawyer had faced , of false accounting and of procuring the execution of a valuable security .
during the trial , the judge ordered not guilty verdicts to be entered on two of three counts the lawyer had faced , of false accounting and of [getting] the execution of a valuable security .

There was only one way in , by the drawbridge and the gate-towers ; he had racked his brains for an alternative , but there was none , short of procuring an ally within the walls , and that idea he did not entertain for a moment .
there was only one way in , by the drawbridge and the gate-towers ; he had racked his brains for an alternative , but there was none , short of [getting] an ally within the walls , and that idea he did not entertain for a moment .

Selective measures — help through the insurance of debt for building greenfield plants , assistance in procuring raw materials and forming anti-recession cartels have provided support without extinguishing competition or stifling initiative in individual companies .
selective measures — help through the insurance of debt for building greenfield plants , assistance in [getting] raw materials and forming anti-recession cartels have provided support without extinguishing competition or stifling initiative in individual companies .

Furthermore , the methods employed by the utilitarian would always he justified if they succeeded in procuring the desired end .
furthermore , the methods employed by the utilitarian would always he justified if they succeeded in [getting] the desired end .

Section 75 of the 1983 Act prohibits expenditure ‘ with a view to promoting or procuring the election of a candidate at an election ’ on items such as meetings , circulars or other promotional activities by any person other than the candidate or his agent .
section 75 of the 1983 act prohibits expenditure ‘ with a view to promoting or [getting] the election of a candidate at an election ’ on items such as meetings , circulars or other promotional activities by any person other than the candidate or his agent .

An examination of the results of early Anglo-Saxon craftsmanship point to the effort and organisation involved in procuring the raw materials .
an examination of the results of early anglo-saxon craftsmanship point to the effort and organisation involved in [getting] the raw materials .

Real interest in the tradition was actually waning ; during the 1820s great difficulty was experienced in procuring money for a bull and the last Christmas run occurred in 1831 .
real interest in the tradition was actually waning ; during the 1820s great difficulty was experienced in [getting] money for a bull and the last christmas run occurred in 1831 .

The maximum penalty for gross indecency committed by a man over 21 with someone aged under 21 would be increased from two to five years , as would be the penalty for the offence of attempting to procure or procuring a man under 21 to commit an act of gross indecency .
the maximum penalty for gross indecency committed by a man over 21 with someone aged under 21 would be increased from two to five years , as would be the penalty for the offence of attempting to procure or [getting] a man under 21 to commit an act of gross indecency .

She stood at the back of the dingy room , the child close by her side , and she listened to the clerk calling out the offences — soliciting was a common phrase , but once he said ‘ Procuring of men ’ — and she noticed that the Justice hardly raised his head : ‘ One pound or one month .
she stood at the back of the dingy room , the child close by her side , and she listened to the clerk calling out the offences — soliciting was a common phrase , but once he said ‘ [getting] of men ’ — and she noticed that the justice hardly raised his head : ‘ one pound or one month .

The Friends had proved themselves to be ingenious and enterprising in their adaptation of the building and in procuring items needed in the refurbishing for little , or no , cost .
the friends had proved themselves to be ingenious and enterprising in their adaptation of the building and in [getting] items needed in the refurbishing for little , or no , cost .

As lord of the manor , his consent was necessary to the procuring of any act of parliament for the enclosure of the town fields : and that consent was never forthcoming .
as lord of the manor , his consent was necessary to the [getting] of any act of parliament for the enclosure of the town fields : and that consent was never forthcoming .

Procuring the commission of a criminal offence is not a tort unless the crime also amounts to a tort against the plaintiff , in which case the procurer is a joint tortfeasor .
[getting] the commission of a criminal offence is not a tort unless the crime also amounts to a tort against the plaintiff , in which case the procurer is a joint tortfeasor .

It has been said that regard must be had to the nature of the contract broken , the position of the parties to the contract , the grounds for the breach , the means employed to procure it , the relation of the person procuring it to the person who breaks the contract , and the object of the person procuring the breach .
it has been said that regard must be had to the nature of the contract broken , the position of the parties to the contract , the grounds for the breach , the means employed to procure it , the relation of the person [getting] it to the person who breaks the contract , and the object of the person [getting] the breach .

At common law it may be unlawful as amounting to a trespass to the highway , or a public or private nuisance , or as involving the inducement or procuring of a breach of contract .
at common law it may be unlawful as amounting to a trespass to the highway , or a public or private nuisance , or as involving the inducement or [getting] of a breach of contract .

" This Meeting having considered an overture of the Kirk Session of Bowmore … respecting the procuring of Mortcloths for the better and ordinary Classes of people … do hereby agree to Guarrantee to the said Kirk Session , that whatever sum shall be laid out in the purchase of the said Mortcloths , the Princl. sum and interest shall be reapid to the Session , before they are rendered unfit for use … The Kirk Treasurer was told to charge " for the best 5/- each time it is used , and at the rate of 2/- each time for the Coarser one . "
" this meeting having considered an overture of the kirk session of bowmore … respecting the [getting] of mortcloths for the better and ordinary classes of people … do hereby agree to guarrantee to the said kirk session , that whatever sum shall be laid out in the purchase of the said mortcloths , the princl. sum and interest shall be reapid to the session , before they are rendered unfit for use … the kirk treasurer was told to charge " for the best 5/- each time it is used , and at the rate of 2/- each time for the coarser one . "

Fraud — Misrepresentation — Execution of mortgage — Second mortgage of matrimonial home as security for advance to husband — Husband procuring wife 's execution of mortgage misrepresenting effect — Mortgagee failing to ensure transaction understood by wife — Whether mortgage enforceable against wife
fraud — misrepresentation — execution of mortgage — second mortgage of matrimonial home as security for advance to husband — husband [getting] wife 's execution of mortgage misrepresenting effect — mortgagee failing to ensure transaction understood by wife — whether mortgage enforceable against wife

The proposition that in procuring his wife 's signature to the document Duval was acting as agent of Turnbull & Co. would , in my opinion , have been unreal and artificial .
the proposition that in [getting] his wife 's signature to the document duval was acting as agent of turnbull & co. would , in my opinion , have been unreal and artificial .

‘ the authorities which demonstrate the voidability of such transactions against third parties are all based on the concept of the person exercising the influence having acted as the agent of the third party in procuring the transaction : ’
‘ the authorities which demonstrate the voidability of such transactions against third parties are all based on the concept of the person exercising the influence having acted as the agent of the third party in [getting] the transaction : ’

It was not put to him … that he authorised the son to act as his agent in procuring the execution of the documents .
it was not put to him … that he authorised the son to act as his agent in [getting] the execution of the documents .

… the unilateral assumption of the conduct of matters by the son must be distinguished from the son acting as agent for plaintiffs in the procuring of the signatures of his parents to the deeds .
… the unilateral assumption of the conduct of matters by the son must be distinguished from the son acting as agent for plaintiffs in the [getting] of the signatures of his parents to the deeds .

‘ In both cases it is an essential first step for the wife to be able to show that the husband was acting as agent for the creditor in procuring her signature .
‘ in both cases it is an essential first step for the wife to be able to show that the husband was acting as agent for the creditor in [getting] her signature .

‘ It is convenient to consider first whether the judge was correct in holding that the husband , whatever else he may have done , was not acting as agent for the bank for the purposes of procuring the signature of the wife to the charge .
‘ it is convenient to consider first whether the judge was correct in holding that the husband , whatever else he may have done , was not acting as agent for the bank for the purposes of [getting] the signature of the wife to the charge .

Where the court is satisfied that any improper solicitation has been used by or on behalf of a trustee in obtaining proxies or in procuring his appointment as trustee , it may order that no remuneration be allowed to the person by whom or on whose behalf the solicitation was exercised ( r 6.148 ( 1 ) ) .
where the court is satisfied that any improper solicitation has been used by or on behalf of a trustee in obtaining proxies or in [getting] his appointment as trustee , it may order that no remuneration be allowed to the person by whom or on whose behalf the solicitation was exercised ( r 6.148 ( 1 ) ) .

They had n't booked a table at the restaurant , but Roman 's appearance seemed to galvanise the waiters into respectfully procuring the best table , at the centre of the balcony , with a magnificent view across the bay .
they had n't booked a table at the restaurant , but roman 's appearance seemed to galvanise the waiters into respectfully [getting] the best table , at the centre of the balcony , with a magnificent view across the bay .

At thirty-one , he remarks to Louise — a parenthesis to a hypothesis — that if he had ever had a son , he would have taken great pleasure in procuring women for him .
at thirty-one , he remarks to louise — a parenthesis to a hypothesis — that if he had ever had a son , he would have taken great pleasure in [getting] women for him .

Aside from his work on the abbey , Edward was constantly involved in procuring vestments , jewels , and a range of other precious objects for the king .
aside from his work on the abbey , edward was constantly involved in [getting] vestments , jewels , and a range of other precious objects for the king .

Few prosecutions are currently brought for procuring sexual intercourse by threat .
few prosecutions are currently brought for [getting] sexual intercourse by threat .

The policy of gender neutrality is further pursued in relation to the proposed offence of procuring an act of gross indecency by threat which would be capable of commission by and against males as well as females .
the policy of gender neutrality is further pursued in relation to the proposed offence of [getting] an act of gross indecency by threat which would be capable of commission by and against males as well as females .

Procuring a woman by threat .
[getting] a woman by threat .

Professor Williams , however , not only believes that rape should have a limited ambit because of the severity of the penalty , but that procuring a woman by threat should also be subject to limitations even though its maximum penalty is merely two years ' imprisonment .
professor williams , however , not only believes that rape should have a limited ambit because of the severity of the penalty , but that [getting] a woman by threat should also be subject to limitations even though its maximum penalty is merely two years ' imprisonment .

Professor Williams 's views on the proper scope of the crime of rape coupled with the limited role he advocates for the offence of procuring by threat suggest that he does not consider that the criminal law should be over-active in protecting the sexual autonomy of women .
professor williams 's views on the proper scope of the crime of rape coupled with the limited role he advocates for the offence of [getting] by threat suggest that he does not consider that the criminal law should be over-active in protecting the sexual autonomy of women .

( c ) the offeror receives a binding commitment from the merchant bank to pay cash to accepting shareholders who elect to receive it in return for the offeror procuring the allotment to the merchant bank ( or , as directed , sub-underwriters ) of the consideration shares ( by means of the nominations received from accepting shareholders ) .
( c ) the offeror receives a binding commitment from the merchant bank to pay cash to accepting shareholders who elect to receive it in return for the offeror [getting] the allotment to the merchant bank ( or , as directed , sub-underwriters ) of the consideration shares ( by means of the nominations received from accepting shareholders ) .

Though Christian Socialism ‘ with the old Owenites and idealistic Socialists … regarded Co-operative Store keeping not as an end in itself but as a step towards the Co-operative or Socialist Commonwealth … envisaged partly in terms of producers ’ self-government ' , the victory had gone to those who stood ‘ against them , the main body of the working-class adherents for whom the Store Movement was a reality and Co-operation mainly an agency for mutual thrift and the procuring of unadulterated goods at fair prices .
though christian socialism ‘ with the old owenites and idealistic socialists … regarded co-operative store keeping not as an end in itself but as a step towards the co-operative or socialist commonwealth … envisaged partly in terms of producers ’ self-government ' , the victory had gone to those who stood ‘ against them , the main body of the working-class adherents for whom the store movement was a reality and co-operation mainly an agency for mutual thrift and the [getting] of unadulterated goods at fair prices .

The means employed was the sworn inquest , the ancient Carolingian legal procedure for establishing the facts of a case by procuring statements on oath .
the means employed was the sworn inquest , the ancient carolingian legal procedure for establishing the facts of a case by [getting] statements on oath .

Conspiring or attempting to commit such offences , inciting , aiding , abetting , counselling or procuring the commission of such offences are also arrestable offences .
conspiring or attempting to commit such offences , inciting , aiding , abetting , counselling or [getting] the commission of such offences are also arrestable offences .

Counselling or Procuring
counselling or [getting]

The above mentioned insiders , that is , individuals connected with a company , individuals contemplating making a take-over , and tippee traders , are not only prevented from dealing in the relevant securities , but are also subject to two further constraints : first , counselling or procuring any other person to deal ; and secondly , communicating inside information to any other person .
the above mentioned insiders , that is , individuals connected with a company , individuals contemplating making a take-over , and tippee traders , are not only prevented from dealing in the relevant securities , but are also subject to two further constraints : first , counselling or [getting] any other person to deal ; and secondly , communicating inside information to any other person .

The counselling and procuring provisions are contained in s.1(7) and stipulate that it is an offence for , inter alios , any of the above mentioned insiders to counsel or procure any other person ( ie not only individuals ) to deal in the relevant securities , if they know or have reasonable cause to believe that person would deal in them on a recognized exchange .
the counselling and [getting] provisions are contained in s.1(7) and stipulate that it is an offence for , inter alios , any of the above mentioned insiders to counsel or procure any other person ( ie not only individuals ) to deal in the relevant securities , if they know or have reasonable cause to believe that person would deal in them on a recognized exchange .

As we have already seen , insiders are prohibited from dealing , counselling , and procuring others to deal , and communicating unpublished price sensitive information .
as we have already seen , insiders are prohibited from dealing , counselling , and [getting] others to deal , and communicating unpublished price sensitive information .

This prohibition is extended by s.4 ( 1 ) ( b ) which prohibits an insider , in relation to advertised securities , from counselling or procuring another to deal contrary to s.4 ( a ) ( i ) or ( ii ) ie .
this prohibition is extended by s.4 ( 1 ) ( b ) which prohibits an insider , in relation to advertised securities , from counselling or [getting] another to deal contrary to s.4 ( a ) ( i ) or ( ii ) ie .

Section 5 further extends the counselling and procuring provisions .
section 5 further extends the counselling and [getting] provisions .

Section 5 ( 1 ) prohibits an insider from counselling or procuring any other person to deal in the securities in question , knowing , or with reasonable cause to believe , that that person would deal in those securities on any stock exchange outside Great Britain .
section 5 ( 1 ) prohibits an insider from counselling or [getting] any other person to deal in the securities in question , knowing , or with reasonable cause to believe , that that person would deal in those securities on any stock exchange outside great britain .

According to s.5 ( 1 ) ( b ) an insider is prohibited from communicating information to any other person knowing , or with reasonable cause to believe , that that person , or some other person , would make use of the information for the purpose of dealing , counselling , or procuring , any other person to deal in those securities on any stock exchange outside Great Britain .
according to s.5 ( 1 ) ( b ) an insider is prohibited from communicating information to any other person knowing , or with reasonable cause to believe , that that person , or some other person , would make use of the information for the purpose of dealing , counselling , or [getting] , any other person to deal in those securities on any stock exchange outside great britain .

Similarly , s.4 ( 1 ) ( c ) prohibits an insider , in relation to advertised securities , from communicating any information in the knowledge , or with reasonable cause to believe , that it would be used for such dealing , counselling , or procuring .
similarly , s.4 ( 1 ) ( c ) prohibits an insider , in relation to advertised securities , from communicating any information in the knowledge , or with reasonable cause to believe , that it would be used for such dealing , counselling , or [getting] .

An individual is not , by reason of having information relating to any particular transaction , prohibited by sections 1(2) , ( 4 ) ( b ) , ( 5 ) , or ( 6 ) from dealing on a recognised stock exchange and by s.1(7) and 1(8) from counselling , procuring , or communicating that information , if he does that thing in order to facilitate the completion or carrying out of the transaction .
an individual is not , by reason of having information relating to any particular transaction , prohibited by sections 1(2) , ( 4 ) ( b ) , ( 5 ) , or ( 6 ) from dealing on a recognised stock exchange and by s.1(7) and 1(8) from counselling , [getting] , or communicating that information , if he does that thing in order to facilitate the completion or carrying out of the transaction .

He was charged with accroaching royal power and procuring the deaths of the Earl of Lancaster and other nobles , acquiring many lands that belonged to the crown , and disobeying the judgement of banishment pronounced against him in 1321 .
he was charged with accroaching royal power and [getting] the deaths of the earl of lancaster and other nobles , acquiring many lands that belonged to the crown , and disobeying the judgement of banishment pronounced against him in 1321 .

No one was ever convicted of Edward 's murder , though when Mortimer fell in 1330 he was accused of procuring the king 's death .
no one was ever convicted of edward 's murder , though when mortimer fell in 1330 he was accused of [getting] the king 's death .

On Sept. 12 , 1989 , the House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct , the Ethics Committee , voted to begin a preliminary inquiry into whether Barney Frank ( Dem. , Massachusetts ) had violated House rules in procuring the services of male prostitutes who he later hired as personal aides .
on sept. 12 , 1989 , the house committee on standards of official conduct , the ethics committee , voted to begin a preliminary inquiry into whether barney frank ( dem. , massachusetts ) had violated house rules in [getting] the services of male prostitutes who he later hired as personal aides .

At the Bristol election in 1713 , the Whig candidate , Sir William Daines , spent large sums of money `` in procuring the freedom of the city for many hundreds of poor people to vote `` and gave `` many hundreds to the mob `` in the form of direct bribes and alcoholic refreshment .
at the bristol election in 1713 , the whig candidate , sir william daines , spent large sums of money `` in [getting] the freedom of the city for many hundreds of poor people to vote `` and gave `` many hundreds to the mob `` in the form of direct bribes and alcoholic refreshment .

Procuring offers
[getting] offers

We had experienced great difficulty in procuring bearers and mules , since a small war was raging in valleys and hills .
we had experienced great difficulty in [getting] bearers and mules , since a small war was raging in valleys and hills .

Although in theory betraying your master was not condoned , rich and powerful lords found such squires useful for procuring services and removing rivals .
although in theory betraying your master was not condoned , rich and powerful lords found such squires useful for [getting] services and removing rivals .

For Gould , accustomed to the European way of shooting birds , of which stealth is rarely a part , the task was not so easy . His somewhat unorthodox methods are explained in his letterpress for Birds of Australia : ’ [ One ] successful mode of procuring specimens is by wearing a tail of a full-plumaged male in the hat , keeping it constantly in motion , and concealing the person among the brushes , when the attention of the bird being arrested by the apparent intrusion of another of its own sex , it will be attracted within the range of the gun … ’
for gould , accustomed to the european way of shooting birds , of which stealth is rarely a part , the task was not so easy . his somewhat unorthodox methods are explained in his letterpress for birds of australia : ’ [ one ] successful mode of [getting] specimens is by wearing a tail of a full-plumaged male in the hat , keeping it constantly in motion , and concealing the person among the brushes , when the attention of the bird being arrested by the apparent intrusion of another of its own sex , it will be attracted within the range of the gun … ’

By then , extensive areas of territory were under rebel control and the problems of financing the war , procuring arms and other supplies , and administering the civilian population , were in danger of overwhelming the limited resources and authority of the seven-man Committee for National Defence set up in July .
by then , extensive areas of territory were under rebel control and the problems of financing the war , [getting] arms and other supplies , and administering the civilian population , were in danger of overwhelming the limited resources and authority of the seven-man committee for national defence set up in july .

As well as being an early and important investor in the newspaper industry by procuring a stake in The Argus Printing and Publishing Company , Johnnies also acquired shares in South African Breweries .
as well as being an early and important investor in the newspaper industry by [getting] a stake in the argus printing and publishing company , johnnies also acquired shares in south african breweries .

The Court made three orders : two preventing the girl and her family procuring an abortion , and a third banning her from leaving Ireland for nine months .
the court made three orders : two preventing the girl and her family [getting] an abortion , and a third banning her from leaving ireland for nine months .

Clair George , listing the things that had to be done — — finding private money , transferring it out of the country , buying arms , shipping them , procuring boats and aircraft — noted that North had been obliged to do all this ‘ with a gum band and some balsa wood ’ .
clair george , listing the things that had to be done — — finding private money , transferring it out of the country , buying arms , shipping them , [getting] boats and aircraft — noted that north had been obliged to do all this ‘ with a gum band and some balsa wood ’ .

‘ His business , ’ one observer noted of Pillai , ‘ is to do a good job , whether the job is the procuring of animal manure or the crushing of nationalism or the nursing of village sports . ’
‘ his business , ’ one observer noted of pillai , ‘ is to do a good job , whether the job is the [getting] of animal manure or the crushing of nationalism or the nursing of village sports . ’

Suicide and attempted suicide ceased to be a crime when the Suicide Act 1961 became law , in recognition of the right to self-determination , but there remains an offence of aiding , abetting , counselling , or procuring the suicide of another which carries a maximum penalty of fourteen years ' imprisonment .
suicide and attempted suicide ceased to be a crime when the suicide act 1961 became law , in recognition of the right to self-determination , but there remains an offence of aiding , abetting , counselling , or [getting] the suicide of another which carries a maximum penalty of fourteen years ' imprisonment .

Other types of fraud and mistake are held to be insufficient for the offence of rape , and bring the case within the lesser offence of procuring a woman by false pretences or false representations to have unlawful sexual intercourse ( section 3 , Sexual Offences Act 1956 , carrying a maximum penalty of two years ' imprisonment ) .
other types of fraud and mistake are held to be insufficient for the offence of rape , and bring the case within the lesser offence of [getting] a woman by false pretences or false representations to have unlawful sexual intercourse ( section 3 , sexual offences act 1956 , carrying a maximum penalty of two years ' imprisonment ) .

English law has the lesser crime of procuring unlawful sexual intercourse by threats or intimidation , and appears to limit rape to those cases where there is a threat of violence .
english law has the lesser crime of [getting] unlawful sexual intercourse by threats or intimidation , and appears to limit rape to those cases where there is a threat of violence .

You can not be compelled to commit , or be a party to , a criminal offence or to undertake any other unlawful act ( such as , in one reported case , procuring prostitutes for the firm 's customers ) , nor can you be forced to put yourself in immediate physical danger .
you can not be compelled to commit , or be a party to , a criminal offence or to undertake any other unlawful act ( such as , in one reported case , [getting] prostitutes for the firm 's customers ) , nor can you be forced to put yourself in immediate physical danger .

It said that the governors ‘ do not see the immediate necessity for applying to the Crown for a Royal Charter to be granted to this Institution ’ but that ‘ every facility ’ would be given to the veterinary surgeons ‘ for procuring an Act of Parliament to prevent certain grievances complained of by the Memorial , which could not be relieved by a Charter ’ .
it said that the governors ‘ do not see the immediate necessity for applying to the crown for a royal charter to be granted to this institution ’ but that ‘ every facility ’ would be given to the veterinary surgeons ‘ for [getting] an act of parliament to prevent certain grievances complained of by the memorial , which could not be relieved by a charter ’ .

Courtney reported how difficult the Cabinet Office was finding the task of procuring comparable figures from the various government departments and agencies for the annual review .
courtney reported how difficult the cabinet office was finding the task of [getting] comparable figures from the various government departments and agencies for the annual review .

They must know the lead-time requirements for procuring textile products and establish relationships with at least some textile suppliers that allow the apparel-maker to procure fabric in smaller quantities and with shorter lead times .
they must know the lead-time requirements for [getting] textile products and establish relationships with at least some textile suppliers that allow the apparel-maker to procure fabric in smaller quantities and with shorter lead times .

The early twentieth-century success of Wanamaker ’ s and other department stores illustrates that the keys to effective retailing are providing customers with a variety of desirable products , procuring those products at a low enough cost to make a profit , marketing them well , and charging prices that reflect customers ’ willingness to pay .
the early twentieth-century success of wanamaker ’ s and other department stores illustrates that the keys to effective retailing are providing customers with a variety of desirable products , [getting] those products at a low enough cost to make a profit , marketing them well , and charging prices that reflect customers ’ willingness to pay .

Information in the external peer review report often would be relevant to decisions on procuring audit or attestation engagement services .
information in the external peer review report often would be relevant to decisions on [getting] audit or attestation engagement services .

Back in Canada , he went about procuring weapons , chemicals , and false papers .
back in canada , he went about [getting] weapons , chemicals , and false papers .

Bin Ladin is said to have asked for space to establish training camps , as well as assistance in procuring weapons , but there is no evidence that Iraq responded to this request .
bin ladin is said to have asked for space to establish training camps , as well as assistance in [getting] weapons , but there is no evidence that iraq responded to this request .

I was somewhat lazy in procuring a gift , and in the intervening time my friend has got a divorce and is soon to be remarried .
i was somewhat lazy in [getting] a gift , and in the intervening time my friend has got a divorce and is soon to be remarried .

Yes , if your parents are best friends with Nobel Prize winners or rich enough to give you a plane you will have an advantage in procuring these things .
yes , if your parents are best friends with nobel prize winners or rich enough to give you a plane you will have an advantage in [getting] these things .

Such as allegedly procuring missiles from North Korea that somehow never got into U.S. hands , and whose current whereabouts are unknown .
such as allegedly [getting] missiles from north korea that somehow never got into u.s. hands , and whose current whereabouts are unknown .

Judge Gerald Butler said that Mr. Fisher had not actually obtained price sensitive information in the sense of actively seeking or procuring it .
judge gerald butler said that mr. fisher had not actually obtained price sensitive information in the sense of actively seeking or [getting] it .

