This has been a working session of an organization that , by its very nature , can only proceed along its route step by step and without dramatic changes .
this has been a working session of an organization that , by its very nature , can only [continue] along its route step by step and without dramatic changes .

If the indenture is accepted , the authority will proceed to validate a bond issue repayable from revenue .
if the indenture is accepted , the authority will [continue] to validate a bond issue repayable from revenue .

He says the state , in order to proceed with economic development , must develop an understanding of how the various parts of its economy fit together and dovetail into the national economy .
he says the state , in order to [continue] with economic development , must develop an understanding of how the various parts of its economy fit together and dovetail into the national economy .

The pressure for our entry to the Common Market is mounting and we will proceed towards this amalgamated trade union by way of a purely `` economic thoroughfare '' , or garden path , with the political ramifications kept neatly in the background .
the pressure for our entry to the common market is mounting and we will [continue] towards this amalgamated trade union by way of a purely `` economic thoroughfare '' , or garden path , with the political ramifications kept neatly in the background .

The signals to proceed may therefore come when he is momentarily not able to take advantage of them .
the signals to [continue] may therefore come when he is momentarily not able to take advantage of them .

If he decides to proceed , he will custom-make for Susie an appliance consisting of bands , plastic plates , fine wires , and tiny springs .
if he decides to [continue] , he will custom-make for susie an appliance consisting of bands , plastic plates , fine wires , and tiny springs .

Turn to the right along a narrow street to the tiny Piazza Campitelli , then proceed along the Via Dei Funari to the Piazza Mattei .
turn to the right along a narrow street to the tiny piazza campitelli , then [continue] along the via dei funari to the piazza mattei .

Now let us imagine a wing of B-52's , on alert near their `` positive control ( or fail-safe ) points '' , the spots on the map , many miles from Soviet territory , beyond which they are forbidden to fly without specific orders to proceed to their targets .
now let us imagine a wing of b-52's , on alert near their `` positive control ( or fail-safe ) points '' , the spots on the map , many miles from soviet territory , beyond which they are forbidden to fly without specific orders to [continue] to their targets .

The destiny of Racine's Phedre is sealed from the beginning : she will proceed into the dark .
the destiny of racine's phedre is sealed from the beginning : she will [continue] into the dark .

Underlying these conceptions of mimesis are certain presuppositions concerning the nature of primary human experience which require some exposition before the main argument can proceed .
underlying these conceptions of mimesis are certain presuppositions concerning the nature of primary human experience which require some exposition before the main argument can [continue] .

Yet the attitude that the fate of the Presidency demands in such a situation is quite distinct from the simple courage that can proceed with battles to be fought , regardless of the consequences .
yet the attitude that the fate of the presidency demands in such a situation is quite distinct from the simple courage that can [continue] with battles to be fought , regardless of the consequences .

Thus the member of an industrial union comes to regard his officers as business agents who may proceed without interference or recall ; ;
thus the member of an industrial union comes to regard his officers as business agents who may [continue] without interference or recall ; ;

At this point a working definition of idea is in order , although our first definition will have to be qualified somewhat as we proceed .
at this point a working definition of idea is in order , although our first definition will have to be qualified somewhat as we [continue] .

Upon the expiration of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant , but not to exceed such twelve-year period , the Secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest bidder , or as may otherwise be directed by Act of Congress .
upon the expiration of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant , but not to exceed such twelve-year period , the secretary shall [continue] as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest bidder , or as may otherwise be directed by act of congress .

And lest anybody think that considerations such as these are not germane in a foundation report , let me enlighten them with the truths that , under Communism there would have been no capital with which to endow the Foundation , and that there would not be that individual freedom within which the Fellows might proceed , untrammeled in every way , toward their discoveries , their creative efforts for the good of mankind .
and lest anybody think that considerations such as these are not germane in a foundation report , let me enlighten them with the truths that , under communism there would have been no capital with which to endow the foundation , and that there would not be that individual freedom within which the fellows might [continue] , untrammeled in every way , toward their discoveries , their creative efforts for the good of mankind .

There is some reason to think that thyroglobulin synthesis may proceed independently of iodination , for in certain transplantable tumours of the rat thyroid containing essentially no iodinated thyroglobulin , a protein that appears to be thyroglobulin has been observed in ultracentrifuge experiments ( Wolff , Robbins and Rall , 1959 ) .
there is some reason to think that thyroglobulin synthesis may [continue] independently of iodination , for in certain transplantable tumours of the rat thyroid containing essentially no iodinated thyroglobulin , a protein that appears to be thyroglobulin has been observed in ultracentrifuge experiments ( wolff , robbins and rall , 1959 ) .

The great majority of present-day linguists fall into one or more of a number of overlapping types : those who are convinced that tone cannot be analysed , those who are personally scared of tone and tone languages generally , those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs , those who have no idea how to proceed with tone analysis , those who take a simplistic view of the whole matter .
the great majority of present-day linguists fall into one or more of a number of overlapping types : those who are convinced that tone cannot be analysed , those who are personally scared of tone and tone languages generally , those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs , those who have no idea how to [continue] with tone analysis , those who take a simplistic view of the whole matter .

To proceed from one stage to the next a sufficient number of feed states must be investigated to allow for interpolation ; ;
to [continue] from one stage to the next a sufficient number of feed states must be investigated to allow for interpolation ; ;

There came a point when we had to advise our client that she did n't proceed further .
there came a point when we had to advise our client that she did n't [continue] further .

Italian MPs enjoy an immunity from prosecution which can only be lifted by their peers , and magistrates have now lodged four separate requests for permission to proceed against Craxi .
italian mps enjoy an immunity from prosecution which can only be lifted by their peers , and magistrates have now lodged four separate requests for permission to [continue] against craxi .

You then proceed , in the sports pages , to publish a sickening colour photograph showing two men quite literally trying to beat each other into bloody submission .
you then [continue] , in the sports pages , to publish a sickening colour photograph showing two men quite literally trying to beat each other into bloody submission .

Opposition from Scottish Liberal Democrat council members was heavily defeated yesterday when the region 's policy and resources committee agreed that the proposed scheme was vital to the economy of Fife and the north of Scotland and should proceed as quickly as possible .
opposition from scottish liberal democrat council members was heavily defeated yesterday when the region 's policy and resources committee agreed that the proposed scheme was vital to the economy of fife and the north of scotland and should [continue] as quickly as possible .

But the Scottish Office remained unsure how the board could proceed without the use of juniors , and asked how it could continue once the exemption ended .
but the scottish office remained unsure how the board could [continue] without the use of juniors , and asked how it could continue once the exemption ended .

‘ At the fourth hospital , in Kirkwall , Orkney , ’ the committee continued , ‘ it was very difficult to see how the service could proceed without a continued exemption , but this will be reviewed over the next two years . ’
‘ at the fourth hospital , in kirkwall , orkney , ’ the committee continued , ‘ it was very difficult to see how the service could [continue] without a continued exemption , but this will be reviewed over the next two years . ’

‘ We 're fairly relaxed about it ’ , adding that Mr Kohl has made it clear repeatedly in previous statements that he was keen for all 12 members of the Community to proceed towards union together .
‘ we 're fairly relaxed about it ’ , adding that mr kohl has made it clear repeatedly in previous statements that he was keen for all 12 members of the community to [continue] towards union together .

But they were advised by the police not to proceed after a crowd of demonstrators gathered outside the house in Cockpen Drive .
but they were advised by the police not to [continue] after a crowd of demonstrators gathered outside the house in cockpen drive .

Under Objective 1 , the question of ‘ additionality ’ — top-up cash which must be added by the British Government before a project can proceed — becomes less potentially stultifying .
under objective 1 , the question of ‘ additionality ’ — top-up cash which must be added by the british government before a project can [continue] — becomes less potentially stultifying .

Part of the reason suggested being that money is tighter in the public sector so there is more pre-planning and costing before organisational changes are allowed to proceed .
part of the reason suggested being that money is tighter in the public sector so there is more pre-planning and costing before organisational changes are allowed to [continue] .

‘ We are anxious to proceed with performance review it is vitally important that services provided by the council are subject to close scrutiny to ensure they are of sufficient quality and right for the customer . ’
‘ we are anxious to [continue] with performance review it is vitally important that services provided by the council are subject to close scrutiny to ensure they are of sufficient quality and right for the customer . ’

He said : ‘ The situation is difficult … and we 're going to have to tread very carefully about how we proceed , and it 's important that we do so with all the information that we can possibly have . ’
he said : ‘ the situation is difficult … and we 're going to have to tread very carefully about how we [continue] , and it 's important that we do so with all the information that we can possibly have . ’

It would be inappropriate to speculate beforehand on how the inquiry will proceed .
it would be inappropriate to speculate beforehand on how the inquiry will [continue] .

Then , having spent £79,500 to buy the house and £40,000 to eradicate rot and rewire it , Mr and Mrs Clark were told by Shepherd & Wedderburn , Edinburgh solicitors to the Scottish Episcopal Church , that they could not proceed without its approval — which was being withheld .
then , having spent £79,500 to buy the house and £40,000 to eradicate rot and rewire it , mr and mrs clark were told by shepherd & wedderburn , edinburgh solicitors to the scottish episcopal church , that they could not [continue] without its approval — which was being withheld .

Perhaps it is appropriate to safeguard a reasonable percentage of each good cause 's allocation to allow such planning to proceed .
perhaps it is appropriate to safeguard a reasonable percentage of each good cause 's allocation to allow such planning to [continue] .

Mr Wallace acknowledged that his own ideas for a Scottish parliamentary council were unlikely to proceed , but a campaign for a multi-option referendum was ‘ the only thing we can all unite on as it encompasses all our differences ’ .
mr wallace acknowledged that his own ideas for a scottish parliamentary council were unlikely to [continue] , but a campaign for a multi-option referendum was ‘ the only thing we can all unite on as it encompasses all our differences ’ .

For this reason , subject to ratification by the full council , the district council will not proceed with legal action against the Airdrie and Coatbridge Advertiser .
for this reason , subject to ratification by the full council , the district council will not [continue] with legal action against the airdrie and coatbridge advertiser .

John Carruthers , one of the solicitors acting for Mr McTear , said the family doctor had declared his client unfit yesterday and that Mr McTear himself felt too ill to proceed .
john carruthers , one of the solicitors acting for mr mctear , said the family doctor had declared his client unfit yesterday and that mr mctear himself felt too ill to [continue] .

In the absence of the hoteliers , Mr Campbell announced that the merger proposals had been accepted by 111 votes to 22 and that plans to unify the two area tourist boards would now proceed .
in the absence of the hoteliers , mr campbell announced that the merger proposals had been accepted by 111 votes to 22 and that plans to unify the two area tourist boards would now [continue] .

Lord Wylie agreed that the case should be allowed to proceed and the next stage , if there is no appeal to the House of Lords , is likely to be a legal debate on whether it is time-barred .
lord wylie agreed that the case should be allowed to [continue] and the next stage , if there is no appeal to the house of lords , is likely to be a legal debate on whether it is time-barred .

By then it will be clear whether Ian Lang , the Scottish Secretary , intends to proceed with water privatisation , one of eight options he is examining .
by then it will be clear whether ian lang , the scottish secretary , intends to [continue] with water privatisation , one of eight options he is examining .

Downing Street yesterday refused to dismiss the possibility , although the Government may assess the impact of the white paper before deciding on whether to proceed .
downing street yesterday refused to dismiss the possibility , although the government may assess the impact of the white paper before deciding on whether to [continue] .

As long as this remains the case things should proceed smoothly — as long as the Bundesbank acts as predicted ( keeps rates coming down ) .
as long as this remains the case things should [continue] smoothly — as long as the bundesbank acts as predicted ( keeps rates coming down ) .

Mr Lamont also announced that the £300 million Heathrow Express line would proceed .
mr lamont also announced that the £300 million heathrow express line would [continue] .

He also announced that the scheme for a high-speed railway between London and Heathrow airport would proceed .
he also announced that the scheme for a high-speed railway between london and heathrow airport would [continue] .

The board announced yesterday it had chosen Berisford ‘ as the party to proceed to the next stage of negotiations ’ with a view to making an offer for Clark .
the board announced yesterday it had chosen berisford ‘ as the party to [continue] to the next stage of negotiations ’ with a view to making an offer for clark .

However , the climbdown came only after Russia 's parliament , the supreme soviet , had voted that the congress should proceed with the vote today .
however , the climbdown came only after russia 's parliament , the supreme soviet , had voted that the congress should [continue] with the vote today .

Darlington is well provided with Catholic schools and as Father Cademan is a member of the Diocesan Schools Commission and was until recently a county councillor , one might ask why did recent rebuilding proceed on the basis of an under-estimation of demand ?
darlington is well provided with catholic schools and as father cademan is a member of the diocesan schools commission and was until recently a county councillor , one might ask why did recent rebuilding [continue] on the basis of an under-estimation of demand ?

Provisional terms were agreed , but the club failed to confirm its agreement to proceed .
provisional terms were agreed , but the club failed to confirm its agreement to [continue] .

He resigned himself to the inevitable , and grudgingly muttered , ‘ Proceed with the prosecution .
he resigned himself to the inevitable , and grudgingly muttered , ‘ [continue] with the prosecution .

Unsatisfactory communications between capital city and enumeration districts may lead to misunderstanding , exacerbated by language and dialect difficulties as local enumerators proceed into the remoter areas .
unsatisfactory communications between capital city and enumeration districts may lead to misunderstanding , exacerbated by language and dialect difficulties as local enumerators [continue] into the remoter areas .

In medical studies , this is sometimes the only ethical way to proceed ; furthermore , the rarity of most abnormalities would demand a very large initial sample if the study were done by initial matching or by a cause-to-effect argument .
in medical studies , this is sometimes the only ethical way to [continue] ; furthermore , the rarity of most abnormalities would demand a very large initial sample if the study were done by initial matching or by a cause-to-effect argument .

If the buyer believes such an obligation does not exist , then clearly the bill can be ignored and the matter does not proceed further as far as is concerned here .
if the buyer believes such an obligation does not exist , then clearly the bill can be ignored and the matter does not [continue] further as far as is concerned here .

must not proceed for a private customer with any one packaged product if it is aware of another packaged product on the market which will meet the customer 's requirements better ; and
must not [continue] for a private customer with any one packaged product if it is aware of another packaged product on the market which will meet the customer 's requirements better ; and

must not proceed for a private customer with a packaged product of , or arranged by , any person with whom the firm has a connection unless the firm believes on reasonable grounds that the product will meet the customer 's requirements better than any other packaged product on the market .
must not [continue] for a private customer with a packaged product of , or arranged by , any person with whom the firm has a connection unless the firm believes on reasonable grounds that the product will meet the customer 's requirements better than any other packaged product on the market .

Most fundamentally , there is a constant tension between the need to provide the basic economic conditions under which capitalist accumulation can proceed , and the danger of upsetting the accumulation process through an increasing transfer of resources from the private to the state enterprise sector , thus undermining the logic of profitability that powers the accumulation process .
most fundamentally , there is a constant tension between the need to provide the basic economic conditions under which capitalist accumulation can [continue] , and the danger of upsetting the accumulation process through an increasing transfer of resources from the private to the state enterprise sector , thus undermining the logic of profitability that powers the accumulation process .

The need for a certain amount of scrapping if accumulation is to proceed smoothly determines a necessary rise in product wages .
the need for a certain amount of scrapping if accumulation is to [continue] smoothly determines a necessary rise in product wages .

‘ But the matter is now with the Crown Prosecution Service , which has to decide whether to proceed . ’
‘ but the matter is now with the crown prosecution service , which has to decide whether to [continue] . ’

Michael Bowerman , defending , said : ‘ The prosecution is not in a position to proceed now and that is nothing to do with the defendant at all and yet his life is in a state of limbo . ’
michael bowerman , defending , said : ‘ the prosecution is not in a position to [continue] now and that is nothing to do with the defendant at all and yet his life is in a state of limbo . ’

The leisure services committee instructed chief economic development and planning officer Tony Noble to proceed with detailed design work for the building and seek tenders for the project , which was welcomed by members .
the leisure services committee instructed chief economic development and planning officer tony noble to [continue] with detailed design work for the building and seek tenders for the project , which was welcomed by members .

Asked how Manchester 's stadium would then be funded , Sports Minister Robert Atkins spoke vaguely of seeing ‘ how events proceed .
asked how manchester 's stadium would then be funded , sports minister robert atkins spoke vaguely of seeing ‘ how events [continue] .

Anchor supported by Middlesbrough Council said it could not proceed without the drinks licence .
anchor supported by middlesbrough council said it could not [continue] without the drinks licence .

‘ The decision that the project should proceed for the purpose of meeting the needs of TECs brought new risks , ’ it added .
‘ the decision that the project should [continue] for the purpose of meeting the needs of tecs brought new risks , ’ it added .

‘ We could find no evidence that these risks had been explicitly recognised by the department when they decided in 1988 to proceed with the system .
‘ we could find no evidence that these risks had been explicitly recognised by the department when they decided in 1988 to [continue] with the system .

He remains a non-executive director of the north London club he has played for and managed and in a statement last night said he would proceed with his petition to buy out Mr Sugar ‘ unless advised by my lawyers not to do so . ’
he remains a non-executive director of the north london club he has played for and managed and in a statement last night said he would [continue] with his petition to buy out mr sugar ‘ unless advised by my lawyers not to do so . ’

Mr Reynolds stated that getting the talks underway again was now a priority and the search for peace should proceed without fear or the threat of violence from any side .
mr reynolds stated that getting the talks underway again was now a priority and the search for peace should [continue] without fear or the threat of violence from any side .

He 's pledged to reform teacher training , a crackdown on violent crime and to proceed with long-term plans for Britain 's place in Europe .
he 's pledged to reform teacher training , a crackdown on violent crime and to [continue] with long-term plans for britain 's place in europe .

The ship was invited to stop , er did n't do so , er and warning shots were fired , but subsequently , erm Royal Marines went aboard , er took charge of the ship , checked it over , er and er once they 'd established that there was no erm embargoed cargo , it was able to proceed .
the ship was invited to stop , er did n't do so , er and warning shots were fired , but subsequently , erm royal marines went aboard , er took charge of the ship , checked it over , er and er once they 'd established that there was no erm embargoed cargo , it was able to [continue] .

The Environment Secretary , Chris Patten has agreed to alterations to the County 's structure plan , but it 's still not clear whether the Authority will have to proceed with a controversial scheme for a gravel pit at Finmere .
the environment secretary , chris patten has agreed to alterations to the county 's structure plan , but it 's still not clear whether the authority will have to [continue] with a controversial scheme for a gravel pit at finmere .

Thus now the Germans , after the costly failure of their first series of attacks on the Mort Homme , decided they could proceed no further until Côte 304 was theirs .
thus now the germans , after the costly failure of their first series of attacks on the mort homme , decided they could [continue] no further until côte 304 was theirs .

It is the way we intend to proceed in a whole range of different market areas .
it is the way we intend to [continue] in a whole range of different market areas .

This enables these pupils to gain full recognition of their academic attainments , and they can then proceed to the college , university or career of their choice .
this enables these pupils to gain full recognition of their academic attainments , and they can then [continue] to the college , university or career of their choice .

There is a need to ensure organisational change does n't outpace ‘ cultural ’ change : that devolution does n't proceed until experience in managing budgets is complemented by experience in discussion financial issues honestly with users and providers .
there is a need to ensure organisational change does n't outpace ‘ cultural ’ change : that devolution does n't [continue] until experience in managing budgets is complemented by experience in discussion financial issues honestly with users and providers .

you must give way to any pedestrians on the crossing , so , otherwise you may proceed a straight pelican is one crossing even when there is a central refuge and you must wait for people crossing from the further side of the refuge , do n't harass the pedestrians for instance by revving your engine . When turning into a road junction , give way to what 's a road junction ?
you must give way to any pedestrians on the crossing , so , otherwise you may [continue] a straight pelican is one crossing even when there is a central refuge and you must wait for people crossing from the further side of the refuge , do n't harass the pedestrians for instance by revving your engine . when turning into a road junction , give way to what 's a road junction ?

As we approach the end of the diet and exercise programme , it is important to decide at this stage how you intend to proceed afterwards.If you have a significant amount of weight to lose you have the choice of continuing on the diet menus as included in the daily plans or you can follow the diet contained in my Complete Hip and Thigh Diet .
as we approach the end of the diet and exercise programme , it is important to decide at this stage how you intend to [continue] afterwards.if you have a significant amount of weight to lose you have the choice of continuing on the diet menus as included in the daily plans or you can follow the diet contained in my complete hip and thigh diet .

When dealing with the mains supply you should proceed with the same care you would exercise if your life depended on it , because it does !
when dealing with the mains supply you should [continue] with the same care you would exercise if your life depended on it , because it does !

Soon a new strain of oxygen-mediating species arose , enabling evolution to proceed as fast as carbon could be buried in the sediment .
soon a new strain of oxygen-mediating species arose , enabling evolution to [continue] as fast as carbon could be buried in the sediment .

These chemical reactions would normally proceed very slowly were it not for Nature 's invention of complex molecules called enzymes , which we have also met before in this chapter .
these chemical reactions would normally [continue] very slowly were it not for nature 's invention of complex molecules called enzymes , which we have also met before in this chapter .

‘ Well ? ’ Jonadab could sense his son 's reluctance to proceed .
‘ well ? ’ jonadab could sense his son 's reluctance to [continue] .

The final ten minutes or so of the session will be spent discussing what has arisen , how the patient feels about it , and the way future treatment is likely to proceed .
the final ten minutes or so of the session will be spent discussing what has arisen , how the patient feels about it , and the way future treatment is likely to [continue] .

Of course , it is still necessary to proceed with therapy to help overcome the fear itself , but no barrier of inferiority or failure has to be overcome .
of course , it is still necessary to [continue] with therapy to help overcome the fear itself , but no barrier of inferiority or failure has to be overcome .

Last month we took a look at the essential preparation that should proceed any purchase of an aquarium for any house .
last month we took a look at the essential preparation that should [continue] any purchase of an aquarium for any house .

The safest way to proceed with a project that uses any unusual components is to buy these components first , and to only go on to buy the remaining components once you actually have the ‘ hard to find ’ items in your possession .
the safest way to [continue] with a project that uses any unusual components is to buy these components first , and to only go on to buy the remaining components once you actually have the ‘ hard to find ’ items in your possession .

The receiver section needs a lot of connections so proceed carefully .
the receiver section needs a lot of connections so [continue] carefully .

It must be said before we proceed further that this model is so new that no handbook was available to me at the time of writing .
it must be said before we [continue] further that this model is so new that no handbook was available to me at the time of writing .

3 . Leave the Tanganyikan tank as it is and proceed with the Malawi set up as planned ?
3 . leave the tanganyikan tank as it is and [continue] with the malawi set up as planned ?

Hering stated that a cure should proceed : from above , downwards — from the head or upper regions of the body down towards the feet ; from within , out — from the internal organs out to the joints or skin ; from more important to less important organs — from the liver , heart or lungs out to the joints or skin ; from the present backwards in time — going back into the patient 's medical history .
hering stated that a cure should [continue] : from above , downwards — from the head or upper regions of the body down towards the feet ; from within , out — from the internal organs out to the joints or skin ; from more important to less important organs — from the liver , heart or lungs out to the joints or skin ; from the present backwards in time — going back into the patient 's medical history .

‘ the manufacturer had known that the fuel tank on its subcompact Pinto was defectively designed and had consciously decided to proceed with production in spite of the potential hazards .
‘ the manufacturer had known that the fuel tank on its subcompact pinto was defectively designed and had consciously decided to [continue] with production in spite of the potential hazards .

In these circumstances , it is convenient for corporate officials to pull the cloak of honest ignorance over their heads and proceed under its darkness to stumble blindly and unwittingly over the thin line between what is condoned and what is condemned .
in these circumstances , it is convenient for corporate officials to pull the cloak of honest ignorance over their heads and [continue] under its darkness to stumble blindly and unwittingly over the thin line between what is condoned and what is condemned .

Thus by prioritizing intention and relegating consequences as accidents — conveniently turning a blind eye to strict liability-corporate officials can proceed to commit corporate crimes because they do not perceive them as such in the first place .
thus by prioritizing intention and relegating consequences as accidents — conveniently turning a blind eye to strict liability-corporate officials can [continue] to commit corporate crimes because they do not perceive them as such in the first place .

Following assessment and successful completion of a period of consolidation the nurse is then encouraged to proceed into a two part professional studies programme which leads to the National Board for Scotland Diploma in Professional Studies .
following assessment and successful completion of a period of consolidation the nurse is then encouraged to [continue] into a two part professional studies programme which leads to the national board for scotland diploma in professional studies .

For the process to proceed smoothly it is necessary to ensure that responsibility for overall policy decisions is assigned to an appropriate individual or group ( for instance the managing director or the board of directors ) .
for the process to [continue] smoothly it is necessary to ensure that responsibility for overall policy decisions is assigned to an appropriate individual or group ( for instance the managing director or the board of directors ) .

Expatriates also require information on general driving standards and how to proceed if there is an accident .
expatriates also require information on general driving standards and how to [continue] if there is an accident .

‘ Brother Duroc , things proceed apace .
‘ brother duroc , things [continue] apace .

This committee will eventually report and the Bill will then proceed in the normal way , via the committee , report and third-reading stages .
this committee will eventually report and the bill will then [continue] in the normal way , via the committee , report and third-reading stages .

The Speaker will normally rule that the Government has won ( ‘ ayes ’ if on the original motion , ‘ noes ’ if on the amendment ) but if a division is called for the House will proceed to an actual vote .
the speaker will normally rule that the government has won ( ‘ ayes ’ if on the original motion , ‘ noes ’ if on the amendment ) but if a division is called for the house will [continue] to an actual vote .

If , however , the Commons passes the Bill in the next session , and the Lords again fail to pass it , it can proceed to the Royal Assent , and thus become law , without the concurrence of the House of Lords .
if , however , the commons passes the bill in the next session , and the lords again fail to pass it , it can [continue] to the royal assent , and thus become law , without the concurrence of the house of lords .

An amended Bill can not , of course , proceed straightaway to Royal Assent for it has not been passed , in its new form , by both Houses .
an amended bill can not , of course , [continue] straightaway to royal assent for it has not been passed , in its new form , by both houses .

It will have to be agreed , in its new form , by the Commons before it can proceed further .
it will have to be agreed , in its new form , by the commons before it can [continue] further .

If a Member on one side of the House sought to simulate anger by crossing the floor , punching an opponent on the nose and destroying his paper , would it be a breach of privilege for a court of law to proceed against him ?
if a member on one side of the house sought to simulate anger by crossing the floor , punching an opponent on the nose and destroying his paper , would it be a breach of privilege for a court of law to [continue] against him ?

Although , if it wishes , the House may proceed in a different way , the normal procedure is for a Member wishing to raise a matter of privilege to ask the Speaker for a preliminary ruling .
although , if it wishes , the house may [continue] in a different way , the normal procedure is for a member wishing to raise a matter of privilege to ask the speaker for a preliminary ruling .

The answer is that you can still proceed .
the answer is that you can still [continue] .

This may be achieved where cobbling makes drivers aware of the presence of pedestrians , where a tree breaks up the straight line of the centre of the road or where narrowings make drivers proceed especially slowly and carefully .
this may be achieved where cobbling makes drivers aware of the presence of pedestrians , where a tree breaks up the straight line of the centre of the road or where narrowings make drivers [continue] especially slowly and carefully .

With the reduction in stop-start driving , exhaust pollution is much reduced , tyre noise is low , and engines are idling as cars typically proceed smoothly at 20–30 km/h .
with the reduction in stop-start driving , exhaust pollution is much reduced , tyre noise is low , and engines are idling as cars typically [continue] smoothly at 20–30 km/h .

The measures are designed to deter non-essential traffic and to encourage drivers of essential vehicles to proceed slowly and considerately , not to obstruct and frustrate them .
the measures are designed to deter non-essential traffic and to encourage drivers of essential vehicles to [continue] slowly and considerately , not to obstruct and frustrate them .

Edouard had already begun his campaign to persuade his mother to divert some of her capital holdings into an expansion programme for de Chavigny , but he knew he had to proceed slowly .
edouard had already begun his campaign to persuade his mother to divert some of her capital holdings into an expansion programme for de chavigny , but he knew he had to [continue] slowly .

There are then two ways to proceed .
there are then two ways to [continue] .

Then you proceed to get all the other pairs to win the game ten pairs to none .
then you [continue] to get all the other pairs to win the game ten pairs to none .

The Monday 's carnival procession will leave the Butts Green as usual and proceed through the town to Anstey Park , where the entertainment is expected to be bigger and better than ever .
the monday 's carnival procession will leave the butts green as usual and [continue] through the town to anstey park , where the entertainment is expected to be bigger and better than ever .

It is logical then to proceed with Jean Packman 's research into the way decisions are made when children and young people , home life being temporarily or long term unable or unsuitable to sustain them , for whatever reason , are received into care — or , in spite of referrals and requests , not received .
it is logical then to [continue] with jean packman 's research into the way decisions are made when children and young people , home life being temporarily or long term unable or unsuitable to sustain them , for whatever reason , are received into care — or , in spite of referrals and requests , not received .

He passed a year at the new University of Marburg , whose ruler favoured the Reformation and where , in order to proceed to the translation of the Old Testament , Tyndale studied Hebrew , which was not then taught in Oxford or Cambridge .
he passed a year at the new university of marburg , whose ruler favoured the reformation and where , in order to [continue] to the translation of the old testament , tyndale studied hebrew , which was not then taught in oxford or cambridge .

He was completely in the hands of the King , who knew of his secret marriage ; yet on the other hand the King was unlikely to proceed against an archbishop whose actions had validated his divorces .
he was completely in the hands of the king , who knew of his secret marriage ; yet on the other hand the king was unlikely to [continue] against an archbishop whose actions had validated his divorces .

They were selected because it is clear that , judged by current psychiatric criteria , they all did suffer from episodes of psychosis — to introduce a technical term to be defined more precisely as we proceed through this and the following chapter , but which for the moment can be taken as synonymous with the layperson 's conception of mental illness as it occurs in its most disintegrative form and which especially refers to serious disorders , like schizophrenia .
they were selected because it is clear that , judged by current psychiatric criteria , they all did suffer from episodes of psychosis — to introduce a technical term to be defined more precisely as we [continue] through this and the following chapter , but which for the moment can be taken as synonymous with the layperson 's conception of mental illness as it occurs in its most disintegrative form and which especially refers to serious disorders , like schizophrenia .

Let the town meeting proceed !
let the town meeting [continue] !

He said yesterday : ‘ The situation is difficult … and we 're going to have to tread very carefully about how we proceed , and it 's important that we do so with all the information that we can possibly have . ’
he said yesterday : ‘ the situation is difficult … and we 're going to have to tread very carefully about how we [continue] , and it 's important that we do so with all the information that we can possibly have . ’

Without knowing the actual source of the metal it is difficult to proceed further , except by detailed analysis of decoration ( Leigh 1980 , p. 185ff .
without knowing the actual source of the metal it is difficult to [continue] further , except by detailed analysis of decoration ( leigh 1980 , p. 185ff .

Wordsworth contributed to the growth of ‘ Humanity ’ , the climate of opinion in which Shaftesbury was able to proceed with factory legislation ; and surely his attitude of reverence towards landscape formed public opinion , so that one now needs planning permission to site a factory and the line of a motorway has to be negotiated ; certain areas have become National Parks , and one can not help noticing how many of these were districts where Wordsworth lived or with which he was in some way associated ( see Gazetteer ) .
wordsworth contributed to the growth of ‘ humanity ’ , the climate of opinion in which shaftesbury was able to [continue] with factory legislation ; and surely his attitude of reverence towards landscape formed public opinion , so that one now needs planning permission to site a factory and the line of a motorway has to be negotiated ; certain areas have become national parks , and one can not help noticing how many of these were districts where wordsworth lived or with which he was in some way associated ( see gazetteer ) .

She had no idea how to proceed during the ceremony and was relieved that a man had to go first .
she had no idea how to [continue] during the ceremony and was relieved that a man had to go first .

( We will see how to proceed if the maximum is achieved at more than one j in Section 6.3 . )
( we will see how to [continue] if the maximum is achieved at more than one j in section 6.3 . )

With this new resource column we proceed exactly as above .
with this new resource column we [continue] exactly as above .

It is essential when implementing new , untried practice to proceed with caution . However , having had the benefit of the pilot study , it was possible to identify specific areas that restrict my practice and so limit my effectiveness :
it is essential when implementing new , untried practice to [continue] with caution . however , having had the benefit of the pilot study , it was possible to identify specific areas that restrict my practice and so limit my effectiveness :

Being given time to proceed at his own speed in self-care
being given time to [continue] at his own speed in self-care

The Reporter makes the initial decisions about whether to proceed any further with a particular case .
the reporter makes the initial decisions about whether to [continue] any further with a particular case .

Before a Children 's Hearing can proceed , it must be established that the grounds for referral to the hearing are clearly understood by both parents and children .
before a children 's hearing can [continue] , it must be established that the grounds for referral to the hearing are clearly understood by both parents and children .

Police evidence was sent to the Procurator Fiscal , who had to decide whether there were grounds enough for criminal prosecutions to proceed .
police evidence was sent to the procurator fiscal , who had to decide whether there were grounds enough for criminal prosecutions to [continue] .

Firstly , it could be argued that there was not sufficient evidence to warrant a criminal prosecution , and the Crown Office would need more if this was to proceed ; and secondly , that there was enough evidence to make it impossible to drop the case , but more was needed to make it substantial .
firstly , it could be argued that there was not sufficient evidence to warrant a criminal prosecution , and the crown office would need more if this was to [continue] ; and secondly , that there was enough evidence to make it impossible to drop the case , but more was needed to make it substantial .

While the English waited patiently for a fetch to appear , as a summons for mortals to proceed to the grave , it is interesting to note that the word was adapted by the Portuguese as fetisso ( magician or oracle ) , and involved a concentrated worship of idols to determine the future , including the time of death .
while the english waited patiently for a fetch to appear , as a summons for mortals to [continue] to the grave , it is interesting to note that the word was adapted by the portuguese as fetisso ( magician or oracle ) , and involved a concentrated worship of idols to determine the future , including the time of death .

If very dirty they lay it in the stream , securing it with a large stone , and let the water flow through it for some time , after which they proceed as before … the linen is spread upon the rocks in the river , or the walls near at hand , and secured , like everything else by a stone at each corner … The linen when dry is as white as snow .
if very dirty they lay it in the stream , securing it with a large stone , and let the water flow through it for some time , after which they [continue] as before … the linen is spread upon the rocks in the river , or the walls near at hand , and secured , like everything else by a stone at each corner … the linen when dry is as white as snow .

Before the posters could be distributed , the latter fired off a letter , claiming that , under the Representation of the People Act 1983 , it is illegal to incur expenses in order to promote a candidate without that candidate 's permission , and that ‘ if you proceed , you and anyone who joins with you may commit a criminal offence .
before the posters could be distributed , the latter fired off a letter , claiming that , under the representation of the people act 1983 , it is illegal to incur expenses in order to promote a candidate without that candidate 's permission , and that ‘ if you [continue] , you and anyone who joins with you may commit a criminal offence .

His scouts had assessed that the enemy numbers would reach around twenty thousand , and were moving fairly fast , a mounted host save for the Islesmen and Highlanders who , trained to proceed long distances at the run , and lightly clad , did not hold up the horse to any extent .
his scouts had assessed that the enemy numbers would reach around twenty thousand , and were moving fairly fast , a mounted host save for the islesmen and highlanders who , trained to [continue] long distances at the run , and lightly clad , did not hold up the horse to any extent .

Douglas was forming up a tight group to tackle this entrance , and another to proceed round to the rear to block any back-door escape , when the night 's wet quiet was suddenly disturbed .
douglas was forming up a tight group to tackle this entrance , and another to [continue] round to the rear to block any back-door escape , when the night 's wet quiet was suddenly disturbed .

They did not proceed to open fire however — no doubt because the heavy cannon-balls were yet to come .
they did not [continue] to open fire however — no doubt because the heavy cannon-balls were yet to come .

And at Musselburgh it was Ramsay 's turn to say farewell , much as he was tempted to agree to the Randolphs ' urgings and proceed with them over Forth to Doune of Menteith , so much more secure in present circumstances than would be Dalwolsey ; for nothing was surer than that the English would be up to Lothian and Edinburgh before long , and Dalwolsey not far off their path .
and at musselburgh it was ramsay 's turn to say farewell , much as he was tempted to agree to the randolphs ' urgings and [continue] with them over forth to doune of menteith , so much more secure in present circumstances than would be dalwolsey ; for nothing was surer than that the english would be up to lothian and edinburgh before long , and dalwolsey not far off their path .

African editors had to decide how to proceed : they could avoid politics , filling their pages instead with ‘ large pictures of lovely damsels ’ , become mere megaphones of the political élite or , alternatively , adopt the philosophy of the Nigerian Daily Times , which he described as ‘ militancy without hostility ’ .
african editors had to decide how to [continue] : they could avoid politics , filling their pages instead with ‘ large pictures of lovely damsels ’ , become mere megaphones of the political élite or , alternatively , adopt the philosophy of the nigerian daily times , which he described as ‘ militancy without hostility ’ .

For the average funeral the pall-bearer was expected to perform his duties en route as well as within the church ; whereas at the funerals of the great , the pall-bearers were only called into service once the coffin was at the church and ready to proceed up the nave .
for the average funeral the pall-bearer was expected to perform his duties en route as well as within the church ; whereas at the funerals of the great , the pall-bearers were only called into service once the coffin was at the church and ready to [continue] up the nave .

Having completed the fixing of a winding-sheet to a young oak , they proceed to tear the tree in two — an attempt to destroy the Tree of Life .
having completed the fixing of a winding-sheet to a young oak , they [continue] to tear the tree in two — an attempt to destroy the tree of life .

If the developer owns the land , he can either grant a long-term lease at a nominal rent to a management company , or else transfer the freehold to the management company . In either case the management company may proceed to :
if the developer owns the land , he can either grant a long-term lease at a nominal rent to a management company , or else transfer the freehold to the management company . in either case the management company may [continue] to :

As has been firmly documented in much of the British press , Paris was divided into those designers attempting to proceed through the Nineties and more or less disappointing our expectations , and those who have love bombed straight back into the Seventies .
as has been firmly documented in much of the british press , paris was divided into those designers attempting to [continue] through the nineties and more or less disappointing our expectations , and those who have love bombed straight back into the seventies .

If you are sure of all these facts then you are ready to proceed .
if you are sure of all these facts then you are ready to [continue] .

If he does nothing you may proceed to enter judgement .
if he does nothing you may [continue] to enter judgement .

After isolating the problem , investigate it as quickly as possible , resolve it , make sure as well as you can that the system does n't allow it to happen again , and proceed at full steam to collect whatever balance you and your customer have agreed upon .
after isolating the problem , investigate it as quickly as possible , resolve it , make sure as well as you can that the system does n't allow it to happen again , and [continue] at full steam to collect whatever balance you and your customer have agreed upon .

Mrs Murphy snatched the opportunity to ask Mrs Frizzell to proceed with her report , which she did , outlining the story as far as she knew it and using as many euphemisms as she could .
mrs murphy snatched the opportunity to ask mrs frizzell to [continue] with her report , which she did , outlining the story as far as she knew it and using as many euphemisms as she could .

Since the book seemed to be one that would cause some controversy , she had better proceed with caution .
since the book seemed to be one that would cause some controversy , she had better [continue] with caution .

The major question thus always remains unanswered in the Critique : every time that Sartre announces that he is about to proceed with the fundamental problem of how History can be a totalization without a totalizer , he turns back to a previous , more easily intelligible stage on the way .
the major question thus always remains unanswered in the critique : every time that sartre announces that he is about to [continue] with the fundamental problem of how history can be a totalization without a totalizer , he turns back to a previous , more easily intelligible stage on the way .

The Duke and Duchess of Richmond sought an answer , but the Duke of Wellington merely smiled and blithely proposed that the company should proceed to supper .
the duke and duchess of richmond sought an answer , but the duke of wellington merely smiled and blithely proposed that the company should [continue] to supper .

Knowledge of findings like these are an example of the kind of insight-promoting information which often helps to give teachers new heart to proceed in spite of seemingly overwhelming obstacles .
knowledge of findings like these are an example of the kind of insight-promoting information which often helps to give teachers new heart to [continue] in spite of seemingly overwhelming obstacles .

Eichenbaum and Orbach , for instance ( 1982 ) , suggest that feminism can start on the inside , with women 's individual or group psychological consciousness , and proceed outwards to political campaigning .
eichenbaum and orbach , for instance ( 1982 ) , suggest that feminism can start on the inside , with women 's individual or group psychological consciousness , and [continue] outwards to political campaigning .

As we proceed with making a tie , the purpose of it will become apparent — as well as the reason why plastic straps , loops of string and , worst of all , wire loops , do not do the job and can be so dangerous .
as we [continue] with making a tie , the purpose of it will become apparent — as well as the reason why plastic straps , loops of string and , worst of all , wire loops , do not do the job and can be so dangerous .

In a few hours , you will find the pollen dropping and you can proceed as before .
in a few hours , you will find the pollen dropping and you can [continue] as before .

There it is said the ghost of his departed wife pleaded with him to proceed no further .
there it is said the ghost of his departed wife pleaded with him to [continue] no further .

Scientists must proceed cautiously , moving ahead only with the assent of a fair number of their colleagues .
scientists must [continue] cautiously , moving ahead only with the assent of a fair number of their colleagues .

One could argue that such a strong assumption of underlying mechanism is only the normal situation in the sciences : one that allows experimental , as opposed to philosophical , work to proceed .
one could argue that such a strong assumption of underlying mechanism is only the normal situation in the sciences : one that allows experimental , as opposed to philosophical , work to [continue] .

In our attempt to understand a group of complex phenomena we pick on some ‘ simple ’ starting-point such as a need , and proceed to treat it as though it were completely transparent .
in our attempt to understand a group of complex phenomena we pick on some ‘ simple ’ starting-point such as a need , and [continue] to treat it as though it were completely transparent .

And how may this variety formation proceed to new species formation . )
and how may this variety formation [continue] to new species formation . )

He gestured for Grimm to proceed .
he gestured for grimm to [continue] .

Yet his curiosity as to Jaq 's request seemed to proceed from reasonable concern rather than from the paranoia which often afflicted rulers .
yet his curiosity as to jaq 's request seemed to [continue] from reasonable concern rather than from the paranoia which often afflicted rulers .

( We may then proceed , in the remainder of this chapter , to discuss some of the most important of the manifestations of this consciousness whilst tying in loose threads protruding from earlier discussions . )
( we may then [continue] , in the remainder of this chapter , to discuss some of the most important of the manifestations of this consciousness whilst tying in loose threads protruding from earlier discussions . )

Howard justified overruling the recommendation saying it was national policy to proceed as quickly as possible with renewable energy projects .
howard justified overruling the recommendation saying it was national policy to [continue] as quickly as possible with renewable energy projects .

If there are any lingering doubts as to which editor is hammering the keyboard this time those same students can reflect that the last editorial was signed ‘ Furuta and Stotts ’ — so it must be somebody else 's turn — and can then proceed with their detective work via a careful study of what follows , based on the orthography of certain non-occurring words ( e.g .
if there are any lingering doubts as to which editor is hammering the keyboard this time those same students can reflect that the last editorial was signed ‘ furuta and stotts ’ — so it must be somebody else 's turn — and can then [continue] with their detective work via a careful study of what follows , based on the orthography of certain non-occurring words ( e.g .

a student can systematically proceed through all the marker 's annotations .
a student can systematically [continue] through all the marker 's annotations .

They provided many of the resources for the celebrations and allowed the students to proceed as they wished with few officials presiding over events .
they provided many of the resources for the celebrations and allowed the students to [continue] as they wished with few officials presiding over events .

We shall discuss the impact of these differences as we proceed through the paper . There are two further differences , both following from hypertext 's directed graph structure , whose impact is readily apparent :
we shall discuss the impact of these differences as we [continue] through the paper . there are two further differences , both following from hypertext 's directed graph structure , whose impact is readily apparent :

The comprehension scales begin with items concerned with the extent to which a child associates a word or phrase with affective or situational meaning , and proceed to a point where ‘ ideational content goes well beyond the concrete evidence ’ — for example , ‘ The little boy has spilt his dinner ; what must he do ?
the comprehension scales begin with items concerned with the extent to which a child associates a word or phrase with affective or situational meaning , and [continue] to a point where ‘ ideational content goes well beyond the concrete evidence ’ — for example , ‘ the little boy has spilt his dinner ; what must he do ?

Simply put , the sociology of knowledge , to proceed with empirical description , must impute specific ‘ knowledge ’ to specific groups .
simply put , the sociology of knowledge , to [continue] with empirical description , must impute specific ‘ knowledge ’ to specific groups .

The task of the sociology of science was to study the social context that permitted science to proceed according to the norms of this ethos .
the task of the sociology of science was to study the social context that permitted science to [continue] according to the norms of this ethos .

The fact that the structure revealed enables analysis to proceed is taken as sufficient evidence of the right elements having been extracted .
the fact that the structure revealed enables analysis to [continue] is taken as sufficient evidence of the right elements having been extracted .

Although this conversation too has sequences of opinion and justification , it does not proceed in a linear fashion .
although this conversation too has sequences of opinion and justification , it does not [continue] in a linear fashion .

Sexist language distorts the truth : realising this , right-thinking people will proceed to self-criticism and reform .
sexist language distorts the truth : realising this , right-thinking people will [continue] to self-criticism and reform .

To help a social worker clear a framework for how to proceed in family work some theoretical ideas may be helpful .
to help a social worker clear a framework for how to [continue] in family work some theoretical ideas may be helpful .

The social worker should proceed to explore the organisation and structure of the family system , the roles people play within it , and the way the changes in the old person have affected that .
the social worker should [continue] to explore the organisation and structure of the family system , the roles people play within it , and the way the changes in the old person have affected that .

’ But he said the courts would not proceed solely on a childish whim .
’ but he said the courts would not [continue] solely on a childish whim .

The government was criticized for referring an agreed bid , while leaving a hostile bid free to proceed .
the government was criticized for referring an agreed bid , while leaving a hostile bid free to [continue] .

How to proceed ?
how to [continue] ?

Their cash bonus for winning is the same as England players will receive if they proceed to the finals of the competition in America in 1994 .
their cash bonus for winning is the same as england players will receive if they [continue] to the finals of the competition in america in 1994 .

Perhaps the best way to proceed is by a process of elimination .
perhaps the best way to [continue] is by a process of elimination .

There are times when in order to proceed with his life , a person must make a decision .
there are times when in order to [continue] with his life , a person must make a decision .

If you are satisfied that you have glued everything well , you can then proceed with the framing as set out in the next chapter .
if you are satisfied that you have glued everything well , you can then [continue] with the framing as set out in the next chapter .

did neglect ( or refuse ) to stop the vehicle ( or to make the vehicle proceed in a particular line of traffic or to make the vehicle keep to a particular line of traffic or to proceed to a particular point )
did neglect ( or refuse ) to stop the vehicle ( or to make the vehicle [continue] in a particular line of traffic or to make the vehicle keep to a particular line of traffic or to [continue] to a particular point )

Therefore , refusing to proceed to a census point ( or a traffic survey being carried out on or in the vicinity of a road ) is now an offence under this section .
therefore , refusing to [continue] to a census point ( or a traffic survey being carried out on or in the vicinity of a road ) is now an offence under this section .

‘ did neglect ( or refuse ) to stop the vehicle ( or to make the vehicle proceed in a particular line of traffic or to make the vehicle keep to a particular line of traffic or to proceed to a particular point ) ’ This phrase means :
‘ did neglect ( or refuse ) to stop the vehicle ( or to make the vehicle [continue] in a particular line of traffic or to make the vehicle keep to a particular line of traffic or to [continue] to a particular point ) ’ this phrase means :

‘ proceed in a particular line of traffic ’ means e.g. to signal the driver etc. , to join a line of traffic
‘ [continue] in a particular line of traffic ’ means e.g. to signal the driver etc. , to join a line of traffic

‘ did neglect ( or refuse ) to stop the vehicle ( or to make the vehicle proceed in a particular line of traffic or to make the vehicle keep to a particular line of traffic or to proceed to a particular point ) ’ The proving of this phrase will depend on the circumstances of each case .
‘ did neglect ( or refuse ) to stop the vehicle ( or to make the vehicle [continue] in a particular line of traffic or to make the vehicle keep to a particular line of traffic or to [continue] to a particular point ) ’ the proving of this phrase will depend on the circumstances of each case .

If refused he can hold the vehicle until an authorised examiner arrives where he feels it would be dangerous for the vehicle to proceed .
if refused he can hold the vehicle until an authorised examiner arrives where he feels it would be dangerous for the vehicle to [continue] .

did proceed across ( or along ) the carriageway
did [continue] across ( or along ) the carriageway

‘ did proceed across ( or along ) the carriageway ’ This point means that the pedestrian tried or succeeded in walking across the carriageway i.e. from footpath to footpath or along the carriageway in the same direction as the traffic flow .
‘ did [continue] across ( or along ) the carriageway ’ this point means that the pedestrian tried or succeeded in walking across the carriageway i.e. from footpath to footpath or along the carriageway in the same direction as the traffic flow .

‘ did proceed across ( or along ) the carriageway ’ This point is proved by the officer or warden describing what the defendant did to contravene the signal as at point 2 above .
‘ did [continue] across ( or along ) the carriageway ’ this point is proved by the officer or warden describing what the defendant did to contravene the signal as at point 2 above .

any motor vehicle on any road in which vehicles are allowed to proceed in one direction only ; or
any motor vehicle on any road in which vehicles are allowed to [continue] in one direction only ; or

to proceed beyond the red vehicular traffic light signal of a ‘ Pelican ’ crossing facing the driver on the side of the carriageway on which the vehicle approached the crossing
to [continue] beyond the red vehicular traffic light signal of a ‘ pelican ’ crossing facing the driver on the side of the carriageway on which the vehicle approached the crossing

‘ to proceed beyond the stop line of a ‘ Pelican ’ crossing when the vehicular traffic signal was showing a red light ' 'Proceed beyond ' means to pass the prohibited place either with the whole vehicle or a part of the vehicle .
‘ to [continue] beyond the stop line of a ‘ pelican ’ crossing when the vehicular traffic signal was showing a red light ' 'proceed beyond ' means to pass the prohibited place either with the whole vehicle or a part of the vehicle .

‘ to proceed beyond the stop line of a ‘ Pelican ’ crossing when the vehicular traffic signal was showing a red light ' As the most common defence to this type of offence is that the lights were still at green it is desirable to prove this point convincingly .
‘ to [continue] beyond the stop line of a ‘ pelican ’ crossing when the vehicular traffic signal was showing a red light ' as the most common defence to this type of offence is that the lights were still at green it is desirable to prove this point convincingly .

Note that the amber light shall convey the prohibition that vehicular traffic shall not proceed beyond the stop line etc .
note that the amber light shall convey the prohibition that vehicular traffic shall not [continue] beyond the stop line etc .

According to Regulation 8 ( 2 ) of these regulations a driver has the overall responsibility to proceed with due regard to the safety of other users of the road subject to the direction of any police constable etc .
according to regulation 8 ( 2 ) of these regulations a driver has the overall responsibility to [continue] with due regard to the safety of other users of the road subject to the direction of any police constable etc .

’ The Cabinet , however , regretted nothing , and , when Parliament re-assembled a week later , the government announced its firm intention to proceed with the new conscription plans .
’ the cabinet , however , regretted nothing , and , when parliament re-assembled a week later , the government announced its firm intention to [continue] with the new conscription plans .

Kempton is a fairly safe bet to proceed , as are Wincanton and Newton Abbot in the south , but prospects for Wetherby , Sedgefield and Market Rasen depend on a rise in temperature .
kempton is a fairly safe bet to [continue] , as are wincanton and newton abbot in the south , but prospects for wetherby , sedgefield and market rasen depend on a rise in temperature .

But the big day is today(thurs) , not Saturday , because that 's when the men from Greenwich Council come to see if they can give the £4 million redeveloped ground the safety certificate it needs for Saturday 's sell-out game to proceed .
but the big day is today(thurs) , not saturday , because that 's when the men from greenwich council come to see if they can give the £4 million redeveloped ground the safety certificate it needs for saturday 's sell-out game to [continue] .

‘ We surprise clients by recommending them not to proceed from time to time , ’ he says .
‘ we surprise clients by recommending them not to [continue] from time to time , ’ he says .

See also the case Casey v Breachwood Motors Ltd ( Times Law Reports 29 July 1992 ) , where the court lifted the veil of incorporation to allow the plaintiff to proceed against the second company .
see also the case casey v breachwood motors ltd ( times law reports 29 july 1992 ) , where the court lifted the veil of incorporation to allow the plaintiff to [continue] against the second company .

The Institute Investigation Committee has delayed its decision on whether to proceed with disciplinary action over Clark Whitehill 's alleged involvement in the Nicholas Young fraud .
the institute investigation committee has delayed its decision on whether to [continue] with disciplinary action over clark whitehill 's alleged involvement in the nicholas young fraud .

However , the collector will suggest a reallocation if there is an overdue charge against which a repayment can be set and will proceed with the reallocation unless he receives contrary instructions from the taxpayer .
however , the collector will suggest a reallocation if there is an overdue charge against which a repayment can be set and will [continue] with the reallocation unless he receives contrary instructions from the taxpayer .

Insurers currently approved by the Inland Revenue to offer tax relievable private medical insurance contracts have been given details of how to proceed .
insurers currently approved by the inland revenue to offer tax relievable private medical insurance contracts have been given details of how to [continue] .

Among the Kimberley tribes the snakes are called Unguds , the word ‘ Ungud ’ being applied primarily to a life principle or a ‘ vital force ’ , and the natives believe that the Wandjina and Ungud paintings must be restored at the beginning of the wet season to ensure that rain will fall and fertilization proceed .
among the kimberley tribes the snakes are called unguds , the word ‘ ungud ’ being applied primarily to a life principle or a ‘ vital force ’ , and the natives believe that the wandjina and ungud paintings must be restored at the beginning of the wet season to ensure that rain will fall and fertilization [continue] .

Bohm believes that scientists who profess to have no philosophy of science beyond that of open enquiry , deceive themselves ; for their whole approach is based on unquestioned assumptions as to how scientific research should proceed and long-standing prejudices as to how the World works .
bohm believes that scientists who profess to have no philosophy of science beyond that of open enquiry , deceive themselves ; for their whole approach is based on unquestioned assumptions as to how scientific research should [continue] and long-standing prejudices as to how the world works .

If we proceed from prudential to moral imperatives , will the conditions of the choice be fundamentally changed ?
if we [continue] from prudential to moral imperatives , will the conditions of the choice be fundamentally changed ?

The route was to proceed along Thicket Road and Beckenham Road as far as the Penge/Beckenham boundary .
the route was to [continue] along thicket road and beckenham road as far as the penge/beckenham boundary .

Another route was to start at Selby Road , the Croydon boundary and proceed along Croydon Road and Green Lane , Penge where it met a small enclave of Beckenham before the Lewisham Boundary .
another route was to start at selby road , the croydon boundary and [continue] along croydon road and green lane , penge where it met a small enclave of beckenham before the lewisham boundary .

However , it appeared that the other proposals would provide a comprehensive framework for accounting for shares , debts and the costs relating thereto , and so there seemed no need to proceed with this proposal .
however , it appeared that the other proposals would provide a comprehensive framework for accounting for shares , debts and the costs relating thereto , and so there seemed no need to [continue] with this proposal .

It would be an abuse of process to proceed by action when there were open appeals against the relevant assessments .
it would be an abuse of process to [continue] by action when there were open appeals against the relevant assessments .

The immediate consequences of the decision are subject to any Revenue statement as to how it will proceed in future .
the immediate consequences of the decision are subject to any revenue statement as to how it will [continue] in future .

How much better in the long run for companies , auditors and regulation generally if auditors would have the courage to make timely representations aimed at a general ruling , in these circumstances , assuming that they have failed to persuade the client not to proceed and that the grounds for an audit qualification are uncertain .
how much better in the long run for companies , auditors and regulation generally if auditors would have the courage to make timely representations aimed at a general ruling , in these circumstances , assuming that they have failed to persuade the client not to [continue] and that the grounds for an audit qualification are uncertain .

The prosecution decided not to proceed because medical experts could not be certain what caused Mrs Fort 's death .
the prosecution decided not to [continue] because medical experts could not be certain what caused mrs fort 's death .

So it would seem reasonable to suggest that second language learners might proceed in a similar way ( cf .
so it would seem reasonable to suggest that second language learners might [continue] in a similar way ( cf .

He did not proceed to university in his seventeenth year but was instead apprenticed for £630 to the London wholesale grocery firm of Newnham and Shipley , in Watling Street It was a large indenture payment and coming , as it did , soon after his father 's death in March 1743 , was probably intended to secure a profitable mercantile future for him .
he did not [continue] to university in his seventeenth year but was instead apprenticed for £630 to the london wholesale grocery firm of newnham and shipley , in watling street it was a large indenture payment and coming , as it did , soon after his father 's death in march 1743 , was probably intended to secure a profitable mercantile future for him .

Yet when he expresses this moral sense to his wife — ‘ We will proceed no further in this business .
yet when he expresses this moral sense to his wife — ‘ we will [continue] no further in this business .

Why , after a campaign punctuated by sporadic Khmer Rouge attacks , was the election allowed to proceed relatively peacefully ?
why , after a campaign punctuated by sporadic khmer rouge attacks , was the election allowed to [continue] relatively peacefully ?

After 47 cliff-hanging hours , both ministers agreed to ‘ deposit their portfolios with the prime minister ’ for a week , while negotiations over a reshuffle and possible enlargement of the cabinet proceed .
after 47 cliff-hanging hours , both ministers agreed to ‘ deposit their portfolios with the prime minister ’ for a week , while negotiations over a reshuffle and possible enlargement of the cabinet [continue] .

It had been in touch with air control in Athens and had been instructed to alter course over the island of Amorgós — that 's about forty miles north-east of here — and proceed on a roughly north-north-west course .
it had been in touch with air control in athens and had been instructed to alter course over the island of amorgós — that 's about forty miles north-east of here — and [continue] on a roughly north-north-west course .

In the last two chapters , Chapters 8 and 9 , we will finally come to the question of the directions in which teacher-supported change to schools might proceed .
in the last two chapters , chapters 8 and 9 , we will finally come to the question of the directions in which teacher-supported change to schools might [continue] .

After this preparation the dressmaking technique can proceed , using the appropriate seaming that your own sewing machine offers , zig-zag stitch and/or overlocking stitch ( possible the most suitable to keep the fabric supple at the seams ) .
after this preparation the dressmaking technique can [continue] , using the appropriate seaming that your own sewing machine offers , zig-zag stitch and/or overlocking stitch ( possible the most suitable to keep the fabric supple at the seams ) .

Join one shoulder of the garment and then proceed with the neckband as above .
join one shoulder of the garment and then [continue] with the neckband as above .

It is not intended as an explanation of linguistic communication , a theory we might proceed to test .
it is not intended as an explanation of linguistic communication , a theory we might [continue] to test .

After a long interlude that features some unrecognisable classical piece , Faust troop onstage and proceed to twiddle knobs , hit their strange percussion devices and strum on an acoustic guitar .
after a long interlude that features some unrecognisable classical piece , faust troop onstage and [continue] to twiddle knobs , hit their strange percussion devices and strum on an acoustic guitar .

Ian Storey is arranging transport of the tender to his works at Morpeth where the tank will be removed and renovation of the chassis can proceed , prior to building a new tank .
ian storey is arranging transport of the tender to his works at morpeth where the tank will be removed and renovation of the chassis can [continue] , prior to building a new tank .

‘ Exercise is good for it , ’ he said , the familiarity of the Butts lost in the fog and making it necessary for him to still proceed carefully .
‘ exercise is good for it , ’ he said , the familiarity of the butts lost in the fog and making it necessary for him to still [continue] carefully .

He says that if the Ministry of Culture still go ahead and grant permission for the excavation to proceed , then it will be vital for them to involve scholars and specialists .
he says that if the ministry of culture still go ahead and grant permission for the excavation to [continue] , then it will be vital for them to involve scholars and specialists .

While there were , therefore , good grounds for pessimism about future progress , the question of whether integration could proceed beyond a limited sectoral level was answered three years later by the Treaty of Rome .
while there were , therefore , good grounds for pessimism about future progress , the question of whether integration could [continue] beyond a limited sectoral level was answered three years later by the treaty of rome .

He too insisted on drawing a clear line between theology and philosophy ; he accepted Kant 's demolition of any philosophical natural theology , and insisted that theology must be permitted to proceed with its own work without dictation from speculative metaphysics or the imposition upon it of alien concepts and patterns of thought and investigation .
he too insisted on drawing a clear line between theology and philosophy ; he accepted kant 's demolition of any philosophical natural theology , and insisted that theology must be permitted to [continue] with its own work without dictation from speculative metaphysics or the imposition upon it of alien concepts and patterns of thought and investigation .

They proceed on the assumption , which Hegel also shared , that there is a sense and pattern in the structure and dynamics of reality , and that these can be explored and entered into through experimentation and theorising .
they [continue] on the assumption , which hegel also shared , that there is a sense and pattern in the structure and dynamics of reality , and that these can be explored and entered into through experimentation and theorising .

He did however attempt in his Sermons Chiefly on the Theory of Religious Belief ( 1843 ) and The Grammar of Assent ( 1870 ) an analysis of the nature of religious belief which shows some affinity with Coleridge , and includes Newman 's own original idea of the ‘ illative sense ’ by which we find it possible to proceed through probabilities to certitude ; and in his celebrated Essay on the Development of Christian Doctrine ( 1878 ) struggled with the problem of change and continuity in the expression of Christian faith down through the centuries in a fashion which has helped many others to grasp something of the questions , if not in most cases to accept his answers .
he did however attempt in his sermons chiefly on the theory of religious belief ( 1843 ) and the grammar of assent ( 1870 ) an analysis of the nature of religious belief which shows some affinity with coleridge , and includes newman 's own original idea of the ‘ illative sense ’ by which we find it possible to [continue] through probabilities to certitude ; and in his celebrated essay on the development of christian doctrine ( 1878 ) struggled with the problem of change and continuity in the expression of christian faith down through the centuries in a fashion which has helped many others to grasp something of the questions , if not in most cases to accept his answers .

The Exhibitors Film Exchange recommends a ‘ Neighbourhood Advertising Plan ’ , the essence of which was that every manager would define ‘ the radius or zone ’ from which his ‘ logical business ’ was secured and that he should then proceed to go directly to the individuals whose patronage he could reasonably expect .
the exhibitors film exchange recommends a ‘ neighbourhood advertising plan ’ , the essence of which was that every manager would define ‘ the radius or zone ’ from which his ‘ logical business ’ was secured and that he should then [continue] to go directly to the individuals whose patronage he could reasonably expect .

The art of good sub-system design is to identify problem areas where work can proceed relatively independently of other areas so that the need for intercommunication is minimised .
the art of good sub-system design is to identify problem areas where work can [continue] relatively independently of other areas so that the need for intercommunication is minimised .

The essence of the systems approach is that personnel decisions should proceed in parallel with engineering decisions , partly to economise on development time and partly to provide scope for trade-offs .
the essence of the systems approach is that personnel decisions should [continue] in parallel with engineering decisions , partly to economise on development time and partly to provide scope for trade-offs .

To proceed systematically , both require that there should be the greatest possible understanding of what the man is required to do .
to [continue] systematically , both require that there should be the greatest possible understanding of what the man is required to do .

If asked to recall a date such a person will proceed by inference rather than by a direct introspective search , e.g .
if asked to recall a date such a person will [continue] by inference rather than by a direct introspective search , e.g .

In fact it almost seems to be a condition of such performance that the exponent must not proceed logically but must temporarily inhibit his conscious critical faculties and accept control by intuition .
in fact it almost seems to be a condition of such performance that the exponent must not [continue] logically but must temporarily inhibit his conscious critical faculties and accept control by intuition .

The commonsense view that to proceed with care is to proceed slowly can also be reversed in high level skills , there are instances where speed seems to be an essential accompaniment of delicate discrimination ( Lacy , 1978 ) .
the commonsense view that to [continue] with care is to [continue] slowly can also be reversed in high level skills , there are instances where speed seems to be an essential accompaniment of delicate discrimination ( lacy , 1978 ) .

( Kahn-Freund and Hepple , 1972 , p. 1 ) There is a need to proceed cautiously regarding the possibility of making out-of-context transfers to different social and economic milieus .
( kahn-freund and hepple , 1972 , p. 1 ) there is a need to [continue] cautiously regarding the possibility of making out-of-context transfers to different social and economic milieus .

Alternatively , the studies could begin explicitly with a priori hypotheses about the relationships between environmental variables and industrial relations arrangements and proceed to test their validity — corroborating , relativising , refining or rejecting them — via an examination of the experience of a number of different countries .
alternatively , the studies could begin explicitly with a priori hypotheses about the relationships between environmental variables and industrial relations arrangements and [continue] to test their validity — corroborating , relativising , refining or rejecting them — via an examination of the experience of a number of different countries .

Within any given grouping there is a further need to determine the number of countries to be investigated and also the level at which the comparison should proceed .
within any given grouping there is a further need to determine the number of countries to be investigated and also the level at which the comparison should [continue] .

If you are fortunate enough to have a modern plastic ball valve , servicing is simple and no special tools are required . First cut off the water supply to the cistern , then proceed as follows :
if you are fortunate enough to have a modern plastic ball valve , servicing is simple and no special tools are required . first cut off the water supply to the cistern , then [continue] as follows :

Pupils exposed to this type of participatory , exploratory approach to literature can acquire a firm foundation from which to proceed to more formal literary responses , should they subsequently choose to do so .
pupils exposed to this type of participatory , exploratory approach to literature can acquire a firm foundation from which to [continue] to more formal literary responses , should they subsequently choose to do so .

If , however , there was only a low chance of treatment being effective , or there was a high risk of death or deterioration any risk of unbearable distress to the patient , or there could be an unwarrantable drain on resources , there was no obligation to proceed .
if , however , there was only a low chance of treatment being effective , or there was a high risk of death or deterioration any risk of unbearable distress to the patient , or there could be an unwarrantable drain on resources , there was no obligation to [continue] .

From that initial claim on your attention , he would proceed rapidly to inform you of his achievement in preserving the Albert Dock complex in Liverpool — now the largest tourist attraction in the north of England — from wanton , council-approved destruction ; of his professional status as author of the standard textbook on Concise Practical Surveying and the Structural Masonry Designers ’ Manuals ; of his intellectual attainment in completing a doctoral thesis in ten months ; of his physical prowess as a pensionable leader of Very Severe rockclimbs and skier down the most precipitous slopes .
from that initial claim on your attention , he would [continue] rapidly to inform you of his achievement in preserving the albert dock complex in liverpool — now the largest tourist attraction in the north of england — from wanton , council-approved destruction ; of his professional status as author of the standard textbook on concise practical surveying and the structural masonry designers ’ manuals ; of his intellectual attainment in completing a doctoral thesis in ten months ; of his physical prowess as a pensionable leader of very severe rockclimbs and skier down the most precipitous slopes .

As we have previously noticed , they will perceive the message within his own frame of reference and proceed on the basis from the known to the unknown .
as we have previously noticed , they will perceive the message within his own frame of reference and [continue] on the basis from the known to the unknown .

The work in progress is complex , and can only proceed through use of method and skill , not by the eye alone .
the work in progress is complex , and can only [continue] through use of method and skill , not by the eye alone .

If a claim is not provided by the agreed date , the Prime contractor may notify the Non-academic Parties responsible for that claim that it intends to submit a consolidated claim without including such missing claim and may thereafter proceed with such submission accordingly .
if a claim is not provided by the agreed date , the prime contractor may notify the non-academic parties responsible for that claim that it intends to submit a consolidated claim without including such missing claim and may thereafter [continue] with such submission accordingly .

There is no guarantee that the production will necessarily proceed to completion .
there is no guarantee that the production will necessarily [continue] to completion .

There is no guarantee that the production will necessarily proceed to completion .
there is no guarantee that the production will necessarily [continue] to completion .

Elite theorists rarely construct their own analysis of input processes from a blank canvas ; rather , they set up a pluralist ( or Marxist ) story , frequently a straw man , which they proceed to contrast with the darker side of liberal democratic politics ( and the impossibility of seriously reforming it ) .
elite theorists rarely construct their own analysis of input processes from a blank canvas ; rather , they set up a pluralist ( or marxist ) story , frequently a straw man , which they [continue] to contrast with the darker side of liberal democratic politics ( and the impossibility of seriously reforming it ) .

Before we can proceed further we have to grasp a fundamental distinction which the Zande draw between two kinds of occult power , the first of which we shall call ‘ sorcery ’ and the second ‘ witchcraft ’ .
before we can [continue] further we have to grasp a fundamental distinction which the zande draw between two kinds of occult power , the first of which we shall call ‘ sorcery ’ and the second ‘ witchcraft ’ .

With this cautionary illustration behind us we can now proceed to a more complex and interesting example .
with this cautionary illustration behind us we can now [continue] to a more complex and interesting example .

‘ You are clear to proceed , Bravo Golf Kansas zero-zero-niner-zero-fiver-niner . ’
‘ you are clear to [continue] , bravo golf kansas zero-zero-niner-zero-fiver-niner . ’

Wide roads lead to a new bridge crossing the water and traffic can proceed at a fast pace without a halt .
wide roads lead to a new bridge crossing the water and traffic can [continue] at a fast pace without a halt .

Strong walkers will proceed beyond the Lochan Dubha and climb the easy ridge of Druim Hain directly facing until reaching a well-built obelisk commanding a sensational view of Loch Coruisk in a surround of wild mountains .
strong walkers will [continue] beyond the lochan dubha and climb the easy ridge of druim hain directly facing until reaching a well-built obelisk commanding a sensational view of loch coruisk in a surround of wild mountains .

‘ You will proceed from here in my charge , ’ Rork told them , ‘ by deep military transport tunnel to the Palatine hive , to our fortress monastery there .
‘ you will [continue] from here in my charge , ’ rork told them , ‘ by deep military transport tunnel to the palatine hive , to our fortress monastery there .

Punishment to proceed immediately in front of present witnesses .
punishment to [continue] immediately in front of present witnesses .

Oh yes , and gravity increases the further you proceed .
oh yes , and gravity increases the further you [continue] .

Proceed , and entertain us !
[continue] , and entertain us !

The road serves the village of Barashevo and sometimes the civilians have to stand behind the lines of the guards and wait for the columns of criminals to go by before they can proceed on their way .
the road serves the village of barashevo and sometimes the civilians have to stand behind the lines of the guards and wait for the columns of criminals to go by before they can [continue] on their way .

The final stage of the evaporation of a black hole would proceed so rapidly that it would end in a tremendous explosion .
the final stage of the evaporation of a black hole would [continue] so rapidly that it would end in a tremendous explosion .

The agent subsequently contacted us to advise that the company 's was the highest bid and asked if we would be prepared to proceed at that figure .
the agent subsequently contacted us to advise that the company 's was the highest bid and asked if we would be prepared to [continue] at that figure .

Whichever of the above methods is adopted , once the vendor and purchaser have agreed on a sale price , the respective solicitors Will be instructed to proceed with the preparation of draft contracts .
whichever of the above methods is adopted , once the vendor and purchaser have agreed on a sale price , the respective solicitors will be instructed to [continue] with the preparation of draft contracts .

This is particularly likely to arise when the original purchaser is taking an inordinate length of time to proceed .
this is particularly likely to arise when the original purchaser is taking an inordinate length of time to [continue] .

Once the price has been agreed solicitors will be instructed and the legal process , which should be subject to contract , will proceed in the normal Way .
once the price has been agreed solicitors will be instructed and the legal process , which should be subject to contract , will [continue] in the normal way .

The advantage to the developer is that he is under no obligation to exercise the option and proceed with the purchase , whereas the landowner must sell the land to the developer if the terms of the option are met .
the advantage to the developer is that he is under no obligation to exercise the option and [continue] with the purchase , whereas the landowner must sell the land to the developer if the terms of the option are met .

The developer could sell the option to a third party , or in fact exercise the Option and proceed with the purchase even though all the problems have not been solved .
the developer could sell the option to a third party , or in fact exercise the option and [continue] with the purchase even though all the problems have not been solved .

The option is clearly to the advantage of the developer , in that : there is low initial capital commitment there is opportunity to resolve problems and obtain planning approval The faces less competition than would be found if the land was sold at auction or tender if the scheme is abandoned the option need not be exercised On the other hand problems can arise where there is a substantial downturn in the market and it is not viable to proceed at the price agreed in the option agreement .
the option is clearly to the advantage of the developer , in that : there is low initial capital commitment there is opportunity to resolve problems and obtain planning approval the faces less competition than would be found if the land was sold at auction or tender if the scheme is abandoned the option need not be exercised on the other hand problems can arise where there is a substantial downturn in the market and it is not viable to [continue] at the price agreed in the option agreement .

The landowner has the advantage of receiving a cash sum while still enjoying the possession of his land , but generally he does not have the security of knowing that the transaction will proceed .
the landowner has the advantage of receiving a cash sum while still enjoying the possession of his land , but generally he does not have the security of knowing that the transaction will [continue] .

The local authority may insist that existing access roads are improved and widened before allowing development to proceed .
the local authority may insist that existing access roads are improved and widened before allowing development to [continue] .

It is therefore safe for a fire-engine driver to proceed at a higher speed than would be possible for other drivers .
it is therefore safe for a fire-engine driver to [continue] at a higher speed than would be possible for other drivers .

Further ( 2 ) it is reasonable for a fire-engine to proceed quickly to a fire , for life and property may be in danger .
further ( 2 ) it is reasonable for a fire-engine to [continue] quickly to a fire , for life and property may be in danger .

But it must be admitted that this is not a very strong distinction , for in Dudley and Stephens the jury also found that ‘ at the time of the act there was no sail in sight , nor any reasonable prospect of relief ’ ; and it would seem that if the law recognises necessity as a defence it should proceed upon the facts as they appeared to the defendant at the time .
but it must be admitted that this is not a very strong distinction , for in dudley and stephens the jury also found that ‘ at the time of the act there was no sail in sight , nor any reasonable prospect of relief ’ ; and it would seem that if the law recognises necessity as a defence it should [continue] upon the facts as they appeared to the defendant at the time .

Then , as to the doubtful ‘ shell ’ of the question , if you still have time to write on the question , you should expressly point out the doubt in your mind as to what you are being asked , and proceed to write on the doubtful part of the question for the rest of the allotted time .
then , as to the doubtful ‘ shell ’ of the question , if you still have time to write on the question , you should expressly point out the doubt in your mind as to what you are being asked , and [continue] to write on the doubtful part of the question for the rest of the allotted time .

If a question is capable of being answered in a sentence , answer it immediately in that sentence and proceed to explanation afterwards .
if a question is capable of being answered in a sentence , answer it immediately in that sentence and [continue] to explanation afterwards .

Others are spelt ‘ ceed ’ : exceed , proceed , succeed .
others are spelt ‘ ceed ’ : exceed , [continue] , succeed .

‘ Then we 'll proceed .
‘ then we 'll [continue] .

Both texts proceed by questioning the need for a company brochure .
both texts [continue] by questioning the need for a company brochure .

At the sampling stage they are for practical reasons equally important , for it is hard to see how investigators could proceed without some recourse to demographic categories such as class , sex , or ethnicity .
at the sampling stage they are for practical reasons equally important , for it is hard to see how investigators could [continue] without some recourse to demographic categories such as class , sex , or ethnicity .

The second reading debate then dealt with the principle of the measure and could go on as long as members wished to speak , the government soon sensing whether it could proceed or whether modifications were needed .
the second reading debate then dealt with the principle of the measure and could go on as long as members wished to speak , the government soon sensing whether it could [continue] or whether modifications were needed .

And before most ministerial committees an equivalent official committee meets and goes over the points , so that the meeting can proceed without a hitch to an agreed conclusion , provided none of the ministers wishes to interject a personal note .
and before most ministerial committees an equivalent official committee meets and goes over the points , so that the meeting can [continue] without a hitch to an agreed conclusion , provided none of the ministers wishes to interject a personal note .

’ The second government report on the same issue drew attention to the wastage of very able working-class school-leavers who did not proceed to higher education .
’ the second government report on the same issue drew attention to the wastage of very able working-class school-leavers who did not [continue] to higher education .

Lord Brightman said that ‘ great restraint ’ should be exercised in giving leave to proceed by judicial review , and that he was troubled at ‘ the prolific use ’ of the procedure in these cases .
lord brightman said that ‘ great restraint ’ should be exercised in giving leave to [continue] by judicial review , and that he was troubled at ‘ the prolific use ’ of the procedure in these cases .

Prior to Puhlhofer , failure to obtain leave to proceed by judicial review occurred in less than 10 per cent of the applications .
prior to puhlhofer , failure to obtain leave to [continue] by judicial review occurred in less than 10 per cent of the applications .

Correlations in this area , especially in non-Marxist work but still in most Marxist work hitherto , have tended to proceed less from the steady analysis of evidence than from relatively a priori concepts , usually of a strictly contemporary kind , to which such evidence as there is is illustratively added .
correlations in this area , especially in non-marxist work but still in most marxist work hitherto , have tended to [continue] less from the steady analysis of evidence than from relatively a priori concepts , usually of a strictly contemporary kind , to which such evidence as there is is illustratively added .

’ Then without disclosing how — if he had the money to proceed on his own , he would not now be displaying that same information on Esther 's desk — he pressed her for a response .
’ then without disclosing how — if he had the money to [continue] on his own , he would not now be displaying that same information on esther 's desk — he pressed her for a response .

It is not clear how this issue could be resolved , other than by stipulation , and hence rather than attempt to reach a conclusion we will proceed to the more fundamental question of whether the shareholders should , in the first place , be considered to have a moral right to decide how companies should be run in virtue of their ownership of corporate property .
it is not clear how this issue could be resolved , other than by stipulation , and hence rather than attempt to reach a conclusion we will [continue] to the more fundamental question of whether the shareholders should , in the first place , be considered to have a moral right to decide how companies should be run in virtue of their ownership of corporate property .

Now that the objection based on shareholder rights to viewing companies as social enterprises has been removed , we can proceed to a provisional account of the objectives companies should be required to adopt if they are to serve the public interest .
now that the objection based on shareholder rights to viewing companies as social enterprises has been removed , we can [continue] to a provisional account of the objectives companies should be required to adopt if they are to serve the public interest .

‘ Are you sure you want to proceed ? ’
‘ are you sure you want to [continue] ? ’

So the debate on curriculum can only proceed through the statement of generalities , kept aloft by aspirations for change which invoke openness , flexibility , breadth , coherence , progression and other high-inference notions .
so the debate on curriculum can only [continue] through the statement of generalities , kept aloft by aspirations for change which invoke openness , flexibility , breadth , coherence , progression and other high-inference notions .

What is useful is the idea that research and study in a particular field or discipline can proceed for many people for quite long periods in a relatively routine or normal way , without continually digging up the roots .
what is useful is the idea that research and study in a particular field or discipline can [continue] for many people for quite long periods in a relatively routine or normal way , without continually digging up the roots .

Where the company to be formed is of a kind which can be purchased ‘ off the peg ’ from an agency specializing in company formation , this is a cost-effective way to proceed .
where the company to be formed is of a kind which can be purchased ‘ off the peg ’ from an agency specializing in company formation , this is a cost-effective way to [continue] .

In order to proceed further with this debate , it is necessary to look more deeply at the form of the arguments .
in order to [continue] further with this debate , it is necessary to look more deeply at the form of the arguments .

The diagram depicts the development of political goals into parliamentary legislation or ministerial direction in order to provide the plans from which devolved departments ( or agencies ) proceed to day to day implementation .
the diagram depicts the development of political goals into parliamentary legislation or ministerial direction in order to provide the plans from which devolved departments ( or agencies ) [continue] to day to day implementation .

The most effective way to proceed is not necessarily the most efficient .
the most effective way to [continue] is not necessarily the most efficient .

If the originator chooses to proceed , he or she enters the next phase , referred to as initial screening .
if the originator chooses to [continue] , he or she enters the next phase , referred to as initial screening .

At the originator 's request this stage can proceed as a blind-review , with the originator 's name withheld .
at the originator 's request this stage can [continue] as a blind-review , with the originator 's name withheld .

The goal of this meeting is to review the information provided by the reviewers and to decide jointly how to proceed .
the goal of this meeting is to review the information provided by the reviewers and to decide jointly how to [continue] .

The decision as to whether or not to proceed is always made by the originator , thus allowing for his or her growth .
the decision as to whether or not to [continue] is always made by the originator , thus allowing for his or her growth .

which has been returned with the annotation ‘ proceed as indicated ’ .
which has been returned with the annotation ‘ [continue] as indicated ’ .

However , they can be disentangled sufficiently to allow our study of lexical semantics to proceed .
however , they can be disentangled sufficiently to allow our study of lexical semantics to [continue] .

If the outcome of this case depends upon whether or not reference is made to Hansard , how should the matter proceed in the face of the warnings of the Attorney-General that such references might constitute a breach of parliamentary privilege ?
if the outcome of this case depends upon whether or not reference is made to hansard , how should the matter [continue] in the face of the warnings of the attorney-general that such references might constitute a breach of parliamentary privilege ?

All contemporary accounts suggest that eighteenth century seamen , brutal and violent as they could be under provocation , were hardly lacking in the capacity to organise in support of their claims , and by the standards of the day , to do so peaceably whenever the authorities kept their heads sufficiently to allow mediation to proceed .
all contemporary accounts suggest that eighteenth century seamen , brutal and violent as they could be under provocation , were hardly lacking in the capacity to organise in support of their claims , and by the standards of the day , to do so peaceably whenever the authorities kept their heads sufficiently to allow mediation to [continue] .

How each person tends to proceed through the design process will be unique but the overall constraints imposed on whoever tackles the job will be identical .
how each person tends to [continue] through the design process will be unique but the overall constraints imposed on whoever tackles the job will be identical .

In every house in the Rante , as well as at every animist site throughout the valley , numerous puzzling little rituals were taking place — all of which had to be successfully completed , apparently , before the final `` star-launching `` could proceed .
in every house in the rante , as well as at every animist site throughout the valley , numerous puzzling little rituals were taking place — all of which had to be successfully completed , apparently , before the final `` star-launching `` could [continue] .

The offerings had been received , the funeral could proceed .
the offerings had been received , the funeral could [continue] .

Then proceed to those that have still some way to go and take them at least a little further .
then [continue] to those that have still some way to go and take them at least a little further .

Rather , indicate in a few words how the rest of your answer would proceed if you had time .
rather , indicate in a few words how the rest of your answer would [continue] if you had time .

If so , the meeting can proceed ; otherwise , the usual practice is for the meeting to wait a maximum of 15 to 30 minutes for a quorum to assemble .
if so , the meeting can [continue] ; otherwise , the usual practice is for the meeting to wait a maximum of 15 to 30 minutes for a quorum to assemble .

We shall proceed similarly as in the case of conductors .
we shall [continue] similarly as in the case of conductors .

In general , the overwhelming impression given by the 21 May Definition Order is that was intended , for operational purposes , to lay down certain very general but firm guidelines , to ensure that a difficult operation should proceed with as little complication as possible .
in general , the overwhelming impression given by the 21 may definition order is that was intended , for operational purposes , to lay down certain very general but firm guidelines , to ensure that a difficult operation should [continue] with as little complication as possible .

In order to proceed with your analysis and understand the question fully , you will need to look for what is `` hidden `` in and by the question .
in order to [continue] with your analysis and understand the question fully , you will need to look for what is `` hidden `` in and by the question .

It is important for the writer because it lays out a line of attack along which the essay will proceed .
it is important for the writer because it lays out a line of attack along which the essay will [continue] .

As the introduction says how you intend to proceed , you are committing yourself to a particular course .
as the introduction says how you intend to [continue] , you are committing yourself to a particular course .

Proceed as for ( 1 ) , comparing the rank order of the two immature size classes with that for the adults .
[continue] as for ( 1 ) , comparing the rank order of the two immature size classes with that for the adults .

Proceed thereafter as for ( 1 ) .
[continue] thereafter as for ( 1 ) .

If you do proceed with your venturi , then the principle is very simple : using solvent weld cement , glue a conical reducing piece into the intended pipe so that the narrow end of the ‘ nozzle ’ is just into the place where the upright venturi pipe connects in .
if you do [continue] with your venturi , then the principle is very simple : using solvent weld cement , glue a conical reducing piece into the intended pipe so that the narrow end of the ‘ nozzle ’ is just into the place where the upright venturi pipe connects in .

If prosecutors , magistrates , judges and jurors were to proceed on an entirely sceptical footing , many fewer search and arrest warrants would be issued , fewer people would be prosecuted , even fewer would be committed to trial , and , of those tried , many more than at present would be acquitted .
if prosecutors , magistrates , judges and jurors were to [continue] on an entirely sceptical footing , many fewer search and arrest warrants would be issued , fewer people would be prosecuted , even fewer would be committed to trial , and , of those tried , many more than at present would be acquitted .

At the end of the police investigation the suspect must be taken before a prosecutor who decides how the case should proceed .
at the end of the police investigation the suspect must be taken before a prosecutor who decides how the case should [continue] .

It does not proceed on the pretrial dossier .
it does not [continue] on the pretrial dossier .

Once these problems have been identified , we can proceed to develop adequate mechanisms for overcoming them .
once these problems have been identified , we can [continue] to develop adequate mechanisms for overcoming them .

By notice of motion dated 14 May 1990 the Director of Public Prosecutions sought judicial review of ( 1 ) the decision of a single justice sitting at the Liverpool Magistrates ' Court on 16 February 1990 declining to proceed under section 7(5) of the Bail Act 1976 in respect of John James Bell , who had been arrested pursuant to section 7(3) of the Act , until such time as the bench was composed of at least two justices ; ( 2 ) her decision adjourning the proceedings to a court sitting on 19 February 1990 for evidence to be called and until such time remanding the defendant in custody ; and ( 3 ) the decision on 19 February 1990 of the justices before whom the adjourned decision came declining jurisdiction to hear the section 7(5) proceedings .
by notice of motion dated 14 may 1990 the director of public prosecutions sought judicial review of ( 1 ) the decision of a single justice sitting at the liverpool magistrates ' court on 16 february 1990 declining to [continue] under section 7(5) of the bail act 1976 in respect of john james bell , who had been arrested pursuant to section 7(3) of the act , until such time as the bench was composed of at least two justices ; ( 2 ) her decision adjourning the proceedings to a court sitting on 19 february 1990 for evidence to be called and until such time remanding the defendant in custody ; and ( 3 ) the decision on 19 february 1990 of the justices before whom the adjourned decision came declining jurisdiction to hear the section 7(5) proceedings .

The prosecution acknowledges there is insufficient evidence to proceed against Mr McLean on charges of murder , manslaughter or grievous bodily harm , and against Mr Lopez on any charge .
the prosecution acknowledges there is insufficient evidence to [continue] against mr mclean on charges of murder , manslaughter or grievous bodily harm , and against mr lopez on any charge .

In Raymond Aron 's words , ‘ The essence of capitalist exchange is to proceed from money to money by way of commodity and end up with more money than one had at the outset ’ .
in raymond aron 's words , ‘ the essence of capitalist exchange is to [continue] from money to money by way of commodity and end up with more money than one had at the outset ’ .

If , however , an appeal committee comes to the conclusion that efficiency would be prejudiced by complying with the preference , then the appeal committee will have to proceed to the second stage and decide how to exercise its discretion , by weighing up the advantages which would be achieved by complying with the preference as against the prejudice this would cause .
if , however , an appeal committee comes to the conclusion that efficiency would be prejudiced by complying with the preference , then the appeal committee will have to [continue] to the second stage and decide how to exercise its discretion , by weighing up the advantages which would be achieved by complying with the preference as against the prejudice this would cause .

We should proceed beyond the immediate results of experience only so far as legitimate inductions will take us .
we should [continue] beyond the immediate results of experience only so far as legitimate inductions will take us .

When the match was found wanting , he was able to proceed to non-spherical planets , and so on .
when the match was found wanting , he was able to [continue] to non-spherical planets , and so on .

With this résumé as a foretaste , let us proceed to look at the various components of Kuhn 's scheme in more detail .
with this résumé as a foretaste , let us [continue] to look at the various components of kuhn 's scheme in more detail .

Only Nikias mentions their specific brief from the People to proceed against Selinus , and his views do not prevail .
only nikias mentions their specific brief from the people to [continue] against selinus , and his views do not prevail .

There was anyway ambiguity about that brief , because ( vii.11 ) the same Nikias alludes in a letter to the Assembly to a brief to proceed against Syracuse : same phrase , different object .
there was anyway ambiguity about that brief , because ( vii.11 ) the same nikias alludes in a letter to the assembly to a brief to [continue] against syracuse : same phrase , different object .

( iii ) Denial to the council of the right to sue in libel would still leave the council free to proceed for damages in an action for malicious falsehood and to invoke , if they could , the law of criminal libel .
( iii ) denial to the council of the right to sue in libel would still leave the council free to [continue] for damages in an action for malicious falsehood and to invoke , if they could , the law of criminal libel .

‘ a judge has not and should not appear to have any responsibility for the institution of prosecutions ; nor has he any power to refuse to allow a prosecution to proceed merely because he considers that , as a matter of policy , it ought not to have been brought .
‘ a judge has not and should not appear to have any responsibility for the institution of prosecutions ; nor has he any power to refuse to allow a prosecution to [continue] merely because he considers that , as a matter of policy , it ought not to have been brought .

In the event of an unsuccessful application to the Crown Court on such grounds , the appropriate procedure will be for the trial to proceed in accordance with the ruling of the trial judge and , if necessary , the point should be argued as part of any appeal to the Court of Appeal ( Criminal Division ) .
in the event of an unsuccessful application to the crown court on such grounds , the appropriate procedure will be for the trial to [continue] in accordance with the ruling of the trial judge and , if necessary , the point should be argued as part of any appeal to the court of appeal ( criminal division ) .

In our transit across public places we rely on others recognising the rules which assign us the right to proceed without being inconvenienced by impudent stares or unsolicited conversational openings .
in our transit across public places we rely on others recognising the rules which assign us the right to [continue] without being inconvenienced by impudent stares or unsolicited conversational openings .

On the other hand we also proceed on the assumption that we have some measure of personal access to others if the occasion unexpectedly requires it and vice versa .
on the other hand we also [continue] on the assumption that we have some measure of personal access to others if the occasion unexpectedly requires it and vice versa .

We now proceed to examine these rival accounts .
we now [continue] to examine these rival accounts .

And this , as we now proceed to discuss , is the crucial interaction which we see as the key to understanding the penal crisis and responses to it .
and this , as we now [continue] to discuss , is the crucial interaction which we see as the key to understanding the penal crisis and responses to it .

For there is a single unifying factor of the crisis , into which all the exacerbating elements flow and from which all the symptoms of the crisis proceed ( as Figure 1.2 shows ) .
for there is a single unifying factor of the crisis , into which all the exacerbating elements flow and from which all the symptoms of the crisis [continue] ( as figure 1.2 shows ) .

Due process is not appropriate in the diagnosis and treatment of crime any more than it is in medicine , since the scientific investigative process does not and should not proceed along legalistic lines .
due process is not appropriate in the diagnosis and treatment of crime any more than it is in medicine , since the scientific investigative process does not and should not [continue] along legalistic lines .

However , it is in his treatment of ideology that Gramsci 's legacy has been most pervasive and where he is the unmistakable precursor of all the Marxist and post-Marxist theorists we now proceed to discuss .
however , it is in his treatment of ideology that gramsci 's legacy has been most pervasive and where he is the unmistakable precursor of all the marxist and post-marxist theorists we now [continue] to discuss .

Although the police and Crown Prosecution Service have a vital role in determining which alleged offenders proceed to subsequent stages of the criminal justice system , the most direct and immediate impact on the penal system is exercised by the courts themselves .
although the police and crown prosecution service have a vital role in determining which alleged offenders [continue] to subsequent stages of the criminal justice system , the most direct and immediate impact on the penal system is exercised by the courts themselves .

Just 19 months later it achieved the dubious distinction of being the only Royal Commission to be wound up without producing a report when it collapsed over internal differences as to the scope of its report and how it should proceed .
just 19 months later it achieved the dubious distinction of being the only royal commission to be wound up without producing a report when it collapsed over internal differences as to the scope of its report and how it should [continue] .

Arthur went back to life alone in his rooms in South Kensington and wondered how to proceed .
arthur went back to life alone in his rooms in south kensington and wondered how to [continue] .

This move towards legislation in the field of social policy that does not proceed from evidence or research by those professionals engaged in the field , but proceeds from the ideology of the political party in power , has doubtless significantly changed not only the structure of the social services but also the role of the legislative process .
this move towards legislation in the field of social policy that does not [continue] from evidence or research by those professionals engaged in the field , but proceeds from the ideology of the political party in power , has doubtless significantly changed not only the structure of the social services but also the role of the legislative process .

However , the initial experience was sufficiently encouraging for all the practices to proceed to real fundholding in October 1991 .
however , the initial experience was sufficiently encouraging for all the practices to [continue] to real fundholding in october 1991 .

There is disagreement among neurologists as to whether lumbar puncture should proceed without tomography in these circumstances .
there is disagreement among neurologists as to whether lumbar puncture should [continue] without tomography in these circumstances .

From these deathly origins Nizan 's life span was to proceed in an anguished spiral .
from these deathly origins nizan 's life span was to [continue] in an anguished spiral .

It is a big step , however , to proceed from the thesis of heightened metaphysical anguish engendered by confrontation with the practical reality of Soviet society , to the thesis of disavowal of the Soviet communist cause itself .
it is a big step , however , to [continue] from the thesis of heightened metaphysical anguish engendered by confrontation with the practical reality of soviet society , to the thesis of disavowal of the soviet communist cause itself .

So things proceed until Flatpattern ( as Hopkin ) becomes lionised and his social life begins to get out of hand .
so things [continue] until flatpattern ( as hopkin ) becomes lionised and his social life begins to get out of hand .

The power of individuals to grasp autonomy for themselves depends on their ability to proceed in groups without the powerful outsider .
the power of individuals to grasp autonomy for themselves depends on their ability to [continue] in groups without the powerful outsider .

With Williams ' ( 1980 ) caveat that we must qualify the meaning of every term in the expression accepted , we can still best proceed if we understand that ‘ base determines superstructure ’ .
with williams ' ( 1980 ) caveat that we must qualify the meaning of every term in the expression accepted , we can still best [continue] if we understand that ‘ base determines superstructure ’ .

For now we can proceed in terms of dealing with a fundamental social order which can be usefully described as disorganized capitalism .
for now we can [continue] in terms of dealing with a fundamental social order which can be usefully described as disorganized capitalism .

Most of the discussions about the relationships between class , state , economy and civil society proceed on the basis of a ‘ unitary conception ’ of the working class .
most of the discussions about the relationships between class , state , economy and civil society [continue] on the basis of a ‘ unitary conception ’ of the working class .

This process of adaptation and acceptance may be broken into several phases which can proceed at varying speeds and may be complete only after several generations have passed .
this process of adaptation and acceptance may be broken into several phases which can [continue] at varying speeds and may be complete only after several generations have passed .

In 1982 , 78 per cent of cases in which pre-hearing assessments had been requested did not proceed to a full hearing .
in 1982 , 78 per cent of cases in which pre-hearing assessments had been requested did not [continue] to a full hearing .

It also seems that applications to the tribunal selected for a pre-hearing assessment are more likely to proceed to a hearing than other cases , while at the same time the success rate for those who proceed in the face of an ‘ unlikely to succeed ’ warning is not very different from other cases ( DoE , 1988 ) .
it also seems that applications to the tribunal selected for a pre-hearing assessment are more likely to [continue] to a hearing than other cases , while at the same time the success rate for those who [continue] in the face of an ‘ unlikely to succeed ’ warning is not very different from other cases ( doe , 1988 ) .

In 1988 there were 1087 applications for leave to seek judicial review in all civil cases of which 618 were allowed to proceed to consideration of their merits ( Judicial Statistics , 1988 ) .
in 1988 there were 1087 applications for leave to seek judicial review in all civil cases of which 618 were allowed to [continue] to consideration of their merits ( judicial statistics , 1988 ) .

where there has been surprise , as where the trial judge allows the case to proceed on a basis other than that pleaded without giving the other side an opportunity to consider the new material ;
where there has been surprise , as where the trial judge allows the case to [continue] on a basis other than that pleaded without giving the other side an opportunity to consider the new material ;

The issue raised by these developments is whether the principle of orality upon which English trials and appeals proceed is the best way of dealing with appeals .
the issue raised by these developments is whether the principle of orality upon which english trials and appeals [continue] is the best way of dealing with appeals .

In some cases appeals may proceed directly from the High Court ( not from county courts or tribunals of first instance ) to the House of Lords .
in some cases appeals may [continue] directly from the high court ( not from county courts or tribunals of first instance ) to the house of lords .

Because few such cases proceed to trial it was argued that claims assessors should be able to issue proceedings on behalf of their clients .
because few such cases [continue] to trial it was argued that claims assessors should be able to issue proceedings on behalf of their clients .

In 1286 and 1290 , moreover , Pecham had no doubt been further reassured by the two statutes of Circumspecte agatis and Consultation , which respectively defined some boundaries of jurisdiction and allowed ecclesiastical courts to proceed where writs of prohibition had been inappropriately obtained .
in 1286 and 1290 , moreover , pecham had no doubt been further reassured by the two statutes of circumspecte agatis and consultation , which respectively defined some boundaries of jurisdiction and allowed ecclesiastical courts to [continue] where writs of prohibition had been inappropriately obtained .

They probably had in mind , too , the concern of the pope-demonstrated in his letters and by his emissaries — to restore peace to the realm so that the king might proceed on crusade .
they probably had in mind , too , the concern of the pope-demonstrated in his letters and by his emissaries — to restore peace to the realm so that the king might [continue] on crusade .

But the argument does not proceed directly in this fallacious way , but indirectly via the principle of universalizability .
but the argument does not [continue] directly in this fallacious way , but indirectly via the principle of universalizability .

We have seen how a conversation between a sergeant and a private might proceed by reference to each of the felicity conditions for an order and a challenge to each of them in turn , before becoming more explicit with the use of a direct order and an outright refusal .
we have seen how a conversation between a sergeant and a private might [continue] by reference to each of the felicity conditions for an order and a challenge to each of them in turn , before becoming more explicit with the use of a direct order and an outright refusal .

How far do conversational principles and the interpretation of speech acts proceed differently in different cultures , for example ?
how far do conversational principles and the interpretation of speech acts [continue] differently in different cultures , for example ?

Working on corpora of North American conversational data , they proceed very much from the bottom-up trying to establish the smallest units first .
working on corpora of north american conversational data , they [continue] very much from the bottom-up trying to establish the smallest units first .

In this light , all discourse seems to proceed like a dialogue , even if the other voice is only present as a ghost .
in this light , all discourse seems to [continue] like a dialogue , even if the other voice is only present as a ghost .

Only after describing all rooms would they then proceed to detail their contents .
only after describing all rooms would they then [continue] to detail their contents .

In this section , where we are concerned with the development of discourse skills in students and the degree to which existing materials help this development , we shall proceed in the opposite direction from that of Section One and move top-down through the levels of discourse described in Figure 8 .
in this section , where we are concerned with the development of discourse skills in students and the degree to which existing materials help this development , we shall [continue] in the opposite direction from that of section one and move top-down through the levels of discourse described in figure 8 .

Confronted with data of the following sort , an extract from a private diary only intended to remind the elderly writer of how she passed a day in January 1982 , the discourse analyst may not be able to proceed very far in his analysis .
confronted with data of the following sort , an extract from a private diary only intended to remind the elderly writer of how she passed a day in january 1982 , the discourse analyst may not be able to [continue] very far in his analysis .

Not always , though , did effects shots proceed as smoothly .
not always , though , did effects shots [continue] as smoothly .

‘ Now we can proceed .
‘ now we can [continue] .

These trips would proceed on the basis that Richard Branson 's lack of musical expertise was less of a liability than Simon Draper 's lack of salesmanship .
these trips would [continue] on the basis that richard branson 's lack of musical expertise was less of a liability than simon draper 's lack of salesmanship .

In outline , they proceed thus :
in outline , they [continue] thus :

It is inconceivable that he should proceed in reliance solely upon the consent of an under-age patient , however ‘ Gillick competent , ’ in the absence of supporting parental consent and equally inconceivable that he should proceed in the absence of the patient 's consent .
it is inconceivable that he should [continue] in reliance solely upon the consent of an under-age patient , however ‘ gillick competent , ’ in the absence of supporting parental consent and equally inconceivable that he should [continue] in the absence of the patient 's consent .

Given the complexities of some of the procedures which police officers are required to operate under this legislation , it is not surprising to find that the Metropolitan Police , and no doubt many other forces as well , have issued a set of elaborate and detailed instructions which indicate to an officer precisely how he is to proceed in any one of the many contingencies that may arise and which are designed to ensure that he acts in accordance with the statute as interpreted by the courts .
given the complexities of some of the procedures which police officers are required to operate under this legislation , it is not surprising to find that the metropolitan police , and no doubt many other forces as well , have issued a set of elaborate and detailed instructions which indicate to an officer precisely how he is to [continue] in any one of the many contingencies that may arise and which are designed to ensure that he acts in accordance with the statute as interpreted by the courts .

On 31 January 1990 , the Secretary of State issued his order to proceed .
on 31 january 1990 , the secretary of state issued his order to [continue] .

The committal proceedings , following upon the Secretary of State 's order to proceed , took place at Bow Street on 16 August 1990 .
the committal proceedings , following upon the secretary of state 's order to [continue] , took place at bow street on 16 august 1990 .

My conclusion makes it unnecessary for me to proceed further upon the natural justice argument .
my conclusion makes it unnecessary for me to [continue] further upon the natural justice argument .

We can leave the Housing Act 1988 and proceed to the Rent Act 1977 , bearing in mind that the issue in this case was whether there was a person , namely , the landlord , who was restricted in his right to recover possession of the premises by virtue of an enactment or rule of law . Section 1 of the Act of 1977 provides :
we can leave the housing act 1988 and [continue] to the rent act 1977 , bearing in mind that the issue in this case was whether there was a person , namely , the landlord , who was restricted in his right to recover possession of the premises by virtue of an enactment or rule of law . section 1 of the act of 1977 provides :

Both the defendants and the Bank of England , while not expressly acknowledging the link , invite the court to proceed for present purposes on the assumption that without the defendants ' breach the Bank of England would not have issued the section 39 notice in its present form .
both the defendants and the bank of england , while not expressly acknowledging the link , invite the court to [continue] for present purposes on the assumption that without the defendants ' breach the bank of england would not have issued the section 39 notice in its present form .

It must proceed on the presumption omnia praesumuntur rite esse acta until that presumption can be displaced by the applicant for review — upon whom the onus lies of doing so .
it must [continue] on the presumption omnia praesumuntur rite esse acta until that presumption can be displaced by the applicant for review — upon whom the onus lies of doing so .

Nobody could doubt that the applications made by the applicant to the district judge were applications in a criminal cause , for their purpose was to determine the way in which the prosecution should proceed .
nobody could doubt that the applications made by the applicant to the district judge were applications in a criminal cause , for their purpose was to determine the way in which the prosecution should [continue] .

The purpose of the judicial review was to dispose of the district judge 's order so as to permit the substitution by the reviewing court of a different order , still directed to the way in which the matter should proceed .
the purpose of the judicial review was to dispose of the district judge 's order so as to permit the substitution by the reviewing court of a different order , still directed to the way in which the matter should [continue] .

In the event of an unsuccessful application to the Crown Court on such grounds , the appropriate procedure will be for the trial to proceed in accordance with the ruling of the trial judge and , if necessary , the point should be argued as part of any appeal to the Court of Appeal ( Criminal Division ) .
in the event of an unsuccessful application to the crown court on such grounds , the appropriate procedure will be for the trial to [continue] in accordance with the ruling of the trial judge and , if necessary , the point should be argued as part of any appeal to the court of appeal ( criminal division ) .

No absolute rule can be laid down as to the way the subordinate judge should proceed .
no absolute rule can be laid down as to the way the subordinate judge should [continue] .

‘ But we do not proceed on some of the grounds mentioned at the bar , such as the effect of the plaintiff 's alteration of the instrument as making it void , or that the defendant thereby lost his right to contribution from the joint makers of the note ; nor on any doctrine as to the relation of principal and surety .
‘ but we do not [continue] on some of the grounds mentioned at the bar , such as the effect of the plaintiff 's alteration of the instrument as making it void , or that the defendant thereby lost his right to contribution from the joint makers of the note ; nor on any doctrine as to the relation of principal and surety .

It followed that in Cocks v. Thanet District Council , since the applicant for accommodation was apparently asserting a breach by the local authority of public law as distinct from private law duties , he was not entitled to proceed by action in the county court , but only by means of an application for judicial review .
it followed that in cocks v. thanet district council , since the applicant for accommodation was apparently asserting a breach by the local authority of public law as distinct from private law duties , he was not entitled to [continue] by action in the county court , but only by means of an application for judicial review .

That case can thus be seen to proceed on the same basis as the colore officii cases .
that case can thus be seen to [continue] on the same basis as the colore officii cases .

However , before considering whether your Lordships should proceed in that direction , it is first necessary to have regard to the impact of any relevant statutory provisions governing the repayment of overpaid tax by the revenue to the taxpayer .
however , before considering whether your lordships should [continue] in that direction , it is first necessary to have regard to the impact of any relevant statutory provisions governing the repayment of overpaid tax by the revenue to the taxpayer .

While not inviting the Board to adopt in regard to Zaidie and Matadial a rule such as that which applies to accomplices , the alleged victims of sexual assaults and young children , the defendant submitted that there was an obligation ( not performed in this case ) to advise the jury to proceed with caution where there was material to suggest that the evidence of the witnesses might be tainted by an improper motive .
while not inviting the board to adopt in regard to zaidie and matadial a rule such as that which applies to accomplices , the alleged victims of sexual assaults and young children , the defendant submitted that there was an obligation ( not performed in this case ) to advise the jury to [continue] with caution where there was material to suggest that the evidence of the witnesses might be tainted by an improper motive .

Providing a coroner has considered the result of a post mortem examination and he is satisfied that there is no reasonable cause to suspect an unnatural death , then he is entitled to proceed under section 19 ( 1 ) and to decline to hold an inquest .
providing a coroner has considered the result of a post mortem examination and he is satisfied that there is no reasonable cause to suspect an unnatural death , then he is entitled to [continue] under section 19 ( 1 ) and to decline to hold an inquest .

‘ save that it can be required by Matlodge [ the purchaser ] to give possession on not less than one quarter 's notice in writing upon Matlodge certifying that it is ready at the expiration of such notice forthwith to proceed with the development of the property and the neighbouring property involving , inter alia , the demolition of the property .
‘ save that it can be required by matlodge [ the purchaser ] to give possession on not less than one quarter 's notice in writing upon matlodge certifying that it is ready at the expiration of such notice forthwith to [continue] with the development of the property and the neighbouring property involving , inter alia , the demolition of the property .

The tenancy was not from year to year but for a term which would continue until Matlodge certified that it was ready to proceed with the development of the property .
the tenancy was not from year to year but for a term which would continue until matlodge certified that it was ready to [continue] with the development of the property .

In such a situation while the judge may rule that the case shall proceed and be considered by the jury it would not be the duty of counsel to cross-examine the defence witnesses or address the jury if he was of the view that it would not be proper to convict .
in such a situation while the judge may rule that the case shall [continue] and be considered by the jury it would not be the duty of counsel to cross-examine the defence witnesses or address the jury if he was of the view that it would not be proper to convict .

Where the official receiver receives a request for a meeting of creditors to be held in a case where he had decided not to summon such a meeting , he must withdraw any notices given by him that he did not intend to summon such a meeting and fix a date and venue for the meeting not more than three months from the date of the request and proceed as if he had decided to summon a meeting .
where the official receiver receives a request for a meeting of creditors to be held in a case where he had decided not to summon such a meeting , he must withdraw any notices given by him that he did not intend to summon such a meeting and fix a date and venue for the meeting not more than three months from the date of the request and [continue] as if he had decided to summon a meeting .

If the court considers the application should proceed , a date will be fixed .
if the court considers the application should [continue] , a date will be fixed .

The trustee must not , except with the leave of the court , proceed to declare a dividend whilst there is pending any application to the court to reverse or vary a decision of his on a proof or to expunge a proof or to reduce the amount claimed ( r 11.5 ( 2 ) ) .
the trustee must not , except with the leave of the court , [continue] to declare a dividend whilst there is pending any application to the court to reverse or vary a decision of his on a proof or to expunge a proof or to reduce the amount claimed ( r 11.5 ( 2 ) ) .

Mossadeq declare that Iran did not need a settlement anyway ; much better that the country proceed as if it had no oil — at least that way it would not be exploited .
mossadeq declare that iran did not need a settlement anyway ; much better that the country [continue] as if it had no oil — at least that way it would not be exploited .

One possibility was `` to write off the Shah and proceed on the unpalatable consumption that Mosadeq is the indisputable ruler of Persia and the only bulwark against Communism `` In the end , however , the prime minister advisers decided that it was almost prudent for Britain to follow the American line . ``
one possibility was `` to write off the shah and [continue] on the unpalatable consumption that mosadeq is the indisputable ruler of persia and the only bulwark against communism `` in the end , however , the prime minister advisers decided that it was almost prudent for britain to follow the american line . ``

When the hunt — which is conducted by setting grass fires and spearing the pigs as they flee — separates a sow from her litter , the hunters put the piglets in a bog and take them home to the women , who proceed to raise them as though they were children .
when the hunt — which is conducted by setting grass fires and spearing the pigs as they flee — separates a sow from her litter , the hunters put the piglets in a bog and take them home to the women , who [continue] to raise them as though they were children .

( 5.5 ) If a non-terminated process is put in parallel with a terminated one , then only the non-terminated one can proceed .
( 5.5 ) if a non-terminated process is put in parallel with a terminated one , then only the non-terminated one can [continue] .

If two non-terminated processes are put in parallel with one another then they can proceed independently on all actions except those which represent communication between them .
if two non-terminated processes are put in parallel with one another then they can [continue] independently on all actions except those which represent communication between them .

( 3 ) At such adjourned meeting the licensing board may , if it is satisfied that the terms specified by the board have been complied with ( a ) proceed to grant the licence to the applicant or , as the case may be , to his executors , representatives or disponees ( being possessed of the premises in respect of which the application has been made ) ; ( b ) proceed to consider the objection , whether on the part of the objector or , in the case of a deceased objector , on the part of his representatives ; as if the preliminary requirements of this Act had been complied with .
( 3 ) at such adjourned meeting the licensing board may , if it is satisfied that the terms specified by the board have been complied with ( a ) [continue] to grant the licence to the applicant or , as the case may be , to his executors , representatives or disponees ( being possessed of the premises in respect of which the application has been made ) ; ( b ) [continue] to consider the objection , whether on the part of the objector or , in the case of a deceased objector , on the part of his representatives ; as if the preliminary requirements of this act had been complied with .

One has a deep inner peace about it ; not absolute intellectual certainty , but practical confidence , which allows one to proceed to action with joyful assurance .
one has a deep inner peace about it ; not absolute intellectual certainty , but practical confidence , which allows one to [continue] to action with joyful assurance .

Without a word he would get hold of it with his forceps and proceed to extract it without anaesthetic , exclaiming with great satisfaction , ‘ Via il dente , via il dolore ’ , ‘ Tooth gone , pain gone ’ .
without a word he would get hold of it with his forceps and [continue] to extract it without anaesthetic , exclaiming with great satisfaction , ‘ via il dente , via il dolore ’ , ‘ tooth gone , pain gone ’ .

We want the Minister to say that sales will not proceed until there is agreement not consultation — among the parties concerned to ensure the success of buy-outs .
we want the minister to say that sales will not [continue] until there is agreement not consultation — among the parties concerned to ensure the success of buy-outs .

While the process did not necessarily proceed without negotiation and iteration between stages , the planning literature emphasized the general logic of the need to integrate short-term budgets with long-term planning .
while the process did not necessarily [continue] without negotiation and iteration between stages , the planning literature emphasized the general logic of the need to integrate short-term budgets with long-term planning .

169–70 ) provide an indication of how one might proceed with such tests .
169–70 ) provide an indication of how one might [continue] with such tests .

There are then just two ways in which top managers can proceed .
there are then just two ways in which top managers can [continue] .

The afternoon was drawing on and he must proceed with despatch , for he had promised his star , Fantina , his dearest daughter , that he would be back early .
the afternoon was drawing on and he must [continue] with despatch , for he had promised his star , fantina , his dearest daughter , that he would be back early .

In that most cultivated of species , cultural changes proceed at an exceptionally high rate , and affect nearly all components of behaviour .
in that most cultivated of species , cultural changes [continue] at an exceptionally high rate , and affect nearly all components of behaviour .

Some such judgment is however necessary in order to proceed at all .
some such judgment is however necessary in order to [continue] at all .

This expresses nothing more than the notion that the decision should proceed from the proofs and arguments advanced by the parties .
this expresses nothing more than the notion that the decision should [continue] from the proofs and arguments advanced by the parties .

Secondly , in the classic jurisdictional fact cases the courts proceed on the assumption that they will supply the one correct answer to the disputed term .
secondly , in the classic jurisdictional fact cases the courts [continue] on the assumption that they will supply the one correct answer to the disputed term .

Limitations on delegation , and on the extent to which an authority can proceed through policies or rules , provide the two main limbs of this type of constraint .
limitations on delegation , and on the extent to which an authority can [continue] through policies or rules , provide the two main limbs of this type of constraint .

They are all directed towards bringing potential customers from a state of unawareness of the product to a state where they are convinced of the value of the product and proceed to buy it .
they are all directed towards bringing potential customers from a state of unawareness of the product to a state where they are convinced of the value of the product and [continue] to buy it .

Before we proceed to these other chapters , it may be helpful to consider the likely organization structure of the Production function in a manufacturing organization .
before we [continue] to these other chapters , it may be helpful to consider the likely organization structure of the production function in a manufacturing organization .

10 . If a decision is made to proceed with a purchase , then the sequence of events could follow these lines :
10 . if a decision is made to [continue] with a purchase , then the sequence of events could follow these lines :

Instead of hoping that experiments would eventually pile up evidence for some particular formula , he recognized that it was necessary to proceed hypothetico-deductively : to propose a structure for a given substance , then to work out consequences of this and test them .
instead of hoping that experiments would eventually pile up evidence for some particular formula , he recognized that it was necessary to [continue] hypothetico-deductively : to propose a structure for a given substance , then to work out consequences of this and test them .

In June 1976 the Labour Secretary of State for Education and Science issued Tameside a directive to proceed with comprehensive reorganization on the grounds that to do otherwise at such a late stage would be unreasonable .
in june 1976 the labour secretary of state for education and science issued tameside a directive to [continue] with comprehensive reorganization on the grounds that to do otherwise at such a late stage would be unreasonable .

This reduction of demand to a tow level maximized the number of children who could proceed without assistance , and offered at least the illusion of motivation through enjoyment .
this reduction of demand to a tow level maximized the number of children who could [continue] without assistance , and offered at least the illusion of motivation through enjoyment .

The parade was scheduled to proceed through the city and skirt round the walls overlooking the Bogside .
the parade was scheduled to [continue] through the city and skirt round the walls overlooking the bogside .

They were to proceed from here on foot .
they were to [continue] from here on foot .

She felt resolved in spirit but uncertain how best to proceed .
she felt resolved in spirit but uncertain how best to [continue] .

If everything i s all right you can proceed , or if a problem is detected , the surveyor will give an estimate of the likely costs required to put it right .
if everything i s all right you can [continue] , or if a problem is detected , the surveyor will give an estimate of the likely costs required to put it right .

From the centre of Headington proceed down Windmill Road .
from the centre of headington [continue] down windmill road .

From Oxford City Centre proceed along the High Street out of Oxford .
from oxford city centre [continue] along the high street out of oxford .

From Adkin , 128 Oxford Road , Cowley office , proceed through the traffic lights by the Original Swan public house and onto the ring road .
from adkin , 128 oxford road , cowley office , [continue] through the traffic lights by the original swan public house and onto the ring road .

On approaching the village proceed around the hairpin bend in the centre of the village towards the disused railway bridge and the property will be found just before the bridge on the left hand side , identified by an Adkin ‘ For Sale ’ board .
on approaching the village [continue] around the hairpin bend in the centre of the village towards the disused railway bridge and the property will be found just before the bridge on the left hand side , identified by an adkin ‘ for sale ’ board .

From Adkin 109 , London Road proceed towards the ring road and at the roundabout take the second exit into Bayswater Road .
from adkin 109 , london road [continue] towards the ring road and at the roundabout take the second exit into bayswater road .

— From Adkin St Clements Office at the Plain Roundabout take the second exit into the Cowley Road proceed for approximately a quarter of a mile and turn left into Jeune Street .
— from adkin st clements office at the plain roundabout take the second exit into the cowley road [continue] for approximately a quarter of a mile and turn left into jeune street .

From Adkin 109 , London Road proceed along the main road heading towards the ring road and after several hundred yards turn left into Barton Road where the property will be found on the left hand side .
from adkin 109 , london road [continue] along the main road heading towards the ring road and after several hundred yards turn left into barton road where the property will be found on the left hand side .

From our Headington Office , proceed down Windmill Road and at the mini roundabout continue over into the Slade .
from our headington office , [continue] down windmill road and at the mini roundabout continue over into the slade .

— Leave Oxford via St Clements , proceed through Headington to the Green Road roundabout .
— leave oxford via st clements , [continue] through headington to the green road roundabout .

From Adkin , 128 Oxford Road , Cowley office , proceed to the traffic lights by the Original Swan public house and turn left into Hollow Way .
from adkin , 128 oxford road , cowley office , [continue] to the traffic lights by the original swan public house and turn left into hollow way .

Proceed along Hollow Way and the property will be seen after a short distance on the left hand side , identified by an Adkin ‘ For Sale ’ board .
[continue] along hollow way and the property will be seen after a short distance on the left hand side , identified by an adkin ‘ for sale ’ board .

From our Cowley office proceed East for approx .
from our cowley office [continue] east for approx .

From our Summertown Office proceed north on Banbury Road , continuing straight over the ring road roundabout .
from our summertown office [continue] north on banbury road , continuing straight over the ring road roundabout .

From our East Oxford branch , proceed along the Cowley Road for approx .
from our east oxford branch , [continue] along the cowley road for approx .

This case had the desired effect of persuading other recalcitrant authorities to proceed more quickly .
this case had the desired effect of persuading other recalcitrant authorities to [continue] more quickly .

Initially the government proposed establishing HATs in twenty estates but by March 1989 , because of financial constraints , they had decided to proceed with only nine .
initially the government proposed establishing hats in twenty estates but by march 1989 , because of financial constraints , they had decided to [continue] with only nine .

If we are to proceed in our quest or to search our land we have to accept that we are unlikely to do so , unless we accept some measure of control ourselves .
if we are to [continue] in our quest or to search our land we have to accept that we are unlikely to do so , unless we accept some measure of control ourselves .

At top by large cairn proceed down valley past further cairns .
at top by large cairn [continue] down valley past further cairns .

On rejoining main road proceed along it for 250 yds before picking up track on right .
on rejoining main road [continue] along it for 250 yds before picking up track on right .

Proceed between fences ; after 150 yds fork right ( left goes to promontory ( b ) ) .
[continue] between fences ; after 150 yds fork right ( left goes to promontory ( b ) ) .

‘ Father Abbot , do you proceed , and we are all content .
‘ father abbot , do you [continue] , and we are all content .

‘ Proceed , my lord .
‘ [continue] , my lord .

Rather , it has set out to demonstrate how seriously we take the many connections between pupil and teacher language and learning and teaching in schools , and to describe something of how staff and students proceed .
rather , it has set out to demonstrate how seriously we take the many connections between pupil and teacher language and learning and teaching in schools , and to describe something of how staff and students [continue] .

the obsolete and the outworn to proceed ?
the obsolete and the outworn to [continue] ?

As early as February 1941 the Minister of Works and Buildings ( Lord Reith ) was being advised that post-war reconstruction would proceed on the basis of some central planning authority ( Cullingworth , 1975 ) .
as early as february 1941 the minister of works and buildings ( lord reith ) was being advised that post-war reconstruction would [continue] on the basis of some central planning authority ( cullingworth , 1975 ) .

Nobody spoke for a while , then the Exec Director reopened the discussion . ‘ Has Moscow any suggestions as to how we should proceed ? ’
nobody spoke for a while , then the exec director reopened the discussion . ‘ has moscow any suggestions as to how we should [continue] ? ’

The darkness was so total that she wondered if they would even be able to proceed without the aid of a torch .
the darkness was so total that she wondered if they would even be able to [continue] without the aid of a torch .

Polanyi , we saw earlier , has drawn attention to the ‘ tacit ’ knowledge by which even scientists with their supposedly elaborated codes proceed in their work .
polanyi , we saw earlier , has drawn attention to the ‘ tacit ’ knowledge by which even scientists with their supposedly elaborated codes [continue] in their work .

Having discussed these introductory points , we can proceed to examine some of the ways in which the structure of organisations contributes to the achievement of the goals set by management .
having discussed these introductory points , we can [continue] to examine some of the ways in which the structure of organisations contributes to the achievement of the goals set by management .

He was educated at the Canongate Burgh School , Edinburgh , and the University of Edinburgh ( 1845–7 , 1851–7 ) where he read arts and divinity but did not proceed to graduate .
he was educated at the canongate burgh school , edinburgh , and the university of edinburgh ( 1845–7 , 1851–7 ) where he read arts and divinity but did not [continue] to graduate .

Cecil matriculated at Trinity College , Oxford , on 16 July 1621 but did not proceed to a degree .
cecil matriculated at trinity college , oxford , on 16 july 1621 but did not [continue] to a degree .

Sadler , an astute businessman , did not proceed with the costly patent application , realizing that his process was safer if kept a closely guarded trade secret .
sadler , an astute businessman , did not [continue] with the costly patent application , realizing that his process was safer if kept a closely guarded trade secret .

Much in demand as a conciliator , he believed that the redress of grievances should proceed ‘ with all temper and due moderation ’ .
much in demand as a conciliator , he believed that the redress of grievances should [continue] ‘ with all temper and due moderation ’ .

where the two directors disagreed and neither had a casting vote , the House of Lords held that registration must proceed .
where the two directors disagreed and neither had a casting vote , the house of lords held that registration must [continue] .

If the directors do not , within a further 21 days , proceed duly to convene the meeting , the person who gave notice may himself do so .
if the directors do not , within a further 21 days , [continue] duly to convene the meeting , the person who gave notice may himself do so .

It may therefore be necessary to proceed against him under the latter section , supposing that the requisite intention can be established , or under section 5 .
it may therefore be necessary to [continue] against him under the latter section , supposing that the requisite intention can be established , or under section 5 .

For example , where disrupters of a public meeting are themselves behaving unreasonably , and possibly illegally , there should be some sort of obligation to proceed first against the disrupters rather than the speakers , if that can be done .
for example , where disrupters of a public meeting are themselves behaving unreasonably , and possibly illegally , there should be some sort of obligation to [continue] first against the disrupters rather than the speakers , if that can be done .

In such circumstances , the policeman could perhaps more appropriately proceed under sections 4 or 5 of the Act .
in such circumstances , the policeman could perhaps more appropriately [continue] under sections 4 or 5 of the act .

In contrast , visual word recognition does not proceed by analysing part of the stimulus .
in contrast , visual word recognition does not [continue] by analysing part of the stimulus .

The other is that syntactic analysis might proceed independently of semantic or pragmatic factors , but that the results of this analysis might be ignored because a plausible interpretation is derived using semantic and pragmatic information .
the other is that syntactic analysis might [continue] independently of semantic or pragmatic factors , but that the results of this analysis might be ignored because a plausible interpretation is derived using semantic and pragmatic information .

However , even though the general semantic content of a series of utterances may have been worked out , detailed semantic and syntactic planning still has to proceed .
however , even though the general semantic content of a series of utterances may have been worked out , detailed semantic and syntactic planning still has to [continue] .

The speaker 's ability to plan utterances is not sufficiently good to allow planning and production to co-occur smoothly and without interference ; and so there are periods when production must suffer if planning is to proceed .
the speaker 's ability to plan utterances is not sufficiently good to allow planning and production to co-occur smoothly and without interference ; and so there are periods when production must suffer if planning is to [continue] .

1 ( b ) Proceed with the excavation , leaving marginal shelves as required 23 cm ( 9 in ) wide and 23 cm ( 9 in ) below water level .
1 ( b ) [continue] with the excavation , leaving marginal shelves as required 23 cm ( 9 in ) wide and 23 cm ( 9 in ) below water level .

Social scientists proceed differently from lawyers in explaining why particular decisions are made .
social scientists [continue] differently from lawyers in explaining why particular decisions are made .

The controversy that followed the publication of the Maastricht Treaty highlighted significant differences between and within member states over the extent to which the process of integration should proceed , and over whether the proposed union rather than individual member states should be the principal location for decision-making in the future .
the controversy that followed the publication of the maastricht treaty highlighted significant differences between and within member states over the extent to which the process of integration should [continue] , and over whether the proposed union rather than individual member states should be the principal location for decision-making in the future .

It may help to see how the need for process studies was perceived to exist and then to proceed to indicate in which branches studies were undertaken using what methods as a basis for assessing how our knowledge has increased in spatial terms and in time with reference to catastrophic views .
it may help to see how the need for process studies was perceived to exist and then to [continue] to indicate in which branches studies were undertaken using what methods as a basis for assessing how our knowledge has increased in spatial terms and in time with reference to catastrophic views .

These could be utilized to estimate values for unmeasured situations or for unknown time periods despite the black box nature of this functional approach , and finally there were endeavours to proceed towards a more realist explanation .
these could be utilized to estimate values for unmeasured situations or for unknown time periods despite the black box nature of this functional approach , and finally there were endeavours to [continue] towards a more realist explanation .

To achieve a more three-dimensional model of soil it was necessary to proceed beyond the catena concept that had been introduced into soil studies based on work in East Africa , and development depended upon close relation between soils and the landsurface .
to achieve a more three-dimensional model of soil it was necessary to [continue] beyond the catena concept that had been introduced into soil studies based on work in east africa , and development depended upon close relation between soils and the landsurface .

In an ecosystem , identification of the trophic levels within the feeding hierarchy could be necessary in studies of specific areas which could then proceed to establish ‘ what eats what ’ and therefore how the trophic structure is built up .
in an ecosystem , identification of the trophic levels within the feeding hierarchy could be necessary in studies of specific areas which could then [continue] to establish ‘ what eats what ’ and therefore how the trophic structure is built up .

To proceed towards such a dialogue Chorley ( 1969 ) believed that an integrated body of techniques for physical and human geography and an emphasis upon resources of the physical world such as water could be effected in a volume which ( Chorley and Kates , 1969 , p. 3 ) concentrates :
to [continue] towards such a dialogue chorley ( 1969 ) believed that an integrated body of techniques for physical and human geography and an emphasis upon resources of the physical world such as water could be effected in a volume which ( chorley and kates , 1969 , p. 3 ) concentrates :

Although initially research was often focused upon a single pollen site , the subsequent research was able to proceed towards the regional assessment of past vegetation not only in Britain but also in overseas areas such as the tropical rain forest ( Flenley , 1979 ) .
although initially research was often focused upon a single pollen site , the subsequent research was able to [continue] towards the regional assessment of past vegetation not only in britain but also in overseas areas such as the tropical rain forest ( flenley , 1979 ) .

He uses the background of the economic system as an ecosystem and the city as a dependent system , to proceed to the energy balance , water balance , mass balance geomorphology , biogeography and waste disposal of the city prior to looking at geographical aspects of urban health and disease and at management and planning designed to reduce environmental hazards .
he uses the background of the economic system as an ecosystem and the city as a dependent system , to [continue] to the energy balance , water balance , mass balance geomorphology , biogeography and waste disposal of the city prior to looking at geographical aspects of urban health and disease and at management and planning designed to reduce environmental hazards .

In his view ‘ to be accurate one must say ‘ non-aligned ’ state ' since ‘ both we and the Afghan leadership proceed from the premise that Afghanistan should be a non-aligned state ’ .
in his view ‘ to be accurate one must say ‘ non-aligned ’ state ' since ‘ both we and the afghan leadership [continue] from the premise that afghanistan should be a non-aligned state ’ .

In fact , it would be much better to try to determine by objective , and preferably quantitative description whether distinct and separable groups of landforms exist and then to proceed to define any such in climatic terms .
in fact , it would be much better to try to determine by objective , and preferably quantitative description whether distinct and separable groups of landforms exist and then to [continue] to define any such in climatic terms .

As illustrated in the section on forward planning , neither type of planning can proceed in ignorance of the other .
as illustrated in the section on forward planning , neither type of planning can [continue] in ignorance of the other .

The conclusion must be that monitoring and review should proceed alongside other quality control exercises which are more pragmatic , which introduce a wider range of data , and which are capable of addressing the question of optimality as well as the question of adequacy .
the conclusion must be that monitoring and review should [continue] alongside other quality control exercises which are more pragmatic , which introduce a wider range of data , and which are capable of addressing the question of optimality as well as the question of adequacy .

In science it is impossible to proceed by listing all relevant facts , then locating an appropriate theory , because the list of facts is usually unmanageably long .
in science it is impossible to [continue] by listing all relevant facts , then locating an appropriate theory , because the list of facts is usually unmanageably long .

Instead scientists proceed iteratively , arriving at an alternative theory set on the basis of a restricted fact base , and then generating facts which are maximally likely to discriminate between theories .
instead scientists [continue] iteratively , arriving at an alternative theory set on the basis of a restricted fact base , and then generating facts which are maximally likely to discriminate between theories .

The higher order of passenger was able to arrive at the station shortly before the departure of the train and proceed directly to accommodation on it .
the higher order of passenger was able to arrive at the station shortly before the departure of the train and [continue] directly to accommodation on it .

For them , negotiation , in the form of bargaining , can proceed more effectively through a process of bluff and ambush , which is inimical to the demands of justice .
for them , negotiation , in the form of bargaining , can [continue] more effectively through a process of bluff and ambush , which is inimical to the demands of justice .

The case will then proceed to pre-trial review .
the case will then [continue] to pre-trial review .

The case will now proceed to pre-trial review .
the case will now [continue] to pre-trial review .

Thus , this paper is adopting explicitly a particular position along the spectrum of views currently being expressed about comprehensive , multidisciplinary assessment of older people , and , as well as proposing a model for practice , is also an attempt to stimulate amongst professionals and managers a debate , which is now urgent , about how the development of assessment and care management systems should proceed .
thus , this paper is adopting explicitly a particular position along the spectrum of views currently being expressed about comprehensive , multidisciplinary assessment of older people , and , as well as proposing a model for practice , is also an attempt to stimulate amongst professionals and managers a debate , which is now urgent , about how the development of assessment and care management systems should [continue] .

Firstly , as local authorities proceed with the development of systems and procedures for comprehensive , multidisciplinary assessments , there is evidence of considerable variation in the definitions of purpose , scope , and content of assessment .
firstly , as local authorities [continue] with the development of systems and procedures for comprehensive , multidisciplinary assessments , there is evidence of considerable variation in the definitions of purpose , scope , and content of assessment .

It must proceed according to a set of obstacles , a set of rules , that is , through a ‘ process of selection and combination of language ’ , which itself is more bound than mobile in language 's articulated and differential nature .
it must [continue] according to a set of obstacles , a set of rules , that is , through a ‘ process of selection and combination of language ’ , which itself is more bound than mobile in language 's articulated and differential nature .

Coleman was to proceed to Israel , cross into Lebanon , escorted by the Israeli-backed South Lebanese Army , and from there drive to Baabda under the protection of pro-Aoun elements in the Druze faction .
coleman was to [continue] to israel , cross into lebanon , escorted by the israeli-backed south lebanese army , and from there drive to baabda under the protection of pro-aoun elements in the druze faction .

‘ Cleo , ’ Lorimer interrupted , ‘ perhaps it would be better to proceed more delicately . ’
‘ cleo , ’ lorimer interrupted , ‘ perhaps it would be better to [continue] more delicately . ’

Sir Matthew Hale was to ensure , however , that the law did not proceed in this direction .
sir matthew hale was to ensure , however , that the law did not [continue] in this direction .

but had somehow formed the impression that the police would be able to proceed without any further input from them .
but had somehow formed the impression that the police would be able to [continue] without any further input from them .

Proceed past the mill and another tunnel will be visible .
[continue] past the mill and another tunnel will be visible .

As far as the Department 's new responsibilities for the purchase of residential and nursing home care are concerned , we are mindful of the need to proceed cautiously .
as far as the department 's new responsibilities for the purchase of residential and nursing home care are concerned , we are mindful of the need to [continue] cautiously .

Since formal application for the erection of suitable fencing would only result in further delay it was decided to proceed on our own .
since formal application for the erection of suitable fencing would only result in further delay it was decided to [continue] on our own .

It is obviously difficult to predict exactly how the study will proceed .
it is obviously difficult to predict exactly how the study will [continue] .

It is obviously difficult to predict exactly how the study will proceed .
it is obviously difficult to predict exactly how the study will [continue] .

Before we proceed with the political career of Dr. Williams , a brief history of national affirmation in Trinidad : 1914–1948 .
before we [continue] with the political career of dr. williams , a brief history of national affirmation in trinidad : 1914–1948 .

When the Campaign for the Protection of Rural Wales , and the Gwent and Brecknock Wildlife Trusts met council officers and their advisers they asked for an assurance the council would proceed with the bill ( 2 ) .
when the campaign for the protection of rural wales , and the gwent and brecknock wildlife trusts met council officers and their advisers they asked for an assurance the council would [continue] with the bill ( 2 ) .

It is not envisaged that specific new resources will be identified to enable Local Plan work to proceed at any meaningful level ( either through in house preparation or the engagement of consultant services ) .
it is not envisaged that specific new resources will be identified to enable local plan work to [continue] at any meaningful level ( either through in house preparation or the engagement of consultant services ) .

‘ It is our intention to provide a full opportunity for organisations such as your own to contribute at an early draft plan stage before we proceed to the more formal statutory plan stage . ’
‘ it is our intention to provide a full opportunity for organisations such as your own to contribute at an early draft plan stage before we [continue] to the more formal statutory plan stage . ’

Development costs must be reduced — we simply can not proceed with marginal projects , and must select the projects which offer the greatest return .
development costs must be reduced — we simply can not [continue] with marginal projects , and must select the projects which offer the greatest return .

When at this point the outraged proprietor himself arrived on the scene , seized a pickaxe from a workman and defied the party to proceed , using very much improper language , the sheriff had second thoughts and counselled withdrawal .
when at this point the outraged proprietor himself arrived on the scene , seized a pickaxe from a workman and defied the party to [continue] , using very much improper language , the sheriff had second thoughts and counselled withdrawal .

We proceed , therefore , to a brief survey of the relevant aspects of resonator theory { 24,34 } .
we [continue] , therefore , to a brief survey of the relevant aspects of resonator theory { 24,34 } .

How else , then , might we proceed ?
how else , then , might we [continue] ?

But if we proceed to draw the line , where exactly will it fall ?
but if we [continue] to draw the line , where exactly will it fall ?

The proposals were relatively brief and only suggestive of how future work might proceed .
the proposals were relatively brief and only suggestive of how future work might [continue] .

Rather , in most ordinary kinds of talk these principles are oriented to , such that when talk does not proceed according to their specifications , hearers assume that , contrary to appearances , the principles are nevertheless being adhered to at some deeper level .
rather , in most ordinary kinds of talk these principles are oriented to , such that when talk does not [continue] according to their specifications , hearers assume that , contrary to appearances , the principles are nevertheless being adhered to at some deeper level .

The other option was to proceed with the reading , trying , with more and more effort , to find a resolution .
the other option was to [continue] with the reading , trying , with more and more effort , to find a resolution .

For this reason , by far the majority of takeovers proceed by way of a takeover offer .
for this reason , by far the majority of takeovers [continue] by way of a takeover offer .

( 1 ) An announcement of the bidder 's firm intention to proceed with the proposed takeover as required by Rule 2.5 of the City Code ( see para 6.3.6 below ) .
( 1 ) an announcement of the bidder 's firm intention to [continue] with the proposed takeover as required by rule 2.5 of the city code ( see para 6.3.6 below ) .

Initially , there will be detailed negotiations between the bidder and the target and their respective advisers on the terms of the takeover and , if appropriate , the decision to proceed by way of a scheme of arrangement .
initially , there will be detailed negotiations between the bidder and the target and their respective advisers on the terms of the takeover and , if appropriate , the decision to [continue] by way of a scheme of arrangement .

If the offeror wishes to make a recommended bid , then the negotiations over price are likely to proceed in the same way as for any other business acquisition .
if the offeror wishes to make a recommended bid , then the negotiations over price are likely to [continue] in the same way as for any other business acquisition .

There are a number of matters which it will need to take into account : ( 1 ) The offeror must consider whether to proceed by way of a takeover offer or a Court Scheme .
there are a number of matters which it will need to take into account : ( 1 ) the offeror must consider whether to [continue] by way of a takeover offer or a court scheme .

After an announcement of a firm intention to make an offer has been made the offeror must , except with the consent of the Panel , proceed with the posting of the offer document ( which must occur within 28 days ) unless the posting is subject to a specific pre-condition which has not been satisfied ( Rules 2.7 and 30.1 ) . There are three let outs from this obligation :
after an announcement of a firm intention to make an offer has been made the offeror must , except with the consent of the panel , [continue] with the posting of the offer document ( which must occur within 28 days ) unless the posting is subject to a specific pre-condition which has not been satisfied ( rules 2.7 and 30.1 ) . there are three let outs from this obligation :

( a ) where there has been a change in circumstances of an exceptional and specific nature ( but a change in general economic , industrial or political circumstances will not justify failure to proceed with an announced offer ) ;
( a ) where there has been a change in circumstances of an exceptional and specific nature ( but a change in general economic , industrial or political circumstances will not justify failure to [continue] with an announced offer ) ;

2.2 Subject to all Landlord 's Approvals being obtained and continuing in force the Landlord shall at [ its ] own expense immediately proceed diligently to carry out the Works :
2.2 subject to all landlord 's approvals being obtained and continuing in force the landlord shall at [ its ] own expense immediately [continue] diligently to carry out the works :

2.2 Subject to all Landlord 's Approvals and all other consents being obtained ( which the Landlord shall forthwith apply for and obtain with all due expedition ) and continuing in force ( which continuation in force the Landlord shall use its best endeavours to ensure is maintained ) the Landlord shall entirely at its own expense in all respects immediately proceed diligently to carry out and complete the Works :
2.2 subject to all landlord 's approvals and all other consents being obtained ( which the landlord shall forthwith apply for and obtain with all due expedition ) and continuing in force ( which continuation in force the landlord shall use its best endeavours to ensure is maintained ) the landlord shall entirely at its own expense in all respects immediately [continue] diligently to carry out and complete the works :

Those in favour of its retention state first that both parties are aware of the rules at the outset and second that , while a landlord has an absolute discretion whether or not to proceed with the grant of a lease to an original tenant , its discretion is diminished in the case of an assignee where its refusal to grant a licence to assign may be contested by the tenant , with subsequent expensive court proceedings .
those in favour of its retention state first that both parties are aware of the rules at the outset and second that , while a landlord has an absolute discretion whether or not to [continue] with the grant of a lease to an original tenant , its discretion is diminished in the case of an assignee where its refusal to grant a licence to assign may be contested by the tenant , with subsequent expensive court proceedings .

The details on how the transaction should proceed are set out in the text , and these deal with the situation from the moment new instructions are given : the ticking of the relevant boxes on the " fixtures , fittings and contents " form and " property information " form ; dealing with any additional enquiries ; signing the contract in readiness for exchange of contracts ; proceeding to sign the transfer in order to conclude the transaction , and redeeming any outstanding mortgage .
the details on how the transaction should [continue] are set out in the text , and these deal with the situation from the moment new instructions are given : the ticking of the relevant boxes on the " fixtures , fittings and contents " form and " property information " form ; dealing with any additional enquiries ; signing the contract in readiness for exchange of contracts ; proceeding to sign the transfer in order to conclude the transaction , and redeeming any outstanding mortgage .

( i ) Related purchase Most transactions proceed side by side , and in such a case , it is important to treat them quite separately , using separate instruction sheets , separate files , etc .
( i ) related purchase most transactions [continue] side by side , and in such a case , it is important to treat them quite separately , using separate instruction sheets , separate files , etc .

Sometimes , a client will be prepared to proceed with the purchase on the basis of bridging finance .
sometimes , a client will be prepared to [continue] with the purchase on the basis of bridging finance .

There are , of course , one or two insurance companies who offer an insurance scheme that avoids the need to make the payment of any deposit , but that , upon payment of a premium , provides a guarantee to the seller 's conveyancer that should the transaction not proceed , then the appropriate 10 % will be made available in the course of forfeiture becoming a legal possibility under the terms of the contract .
there are , of course , one or two insurance companies who offer an insurance scheme that avoids the need to make the payment of any deposit , but that , upon payment of a premium , provides a guarantee to the seller 's conveyancer that should the transaction not [continue] , then the appropriate 10 % will be made available in the course of forfeiture becoming a legal possibility under the terms of the contract .

When the buyer 's conveyancer receives a local authority search result and a loan offer , and a satisfactory survey report , he or she will proceed to approve the contract , and subject to any related transaction , move towards exchange of contracts .
when the buyer 's conveyancer receives a local authority search result and a loan offer , and a satisfactory survey report , he or she will [continue] to approve the contract , and subject to any related transaction , move towards exchange of contracts .

You can never entirely eliminate human error and oversight , but this gimmick of marking replies to searches , etc , minimises the possibility of your forgetting to pass on to your client vital information that might give time to consider whether or not to proceed with the purchase , such as the fact that redevelopment of the area within the next ten years is contemplated .
you can never entirely eliminate human error and oversight , but this gimmick of marking replies to searches , etc , minimises the possibility of your forgetting to pass on to your client vital information that might give time to consider whether or not to [continue] with the purchase , such as the fact that redevelopment of the area within the next ten years is contemplated .

Whether title is dealt with before or after exchange of contracts , the procedure for investigating title is exactly the same , and the conveyancer is recommended to proceed with the utmost caution , even in these modern commercial times .
whether title is dealt with before or after exchange of contracts , the procedure for investigating title is exactly the same , and the conveyancer is recommended to [continue] with the utmost caution , even in these modern commercial times .

As mentioned earlier in the text , it is important to proceed with caution when acting for joint buyers .
as mentioned earlier in the text , it is important to [continue] with caution when acting for joint buyers .

If despite your gloomy forebodings your client nevertheless instructs you to proceed , confirm your advice and his instructions by letter , and advise your client 's mortgagees , if you act for them , or if not , advise their solicitors of the provision and do n't agree the draft until you know that the term is acceptable to them , too .
if despite your gloomy forebodings your client nevertheless instructs you to [continue] , confirm your advice and his instructions by letter , and advise your client 's mortgagees , if you act for them , or if not , advise their solicitors of the provision and do n't agree the draft until you know that the term is acceptable to them , too .

The client should be advised of this , and at the same time that it is an undesirable feature of a leasehold estate : then it 's for the client to decide whether to proceed .
the client should be advised of this , and at the same time that it is an undesirable feature of a leasehold estate : then it 's for the client to decide whether to [continue] .

As soon as you 've completed your pre-completion agenda you should proceed to prepare all the documents listed under head 2 above .
as soon as you 've completed your pre-completion agenda you should [continue] to prepare all the documents listed under head 2 above .

Money is at the hub of every transaction , and you must proceed with the utmost care and skill when dealing with it .
money is at the hub of every transaction , and you must [continue] with the utmost care and skill when dealing with it .

Any facts that might affect the customer 's decision whether or not to proceed must be disclosed .
any facts that might affect the customer 's decision whether or not to [continue] must be disclosed .

The onus of proving that sufficient disclosure was made rests on the firm and it is not a defence to show that a legal or financial impediment on the part of the customer would have prevented him from proceeding with the relevant transaction , or that disclosure would not have affected the customer 's decision whether or not to proceed .
the onus of proving that sufficient disclosure was made rests on the firm and it is not a defence to show that a legal or financial impediment on the part of the customer would have prevented him from proceeding with the relevant transaction , or that disclosure would not have affected the customer 's decision whether or not to [continue] .

Finally , it should be noted that disclosure of the fact that the broker is acting as principal may not on its own suffice if there exist any other material matters which could affect the customer 's decision whether or not to proceed with the transaction .
finally , it should be noted that disclosure of the fact that the broker is acting as principal may not on its own suffice if there exist any other material matters which could affect the customer 's decision whether or not to [continue] with the transaction .

This principle now has statutory approval in s1 ( 2 ) and it is unlikely that courts will agree to adjourn care proceedings unless there are particularly compelling arguments for allowing the criminal trial to proceed first .
this principle now has statutory approval in s1 ( 2 ) and it is unlikely that courts will agree to adjourn care proceedings unless there are particularly compelling arguments for allowing the criminal trial to [continue] first .

It does no harm at all to have a specialist brochure dealing with personal injury work , addressing the common questions which clients ask about Legal Aid , recovery of costs , length of time the case is likely to take to proceed and the great unknown for the public , what constitutes damages .
it does no harm at all to have a specialist brochure dealing with personal injury work , addressing the common questions which clients ask about legal aid , recovery of costs , length of time the case is likely to take to [continue] and the great unknown for the public , what constitutes damages .

It is vital that these needs and emotions should be acknowledged and that the solicitor should accept that professional responsibility stretches beyond the immediate legal issues of the claim , and includes a duty to proceed in a way that is comprehensible to the client and consistent with their wider needs .
it is vital that these needs and emotions should be acknowledged and that the solicitor should accept that professional responsibility stretches beyond the immediate legal issues of the claim , and includes a duty to [continue] in a way that is comprehensible to the client and consistent with their wider needs .

If all else fails , remember there is a longer limitation period for non-personal injury losses and that that part of the claim can proceed in any event .
if all else fails , remember there is a longer limitation period for non-personal injury losses and that that part of the claim can [continue] in any event .

If the client can not afford it then the sensible way to proceed would be to continue to press the insurers to form a view on liability .
if the client can not afford it then the sensible way to [continue] would be to continue to press the insurers to form a view on liability .

He could then proceed as before to argue from that intermediate proposition to some concrete conclusion about snail darters .
he could then [continue] as before to argue from that intermediate proposition to some concrete conclusion about snail darters .

We might proceed in the following way .
we might [continue] in the following way .

We suppose that the corporation must itself be treated as a moral agent , and then we proceed by applying facsimiles of our principles about individual fault and responsibility to it .
we suppose that the corporation must itself be treated as a moral agent , and then we [continue] by applying facsimiles of our principles about individual fault and responsibility to it .

So far as a transfer to the wife coupled with a deferred charge in favour of the husband is concerned , this should proceed by way of a conveyance/transfer ( see Chapters 3 and 4 ) followed by a separate charge ( see Precedent 62 ) .
so far as a transfer to the wife coupled with a deferred charge in favour of the husband is concerned , this should [continue] by way of a conveyance/transfer ( see chapters 3 and 4 ) followed by a separate charge ( see precedent 62 ) .

The business of today must be ; clean up the mess , stop any further deterioration , consider that options and make a plan by which to proceed with the reconstruction .
the business of today must be ; clean up the mess , stop any further deterioration , consider that options and make a plan by which to [continue] with the reconstruction .

It is clear that under a system of well-conceived planning the resolution of competing claims and the allocation of land for the various requirements must proceed on the basis of selecting the most suitable land for the particular purpose , irrespective of the existing values which may attach to the individual parcels of land . Uthwatt Report 1942
it is clear that under a system of well-conceived planning the resolution of competing claims and the allocation of land for the various requirements must [continue] on the basis of selecting the most suitable land for the particular purpose , irrespective of the existing values which may attach to the individual parcels of land . uthwatt report 1942

Under an agreement with the secretary of state , the Church Commissioners do not proceed with the demolition of a listed redundant church or an unlisted one in a conservation area without providing the opportunity for the secretary of state to hold a non-statutory public inquiry .
under an agreement with the secretary of state , the church commissioners do not [continue] with the demolition of a listed redundant church or an unlisted one in a conservation area without providing the opportunity for the secretary of state to hold a non-statutory public inquiry .

62 of the 266 were , it is true , listed buildings , but in only three of these cases did demolition proceed against the wish of the local planning authority ; and in none of those cases did the Advisory Board object .
62 of the 266 were , it is true , listed buildings , but in only three of these cases did demolition [continue] against the wish of the local planning authority ; and in none of those cases did the advisory board object .

The traditional approach , essential before the days of high-powered computers , was to proceed algebraically as far as possible and resort to numerical integration only when there was no alternative ; the Blasius profile integration again provides an example .
the traditional approach , essential before the days of high-powered computers , was to [continue] algebraically as far as possible and resort to numerical integration only when there was no alternative ; the blasius profile integration again provides an example .

Before Cabinet on Thursday … At ministerial level … proceed with some urgency … ’ And all the while my mind is thinking how beside the point all this talk of happiness is .
before cabinet on thursday … at ministerial level … [continue] with some urgency … ’ and all the while my mind is thinking how beside the point all this talk of happiness is .

From that premiss we proceed to the theory that , in certain respects , and especially in matters relating to accuracy of tuning and ensemble , these performances represent a particularly convincing postulate about the performing priorities of the original singers .
from that premiss we [continue] to the theory that , in certain respects , and especially in matters relating to accuracy of tuning and ensemble , these performances represent a particularly convincing postulate about the performing priorities of the original singers .

As long as the social scientist has adequate documentation on the data , the entities recorded , the variables covered and their possible values , he or she can proceed with analysis ( Marker , Reinke and Schürer 1987 ) .
as long as the social scientist has adequate documentation on the data , the entities recorded , the variables covered and their possible values , he or she can [continue] with analysis ( marker , reinke and schürer 1987 ) .

Squirrels proceed by fits of undulation .
squirrels [continue] by fits of undulation .

Where a plaintiff or defendant dies and the cause of action survives but no person is substituted for the deceased under Ord 5 , r 7 , the defendant ( or his personal representatives ) may apply for an order directing the plaintiff ( or other person entitled ) to proceed within such time as may be ordered , and in default , the action may be struck out ( Ord 5 , r 12 ) .
where a plaintiff or defendant dies and the cause of action survives but no person is substituted for the deceased under ord 5 , r 7 , the defendant ( or his personal representatives ) may apply for an order directing the plaintiff ( or other person entitled ) to [continue] within such time as may be ordered , and in default , the action may be struck out ( ord 5 , r 12 ) .

In such cases the district judge may on application or on his own motion rescind the reference if satisfied that : ( 1 ) a difficult question of law or a question of fact and exceptional complexity is involved ; or ( 2 ) a charge of fraud is in issue ; or ( 3 ) the parties are agreed that the dispute should be tried in open court ; or ( 4 ) it would be unreasonable for the claim to proceed to arbitration having regard to ( a ) its subject matter , ( for example that an injunction is also claimed — an injunction can not , so it seems , be granted on the hearing of an arbitration ) , ( b ) or the size of any counterclaim , ( c ) the circumstances of the parties , or ( d ) the interests of any other person likely to be affected by the award ( Ord 19 , r 2(4) ) .
in such cases the district judge may on application or on his own motion rescind the reference if satisfied that : ( 1 ) a difficult question of law or a question of fact and exceptional complexity is involved ; or ( 2 ) a charge of fraud is in issue ; or ( 3 ) the parties are agreed that the dispute should be tried in open court ; or ( 4 ) it would be unreasonable for the claim to [continue] to arbitration having regard to ( a ) its subject matter , ( for example that an injunction is also claimed — an injunction can not , so it seems , be granted on the hearing of an arbitration ) , ( b ) or the size of any counterclaim , ( c ) the circumstances of the parties , or ( d ) the interests of any other person likely to be affected by the award ( ord 19 , r 2(4) ) .

If the plaintiff does not appear on the return day , or does not attend by an admissible affidavit , the proceedings may be struck out or , if the defendant appears , the court may proceed in the plaintiff 's absence .
if the plaintiff does not appear on the return day , or does not attend by an admissible affidavit , the proceedings may be struck out or , if the defendant appears , the court may [continue] in the plaintiff 's absence .

The court may in such circumstances give an early hearing or order execution to proceed notwithstanding the application ( Moore v Registrar of Lambeth County Court , above ) .
the court may in such circumstances give an early hearing or order execution to [continue] notwithstanding the application ( moore v registrar of lambeth county court , above ) .

The court has a discretion under s33 to override the s11 or s12 limitation periods if it would be equitable to allow an action to proceed having regard to the prejudice to the plaintiff of applying the s11 or s12 periods against the prejudice to the defendant of not doing so .
the court has a discretion under s33 to override the s11 or s12 limitation periods if it would be equitable to allow an action to [continue] having regard to the prejudice to the plaintiff of applying the s11 or s12 periods against the prejudice to the defendant of not doing so .

Paragraphs ( a ) and ( b ) deal with matters affecting the extent to which the plaintiff and the defendant will be prejudiced according to whether or not the action is allowed to proceed .
paragraphs ( a ) and ( b ) deal with matters affecting the extent to which the plaintiff and the defendant will be prejudiced according to whether or not the action is allowed to [continue] .

Where the parties have a continuing relationship based on a large volume of business under regular orders the most efficient way to proceed is to enter into a framework agreement which regulates the mechanism for placing orders and decides in advance the terms and conditions which will govern each order .
where the parties have a continuing relationship based on a large volume of business under regular orders the most efficient way to [continue] is to enter into a framework agreement which regulates the mechanism for placing orders and decides in advance the terms and conditions which will govern each order .

Breach of the provisions of the Act involves the commission of an offence punishable by fine and may even in certain circumstances disqualify the firm from bringing proceedings to enforce its contractual rights — where by reason of the breach the defendant is unable to pursue his own claims against the firm or has otherwise suffered financial loss and the court does not consider that justice and equity require that the firm 's action should be allowed to proceed .
breach of the provisions of the act involves the commission of an offence punishable by fine and may even in certain circumstances disqualify the firm from bringing proceedings to enforce its contractual rights — where by reason of the breach the defendant is unable to pursue his own claims against the firm or has otherwise suffered financial loss and the court does not consider that justice and equity require that the firm 's action should be allowed to [continue] .

The circumstances of a particular case may oblige the partners as a matter of good faith to proceed first by way of warning as to future conduct or to offer a personal hearing to the offending partner , but few general rules can be laid down in this respect .
the circumstances of a particular case may oblige the partners as a matter of good faith to [continue] first by way of warning as to future conduct or to offer a personal hearing to the offending partner , but few general rules can be laid down in this respect .

Commercial agreements sometimes say that the opinion of a Queen 's Counsel will determine whether and if so how a claim should proceed .
commercial agreements sometimes say that the opinion of a queen 's counsel will determine whether and if so how a claim should [continue] .

Without that provision , either the appointing authority will have to be persuaded to act and the other party persuaded to drop its objections , or an application would have to be made to the court for a declaration as to whether the reference should proceed .
without that provision , either the appointing authority will have to be persuaded to act and the other party persuaded to drop its objections , or an application would have to be made to the court for a declaration as to whether the reference should [continue] .

He did not proceed on the footing that he was obliged to have their submissions .
he did not [continue] on the footing that he was obliged to have their submissions .

In that way the determination of the lease and of the tenant 's rights under the 1954 Act can proceed in tandem .
in that way the determination of the lease and of the tenant 's rights under the 1954 act can [continue] in tandem .

Comparables will be fairly easy to find and the determination will be able to proceed quickly .
comparables will be fairly easy to find and the determination will be able to [continue] quickly .

Alternatively , if the target is a company which is not listed , or is not part of a listed group , then it is likely that the shareholders will be limited in number , accessible and able to agree to proceed .
alternatively , if the target is a company which is not listed , or is not part of a listed group , then it is likely that the shareholders will be limited in number , accessible and able to agree to [continue] .

Accountants , merchant bankers and some lawyers may agree to a success-related fee which would take into account the risk that the transaction may not proceed .
accountants , merchant bankers and some lawyers may agree to a success-related fee which would take into account the risk that the transaction may not [continue] .

Because of the cost involved , it is rare for an investor to instruct its accountants or lawyers actually to proceed with this exercise until the main terms of the acquisition and investment have been agreed and the offer letter signed .
because of the cost involved , it is rare for an investor to instruct its accountants or lawyers actually to [continue] with this exercise until the main terms of the acquisition and investment have been agreed and the offer letter signed .

Since the vendor may choose not to proceed after the due diligence report has been finalised , the prospective purchaser 's advisers may argue that the investigation should not begin until after contracts have been exchanged .
since the vendor may choose not to [continue] after the due diligence report has been finalised , the prospective purchaser 's advisers may argue that the investigation should not begin until after contracts have been exchanged .

If the transaction is not likely to proceed , much of the advisers ' expensive time may be lost and unnecessary costs incurred .
if the transaction is not likely to [continue] , much of the advisers ' expensive time may be lost and unnecessary costs incurred .

The usual answer to this is to advise the managers to subscribe their shares as early as possible in the arrangements preceding the buy-out , so it can be demonstrated that , at the time they subscribe , there is no commitment from the institutions to invest , and therefore no certainty that the buy-out will proceed .
the usual answer to this is to advise the managers to subscribe their shares as early as possible in the arrangements preceding the buy-out , so it can be demonstrated that , at the time they subscribe , there is no commitment from the institutions to invest , and therefore no certainty that the buy-out will [continue] .

It is normal in a sale and purchase agreement to exclude liability for representations made in pre-contractual negotiations , but this is unlikely to be acceptable in the investment agreement as investors will have relied heavily on input from management before agreeing to proceed .
it is normal in a sale and purchase agreement to exclude liability for representations made in pre-contractual negotiations , but this is unlikely to be acceptable in the investment agreement as investors will have relied heavily on input from management before agreeing to [continue] .

The Czechoslovak government has decided to proceed with the controversial Gabcikovo hydro-electric dam project on the Danube .
the czechoslovak government has decided to [continue] with the controversial gabcikovo hydro-electric dam project on the danube .

The long-running controversy over Czechoslovak plans to proceed with the Gabcikovo dam project on the River Danube [ see EDs passim ] continues , ahead of talks between Hungary and the Czechoslovak federal government .
the long-running controversy over czechoslovak plans to [continue] with the gabcikovo dam project on the river danube [ see eds passim ] continues , ahead of talks between hungary and the czechoslovak federal government .

Environmentalists in Czechoslovakia are becoming increasingly critical of their government 's decision to proceed unilaterally with the project .
environmentalists in czechoslovakia are becoming increasingly critical of their government 's decision to [continue] unilaterally with the project .

The decision , made on economic grounds , puts in doubt plans by the Hydro-Quebec company to proceed with the construction work .
the decision , made on economic grounds , puts in doubt plans by the hydro-quebec company to [continue] with the construction work .

Announcing the government 's decision , Indian Ministers insisted that it was solely related to their wish to proceed without outside interference , and claimed that the project would go ahead , and would meet or exceed the standards set by the Bank .
announcing the government 's decision , indian ministers insisted that it was solely related to their wish to [continue] without outside interference , and claimed that the project would go ahead , and would meet or exceed the standards set by the bank .

They questioned whether the project would now be able to proceed .
they questioned whether the project would now be able to [continue] .

Swedish Prime Minister Carl Bildt said he expected the project to proceed , but did not say whether the government would take the unprecedented step of overriding the commission ; environmentalists have pressed for a tunnel to be built instead .
swedish prime minister carl bildt said he expected the project to [continue] , but did not say whether the government would take the unprecedented step of overriding the commission ; environmentalists have pressed for a tunnel to be built instead .

Thereafter , only a minority proceed to institutions of further education and but a small percentage enter university .
thereafter , only a minority [continue] to institutions of further education and but a small percentage enter university .

From school , a small proportion proceed to institutions of further and higher education .
from school , a small proportion [continue] to institutions of further and higher education .

The events that followed have been chronicled by several of those that took part , My fate was similar : we were to listen out for a coded signal from Group at Lyon if we were to proceed to the target .
the events that followed have been chronicled by several of those that took part , my fate was similar : we were to listen out for a coded signal from group at lyon if we were to [continue] to the target .

Conservatives proceed as though the past relation between women and men has been satisfactory , as though no one has been wounded by it .
conservatives [continue] as though the past relation between women and men has been satisfactory , as though no one has been wounded by it .

If he does not arrive the action can not proceed .
if he does not arrive the action can not [continue] .

We 'll have a regular Simla evening , `` declared the Colonel , and for this nostalgic excursion he chose to dine in a private room at Kettner 's , which still exists to-day , in Romilly Street , Soho ; after dinner they were to proceed to a box at the Palace Theatre , return to Kettner 's , where they arranged to leave their dominos , and thence to a masked ball at Covent Garden .
we 'll have a regular simla evening , `` declared the colonel , and for this nostalgic excursion he chose to dine in a private room at kettner 's , which still exists to-day , in romilly street , soho ; after dinner they were to [continue] to a box at the palace theatre , return to kettner 's , where they arranged to leave their dominos , and thence to a masked ball at covent garden .

The warmer they are , the quicker the energy-producing chemical reactions of their body can proceed and the more active they can be .
the warmer they are , the quicker the energy-producing chemical reactions of their body can [continue] and the more active they can be .

He tried fitfully to proceed with a short prose book on the nature of culture which he had been contemplating for some time , but by the end of 1942 had produced only a first draft of two chapters : this must be the source of the four essays which appeared in the New English Weekly during January and February 1943 under the title , `` Notes toward a Definition of Culture `` .
he tried fitfully to [continue] with a short prose book on the nature of culture which he had been contemplating for some time , but by the end of 1942 had produced only a first draft of two chapters : this must be the source of the four essays which appeared in the new english weekly during january and february 1943 under the title , `` notes toward a definition of culture `` .

Those assembled were unanimous that the King could not be allowed to proceed as he was doing .
those assembled were unanimous that the king could not be allowed to [continue] as he was doing .

Having thus identified the right way to do the job and explained why it was not practically possible for Owen to adopt it , they then proceed to attack the substance of his proposal .
having thus identified the right way to do the job and explained why it was not practically possible for owen to adopt it , they then [continue] to attack the substance of his proposal .

For those pupils wishing to proceed to University , two Exhibitions of £50 each were instituted in 1837 .
for those pupils wishing to [continue] to university , two exhibitions of £50 each were instituted in 1837 .

As one respected Republican leader put it , `` McCarthy should keep talking and if one case does not work out he should proceed with another . ``
as one respected republican leader put it , `` mccarthy should keep talking and if one case does not work out he should [continue] with another . ``

The southern tip of Greenland , known as Prince Christian , was to be used as a decision point where it would be decided whether enough fuel remained to proceed to Goose Bay or whether it would be necessary to proceed to the alternate .
the southern tip of greenland , known as prince christian , was to be used as a decision point where it would be decided whether enough fuel remained to [continue] to goose bay or whether it would be necessary to [continue] to the alternate .

We might proceed in this way , but a different approach is simpler .
we might [continue] in this way , but a different approach is simpler .

If we now proceed to the process of back-substitution , this is in effect operating again with rows , and all it does is to compete the process which was done continuously in the pivotal condensation of 2.2.1 .
if we now [continue] to the process of back-substitution , this is in effect operating again with rows , and all it does is to compete the process which was done continuously in the pivotal condensation of 2.2.1 .

How do we proceed to find optimum values of the coefficients ?
how do we [continue] to find optimum values of the coefficients ?

Suppose we expect the relation ( 1 ) to be and suppose further that we have the following experimental table : Then in view of ( 5 ) our equations for solutions may be written Before we proceed to the least squares solution , let us see what results would be obtained if we solved these equations three at a time , with e taken to be zero for each set of three .
suppose we expect the relation ( 1 ) to be and suppose further that we have the following experimental table : then in view of ( 5 ) our equations for solutions may be written before we [continue] to the least squares solution , let us see what results would be obtained if we solved these equations three at a time , with e taken to be zero for each set of three .

We now proceed to find the auxiliary vectors .
we now [continue] to find the auxiliary vectors .

Children 's reading tastes are unformed , their use of book reviews slight , and their requests are likely to be limited … The librarian must gather together , lovingly and with care , the best imaginative literature and factual material that is available and then proceed to get it used .
children 's reading tastes are unformed , their use of book reviews slight , and their requests are likely to be limited … the librarian must gather together , lovingly and with care , the best imaginative literature and factual material that is available and then [continue] to get it used .

But the teacher can not sit in splendid and comfortable isolation in staff room or on classroom dais while his pupils are busily engrossed in resource-based exercises ; he is involved at every point in the process , from the preliminary planning and assembly of available materials , the creation of additional resources and linking items , the initial presentation and motivation sessions , the follow-up work as the pupils proceed , and the eventual summing up and validation at the end .
but the teacher can not sit in splendid and comfortable isolation in staff room or on classroom dais while his pupils are busily engrossed in resource-based exercises ; he is involved at every point in the process , from the preliminary planning and assembly of available materials , the creation of additional resources and linking items , the initial presentation and motivation sessions , the follow-up work as the pupils [continue] , and the eventual summing up and validation at the end .

3 It hopes to allow , and induce , students to work at the pace best suited to them as individuals , rather than having to proceed at the standard class rate .
3 it hopes to allow , and induce , students to work at the pace best suited to them as individuals , rather than having to [continue] at the standard class rate .

The identification of particular units and requirements can proceed , and will probably include the following elements ( not necessarily in this order ) :
the identification of particular units and requirements can [continue] , and will probably include the following elements ( not necessarily in this order ) :

No long experience of membership of a constituency party is necessary to enable one to guess that the selection of Irish candidates does not always proceed smoothly .
no long experience of membership of a constituency party is necessary to enable one to guess that the selection of irish candidates does not always [continue] smoothly .

The cricket section , despite being joint owners , have been advised that it seems likely that if one of the owner clubs should decide to sell they could well proceed unilaterally .
the cricket section , despite being joint owners , have been advised that it seems likely that if one of the owner clubs should decide to sell they could well [continue] unilaterally .

Also it is strange that an action which is an abuse of court process can be allowed to proceed simply because no party to the action objects .
also it is strange that an action which is an abuse of court process can be allowed to [continue] simply because no party to the action objects .

If the court decided that the case should go ahead , it would then have to decide by which procedural track it should proceed .
if the court decided that the case should go ahead , it would then have to decide by which procedural track it should [continue] .

Though few proceed so far as Grant Gilmore in awarding a death certificate to the classical law of contract , as exceptions to the rules multiply , most writers at least acknowledge that novel principles destroy the crispness and generality of such doctrines as consideration and privity .
though few [continue] so far as grant gilmore in awarding a death certificate to the classical law of contract , as exceptions to the rules multiply , most writers at least acknowledge that novel principles destroy the crispness and generality of such doctrines as consideration and privity .

Given that we have no privileged access to the minds of others we must proceed on some hypothesis about mental events or mental states .
given that we have no privileged access to the minds of others we must [continue] on some hypothesis about mental events or mental states .

You will be offered alternative travel routing or timings or alternative hotel and you have the option ( a ) to proceed with these revised arrangements or ( b ) cancel the holiday and receive a full refund if your holiday has not yet begun and in either event receive compensation as above .
you will be offered alternative travel routing or timings or alternative hotel and you have the option ( a ) to [continue] with these revised arrangements or ( b ) cancel the holiday and receive a full refund if your holiday has not yet begun and in either event receive compensation as above .

The risk of severe alteration of the lining of the cervix which may proceed to cause cancer is also increased in smokers .
the risk of severe alteration of the lining of the cervix which may [continue] to cause cancer is also increased in smokers .

The risk of severe alteration of the lining of the cervix which may proceed to cancer is also increased in smokers [ 9 ] .
the risk of severe alteration of the lining of the cervix which may [continue] to cancer is also increased in smokers [ 9 ] .

The risk of severe alteration of the lining of the cervix which may proceed to cause cancer is also increased in smokers [ 6 ] .
the risk of severe alteration of the lining of the cervix which may [continue] to cause cancer is also increased in smokers [ 6 ] .

After the therapist has introduced him/herself , explaining something about their profession , and the actual referral process , they might continue by explaining how the first session will proceed .
after the therapist has introduced him/herself , explaining something about their profession , and the actual referral process , they might continue by explaining how the first session will [continue] .

The client should not proceed onto the next target until anxiety levels are low , usually below 20 or 30 units on the previous target .
the client should not [continue] onto the next target until anxiety levels are low , usually below 20 or 30 units on the previous target .

The exercises proceed up one arm and are then repeated for the other arm .
the exercises [continue] up one arm and are then repeated for the other arm .

with imitative activity filling the gap until the child is able to participate meaningfully as a partner in home-centred behaviours , the definition of this aspect of the female sex role [ the domestic one ] seems to proceed without interruption and with continuous reinforcement from the cradle on .
with imitative activity filling the gap until the child is able to participate meaningfully as a partner in home-centred behaviours , the definition of this aspect of the female sex role [ the domestic one ] seems to [continue] without interruption and with continuous reinforcement from the cradle on .

Or there may be a prescribed test of mathematics before you can proceed to advanced mathematics , or a prescribed standard of attainment in maths before you can begin electrical engineering .
or there may be a prescribed test of mathematics before you can [continue] to advanced mathematics , or a prescribed standard of attainment in maths before you can begin electrical engineering .

If the correct word is a function word , proceed to next sentence position ;
if the correct word is a function word , [continue] to next sentence position ;

The acquisition of the Longman Corpus enabled investigations to proceed in a more rigorous fashion using much increased test data sample sizes .
the acquisition of the longman corpus enabled investigations to [continue] in a more rigorous fashion using much increased test data sample sizes .

Somewhat more plausible is the possibility that Gloucester had decided to proceed to the execution of the captured Woodvilles ( as his letter to York perhaps implies ) and that Hastings , while willing to see Woodville power limited , was not prepared to countenance their execution .
somewhat more plausible is the possibility that gloucester had decided to [continue] to the execution of the captured woodvilles ( as his letter to york perhaps implies ) and that hastings , while willing to see woodville power limited , was not prepared to countenance their execution .

The active co-operation and support of Convocation would be essential , and the University is unwilling to proceed with such a proposal without the direct involvement of Convocation from the very beginning of planning and development .
the active co-operation and support of convocation would be essential , and the university is unwilling to [continue] with such a proposal without the direct involvement of convocation from the very beginning of planning and development .

Before we proceed to the changes brought about in this system by the Yorkist and Tudor sovereigns , certain general observations must be made about medieval administration .
before we [continue] to the changes brought about in this system by the yorkist and tudor sovereigns , certain general observations must be made about medieval administration .

Proceed to Lampang for dinner and overnight .
[continue] to lampang for dinner and overnight .

Lunch at a local restaurant and then proceed to the Meo Hilltribe Village for accommodation at the Hmong Hilltribe Lodge .
lunch at a local restaurant and then [continue] to the meo hilltribe village for accommodation at the hmong hilltribe lodge .

Investigations into the extent of the problem raised by differences in national laws are being undertaken prior to the Governing Council deciding whether the project should proceed .
investigations into the extent of the problem raised by differences in national laws are being undertaken prior to the governing council deciding whether the project should [continue] .

If this is the case proceed as detailed below otherwise return the form with a suitable explanation of why the form is not being accepted .
if this is the case [continue] as detailed below otherwise return the form with a suitable explanation of why the form is not being accepted .

Conflicts emerge over the way the group is to proceed who will be responsible for what .
conflicts emerge over the way the group is to [continue] who will be responsible for what .

New weapons programmes can not proceed without Congressional authorization .
new weapons programmes can not [continue] without congressional authorization .

All noblemen over the age of 15 were to register for service and proceed through the fourteen grades of a carefully constructed Table of Ranks ( 1722 ) drawn up for military , civil , and court service .
all noblemen over the age of 15 were to register for service and [continue] through the fourteen grades of a carefully constructed table of ranks ( 1722 ) drawn up for military , civil , and court service .

The new field-testing rule requires regulators to tell researchers within a month whether they can proceed .
the new field-testing rule requires regulators to tell researchers within a month whether they can [continue] .

The requirements may well be modified as detailed work and discussion proceed .
the requirements may well be modified as detailed work and discussion [continue] .

When the system is fully operational , such activities as accepting keyboarded input , outputting to proofing devices and to external systems ( e.g. Oxford Text System ) , text searching , integration , and any other processes on the system data will proceed in parallel , although different sections of the text will be subject to each process .
when the system is fully operational , such activities as accepting keyboarded input , outputting to proofing devices and to external systems ( e.g. oxford text system ) , text searching , integration , and any other processes on the system data will [continue] in parallel , although different sections of the text will be subject to each process .

Often though they proceed to deal seriously enough , as blindly hooked as punters , and no less destined for disillusionment .
often though they [continue] to deal seriously enough , as blindly hooked as punters , and no less destined for disillusionment .

They proceed not to turn up on Monday , the next working day .
they [continue] not to turn up on monday , the next working day .

But here also we can not predict how the couplet will proceed ; not only do we not yet know the grammatical or syntactic pattern of the next line , or its lexical contents , but , more importantly , we do not know what kind of a relationship what we have read will bear to what we have yet to read .
but here also we can not predict how the couplet will [continue] ; not only do we not yet know the grammatical or syntactic pattern of the next line , or its lexical contents , but , more importantly , we do not know what kind of a relationship what we have read will bear to what we have yet to read .

This analysis of cognitive processes will proceed by reference to differences between skilled and unskilled readers , not because our main concern is with disability , but because individual differences serve to illustrate the nature of ability .
this analysis of cognitive processes will [continue] by reference to differences between skilled and unskilled readers , not because our main concern is with disability , but because individual differences serve to illustrate the nature of ability .

Not every piece of work a child undertakes needs to proceed through successive stages of drafting .
not every piece of work a child undertakes needs to [continue] through successive stages of drafting .

To establish the uniqueness of this decomposition we proceed as follows .
to establish the uniqueness of this decomposition we [continue] as follows .

Note however that the assertion is certainly one which is meaningful — and also happens to be true ! These remarks indicate that , if nothing else , we ought to proceed with circumspection .
note however that the assertion is certainly one which is meaningful — and also happens to be true ! these remarks indicate that , if nothing else , we ought to [continue] with circumspection .

Proof We proceed by induction on n .
proof we [continue] by induction on n .

Proof We proceed by induction on n starting with the trivial case n = 3 .
proof we [continue] by induction on n starting with the trivial case n = 3 .

The analysis may appear to be unlike those which , to speak quickly and only of one central matter , describe something like a causal circumstance and an effect as two items which fall under a law , and then proceed to attempt to give an account of what a law is a true proposition of a certain character .
the analysis may appear to be unlike those which , to speak quickly and only of one central matter , describe something like a causal circumstance and an effect as two items which fall under a law , and then [continue] to attempt to give an account of what a law is a true proposition of a certain character .

Given the account we have of the difference , we can now proceed quickly to a final characterization of a causal circumstance .
given the account we have of the difference , we can now [continue] quickly to a final characterization of a causal circumstance .

We can also proceed quickly to a characterization of these .
we can also [continue] quickly to a characterization of these .

To come closer to our present concern , there is no more hope for the idea that a certain determinism is false because we do not aspire to prove it , but rather proceed in several alternative ways , including probabilistic ways , on the assumption of its truth .
to come closer to our present concern , there is no more hope for the idea that a certain determinism is false because we do not aspire to prove it , but rather [continue] in several alternative ways , including probabilistic ways , on the assumption of its truth .

Even if a `` bill `` succeeds at this stage , there is no further time allocated for the remaining stages and so , unless the Government gives up some of its time , the bill will not proceed further .
even if a `` bill `` succeeds at this stage , there is no further time allocated for the remaining stages and so , unless the government gives up some of its time , the bill will not [continue] further .

If the officer is satisfied with the suspect 's response he need not proceed with the search .
if the officer is satisfied with the suspect 's response he need not [continue] with the search .

We know from experimental evidence that dreams proceed as it were in `` real `` time , and are just as long as they seem .
we know from experimental evidence that dreams [continue] as it were in `` real `` time , and are just as long as they seem .

Despite Maury 's odd experience with the French Revolution , it seems that dreams proceed at a `` normal `` temporal pace .
despite maury 's odd experience with the french revolution , it seems that dreams [continue] at a `` normal `` temporal pace .

For this method use an unlabelled antibody as the first layer and proceed as in ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) above .
for this method use an unlabelled antibody as the first layer and [continue] as in ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) above .

Following the pre-meiotic 5-phase interval , the cells proceed as spermatocytes through a long meiotic prophase and then through the two cell divisions leading to the production of haploid gametes .
following the pre-meiotic 5-phase interval , the cells [continue] as spermatocytes through a long meiotic prophase and then through the two cell divisions leading to the production of haploid gametes .

Proceed as in Section 3.2 from step ( v ) onwards ( methods of Speed , ref.29 ) , for chromosome preparation and staining .
[continue] as in section 3.2 from step ( v ) onwards ( methods of speed , ref.29 ) , for chromosome preparation and staining .

Pre-implantation development can proceed in vitro in culture ( Chapter 2 ) and the arrestant added to the medium at the stage of development required .
pre-implantation development can [continue] in vitro in culture ( chapter 2 ) and the arrestant added to the medium at the stage of development required .

Failure to proceed with the nursing reforms will have catastrophic consequences .
failure to [continue] with the nursing reforms will have catastrophic consequences .

She intended to pick up her cases and proceed with what she was here to do , go up and out into the street and thence to Streatham Street to find the hotel .
she intended to pick up her cases and [continue] with what she was here to do , go up and out into the street and thence to streatham street to find the hotel .

Support for these generalisations will be given as we proceed , but we should be aware that descriptions of institutional change need to be understood in the light of political and theoretical considerations .
support for these generalisations will be given as we [continue] , but we should be aware that descriptions of institutional change need to be understood in the light of political and theoretical considerations .

Ernest Bevin was in the chair when Vyshinsky inquired what was happening concerning a peace settlement with Japan and proposed that the assembled foreign ministers should proceed with it .
ernest bevin was in the chair when vyshinsky inquired what was happening concerning a peace settlement with japan and proposed that the assembled foreign ministers should [continue] with it .

MacArthur held that efforts to secure a treaty should proceed even if the Soviet Union and China declined to participate .
macarthur held that efforts to secure a treaty should [continue] even if the soviet union and china declined to participate .

The disagreement between the State and Defense departments could not continue for much longer and President Truman , in the light of representations from the allies and bearing in mind the restless attitude developing in Japan , determined to proceed .
the disagreement between the state and defense departments could not continue for much longer and president truman , in the light of representations from the allies and bearing in mind the restless attitude developing in japan , determined to [continue] .

The debate was an old one : ‘ does gentilesse proceed from birth ’ , John Gower had asked a generation earlier in his Confessio amantis .
the debate was an old one : ‘ does gentilesse [continue] from birth ’ , john gower had asked a generation earlier in his confessio amantis .

The three layers of the level-of-analysis problem are set out systematically in Figure 1.2 , with the debate on each being a matter of whether to proceed ‘ top-down ’ or ‘ bottom-up ’ .
the three layers of the level-of-analysis problem are set out systematically in figure 1.2 , with the debate on each being a matter of whether to [continue] ‘ top-down ’ or ‘ bottom-up ’ .

’ Putting Lipsey and Popper together , we get a neat diagram of how to proceed , backed by a hugely influential rationale for it .
’ putting lipsey and popper together , we get a neat diagram of how to [continue] , backed by a hugely influential rationale for it .

Equally , there is a good case for holding that understanding should proceed in both directions , although , like all such compromises , that sets problems with the tension involved in combining them .
equally , there is a good case for holding that understanding should [continue] in both directions , although , like all such compromises , that sets problems with the tension involved in combining them .

With most examining their duty-free allowances , you then proceed to Bernkastel-Kues for overnight mooring .
with most examining their duty-free allowances , you then [continue] to bernkastel-kues for overnight mooring .

Reference has already been made to the examination by the Sumner Committee of the 1905 Hague Convention , and the reasoning which led to the Committee 's recommendation that the United Kingdom should not accede to that Convention but proceed rather by way of bilateral treaties .
reference has already been made to the examination by the sumner committee of the 1905 hague convention , and the reasoning which led to the committee 's recommendation that the united kingdom should not accede to that convention but [continue] rather by way of bilateral treaties .

Its position was that considerations of comity should be fully addressed before discovery should be allowed to proceed by means not fully recognised by the foreign sovereign State concerned .
its position was that considerations of comity should be fully addressed before discovery should be allowed to [continue] by means not fully recognised by the foreign sovereign state concerned .

This course offers an MSc in surgical science , and those with a primary motivation towards an academic career will be able to proceed to PhD registration .
this course offers an msc in surgical science , and those with a primary motivation towards an academic career will be able to [continue] to phd registration .

Once this is achieved , she suggests , the dichotomy between realism and relativism becomes irrelevant ; both will proceed in the same way in trying to sort out what is going on and what to do .
once this is achieved , she suggests , the dichotomy between realism and relativism becomes irrelevant ; both will [continue] in the same way in trying to sort out what is going on and what to do .

Dig out the extra soil needed for construction materials then proceed with installation
dig out the extra soil needed for construction materials then [continue] with installation

Proceed with caution and , at the risk of sounding like a tabloid astrologer , look before you leap .
[continue] with caution and , at the risk of sounding like a tabloid astrologer , look before you leap .

Freud thought that there is a difference between neurotics and primitives , which is , that primitives proceed very often from thought to deed .
freud thought that there is a difference between neurotics and primitives , which is , that primitives [continue] very often from thought to deed .

The scheme had been widely approved : now as always Edward was careful not to proceed without consent , and had the scheme worked it would have proved highly lucrative .
the scheme had been widely approved : now as always edward was careful not to [continue] without consent , and had the scheme worked it would have proved highly lucrative .

He also declared that the commons would not proceed with the business of parliament until the king had removed Latimer , Neville and Alice Perrers from court and agreed that a new council consisting of three bishops , three earls and three barons should be named in parliament .
he also declared that the commons would not [continue] with the business of parliament until the king had removed latimer , neville and alice perrers from court and agreed that a new council consisting of three bishops , three earls and three barons should be named in parliament .

In order that transfer can take place in a manner which allows colleges to progress rapidly if they wish , but at the same time make allowances for those who prefer to proceed more slowly , each college is being consulted on the rate of transfer appropriate for each course offered .
in order that transfer can take place in a manner which allows colleges to progress rapidly if they wish , but at the same time make allowances for those who prefer to [continue] more slowly , each college is being consulted on the rate of transfer appropriate for each course offered .

centres which have a well-prepared and effective quality system in place and are keen to proceed quickly towards devolved responsibility ;
centres which have a well-prepared and effective quality system in place and are keen to [continue] quickly towards devolved responsibility ;

In some cases subsidence damage will have come to light when a property is being sold and we may find ourselves under pressure to resolve the claim quickly to allow the sale to proceed .
in some cases subsidence damage will have come to light when a property is being sold and we may find ourselves under pressure to resolve the claim quickly to allow the sale to [continue] .

a defendant should take no action to induce a plaintiff to incur costs in the reasonable belief that he is willing for the case to proceed to trial .
a defendant should take no action to induce a plaintiff to incur costs in the reasonable belief that he is willing for the case to [continue] to trial .

where a defendants conduct led the plaintiff to incur expenditure in the reasonable belief that the action was to proceed to trial regardless of the plaintiffs delay even where the limitation period had expired , the defendant was estopped from claiming that the action be struck out for want of prosecution on the grounds of the plaintiffs delay .
where a defendants conduct led the plaintiff to incur expenditure in the reasonable belief that the action was to [continue] to trial regardless of the plaintiffs delay even where the limitation period had expired , the defendant was estopped from claiming that the action be struck out for want of prosecution on the grounds of the plaintiffs delay .

Once eye-witness statements have been obtained then proceed to obtain statements relative to systems of inspection , complaints procedures , etc .
once eye-witness statements have been obtained then [continue] to obtain statements relative to systems of inspection , complaints procedures , etc .

In theory at least , the Closed Record represents both parties ' case in its final form , and the Proof will proceed on the basis of those allegations .
in theory at least , the closed record represents both parties ' case in its final form , and the proof will [continue] on the basis of those allegations .

It is a matter of judgement , in many cases , as to whether it is preferable to allow the pursuer to proceed to enquiry with a bad case or whether it is better to have the problem cured thus improving the defender 's understanding of what the pursuer 's case is .
it is a matter of judgement , in many cases , as to whether it is preferable to allow the pursuer to [continue] to enquiry with a bad case or whether it is better to have the problem cured thus improving the defender 's understanding of what the pursuer 's case is .

Unlike England , where one is told simply that the case will be heard sometime in the weeks following the notified date , the case in Scotland will actually proceed on the date notified .
unlike england , where one is told simply that the case will be heard sometime in the weeks following the notified date , the case in scotland will actually [continue] on the date notified .

The opportunity may , therefore , exist for settlement at this stage and there is no doubt that it is preferable so to proceed than to achieve settlement at the door of the Court .
the opportunity may , therefore , exist for settlement at this stage and there is no doubt that it is preferable so to [continue] than to achieve settlement at the door of the court .

In the event that the defender contends that the case is not appropriate for the Optional Procedure , argument to that effect can be made , but insofar as the Diet Roll will be heard approximately eight weeks after service of the Summons , a decision as to how to proceed will require to be taken at an early stage .
in the event that the defender contends that the case is not appropriate for the optional procedure , argument to that effect can be made , but insofar as the diet roll will be heard approximately eight weeks after service of the summons , a decision as to how to [continue] will require to be taken at an early stage .

Where liability is admitted , or it is acknowledged that liability is likely to be established , then it may be sensible to try and agree an interim payment because it will probably be possible to secure a lower sum in interim damages than would be awarded by the Court if matters were so to proceed .
where liability is admitted , or it is acknowledged that liability is likely to be established , then it may be sensible to try and agree an interim payment because it will probably be possible to secure a lower sum in interim damages than would be awarded by the court if matters were so to [continue] .

The incentive to settle any claim exists insofar as it takes one file more off the solicitor 's desk and from the client 's point of view , gives him his damages ( or a proportion thereof ) sooner than would be the case if he requires to proceed to Proof .
the incentive to settle any claim exists insofar as it takes one file more off the solicitor 's desk and from the client 's point of view , gives him his damages ( or a proportion thereof ) sooner than would be the case if he requires to [continue] to proof .

Increasing the rate at which a computer is clocked also decreases the amount of time available for a given computer signal to proceed though the wires and circuits of the computer .
increasing the rate at which a computer is clocked also decreases the amount of time available for a given computer signal to [continue] though the wires and circuits of the computer .

It has also enabled the re-introduction of degree programmes in Mathematics and Politics to proceed with steady growth in student numbers .
it has also enabled the re-introduction of degree programmes in mathematics and politics to [continue] with steady growth in student numbers .

‘ It would have to be understood , however , that such a procedure would place constraints on litigants , ’ a paper from the working party warns , ‘ by obliging them to proceed more quickly than they might wish and forego the examination of some or all of the issues in a case by oral evidence . ’
‘ it would have to be understood , however , that such a procedure would place constraints on litigants , ’ a paper from the working party warns , ‘ by obliging them to [continue] more quickly than they might wish and forego the examination of some or all of the issues in a case by oral evidence . ’

Since formal application for the erection of suitable fencing would only result in further delay it was decided to proceed on our own .
since formal application for the erection of suitable fencing would only result in further delay it was decided to [continue] on our own .

you proceed to Final Local Plan deposit stage and
you [continue] to final local plan deposit stage and

We had previously indicated to you that , because of escalating cost estimates , we might not be able to proceed with the North Berwick station car park project in the near future .
we had previously indicated to you that , because of escalating cost estimates , we might not be able to [continue] with the north berwick station car park project in the near future .

Life is a natural cycle just like the changing seasons so youth must move to middle age and then proceed to death .
life is a natural cycle just like the changing seasons so youth must move to middle age and then [continue] to death .

After discussion it was agreed not to proceed .
after discussion it was agreed not to [continue] .

‘ You said last night you preferred to proceed with the notion of Vargas being a traitor .
‘ you said last night you preferred to [continue] with the notion of vargas being a traitor .

On the successful completion of these courses students will proceed to write a dissertation .
on the successful completion of these courses students will [continue] to write a dissertation .

Candidates who achieve the required standard in coursework and written examinations proceed to the submission for the MMus .
candidates who achieve the required standard in coursework and written examinations [continue] to the submission for the mmus .

When hundreds of students tried to proceed along them they very speedily became totally blocked .
when hundreds of students tried to [continue] along them they very speedily became totally blocked .

Students reaching the required standard may be permitted to proceed to honours in the final year in any one of the subjects offered by the faculty , or joint honours in two of the subjects .
students reaching the required standard may be permitted to [continue] to honours in the final year in any one of the subjects offered by the faculty , or joint honours in two of the subjects .

These students then proceed to the five-year course outlined in the Table .
these students then [continue] to the five-year course outlined in the table .

All students are urged to pursue these performing studies as far as the acquisition of a Teacher 's Diploma of one of the recognised colleges of music and , in suitable cases , to proceed to a Performer 's Diploma .
all students are urged to pursue these performing studies as far as the acquisition of a teacher 's diploma of one of the recognised colleges of music and , in suitable cases , to [continue] to a performer 's diploma .

An ordinary BSc degree may be taken at the end of the third year but the majority of students proceed to the fourth year of the BEng honours degree .
an ordinary bsc degree may be taken at the end of the third year but the majority of students [continue] to the fourth year of the beng honours degree .

Many proceed to the accountancy profession or financial institutions but a wide range of other employment is available .
many [continue] to the accountancy profession or financial institutions but a wide range of other employment is available .

But , looking on the bright side , she might have more idea of how to proceed after her visit to the cuttings library that afternoon .
but , looking on the bright side , she might have more idea of how to [continue] after her visit to the cuttings library that afternoon .

She ought to proceed with care .
she ought to [continue] with care .

Somewhat more plausible is the possibility that Gloucester had decided to proceed to the execution of the captured Woodvilles ( as his letter to York perhaps implies ) and that Hastings , while willing to see Woodville power limited , was not prepared to countenance their execution .
somewhat more plausible is the possibility that gloucester had decided to [continue] to the execution of the captured woodvilles ( as his letter to york perhaps implies ) and that hastings , while willing to see woodville power limited , was not prepared to countenance their execution .

There were further measures in the 1530s ; an Act of 1533 attempted to limit the size of the flock that one man might own and to prevent the engrossing of holdings and another in 1536 authorized the King to proceed against any encloser of land converted from tillage since 1488 ( 58 , pp.104–6 , 110–11 ) .
there were further measures in the 1530s ; an act of 1533 attempted to limit the size of the flock that one man might own and to prevent the engrossing of holdings and another in 1536 authorized the king to [continue] against any encloser of land converted from tillage since 1488 ( 58 , pp.104–6 , 110–11 ) .

In this case we need to make some assumptions in order to proceed .
in this case we need to make some assumptions in order to [continue] .

However , we shall proceed with a rather more simple approach ,
however , we shall [continue] with a rather more simple approach ,

With these data , the analysis of the selection of a project size can proceed .
with these data , the analysis of the selection of a project size can [continue] .

So , with that understood , let us proceed to lot number one .
so , with that understood , let us [continue] to lot number one .

Do not activate them on a package until it is intended to proceed with the work .
do not activate them on a package until it is intended to [continue] with the work .

and will proceed to prepare the report .
and will [continue] to prepare the report .

For all errors , the necessary corrections must be made to the relevant fields before you may proceed .
for all errors , the necessary corrections must be made to the relevant fields before you may [continue] .

To proceed to the next page , press the PF1/<down arrow> key .
to [continue] to the next page , press the pf1/<down arrow> key .

To proceed to the next page , you should press the PF1/<down arrow> key .
to [continue] to the next page , you should press the pf1/<down arrow> key .

If the package has changed and the DCs have been aborted for some reason , but you still wish to proceed with the change , raise new DCs , get agreement for the changes , activate the Dcs through your package , then resubmit the package for approval .
if the package has changed and the dcs have been aborted for some reason , but you still wish to [continue] with the change , raise new dcs , get agreement for the changes , activate the dcs through your package , then resubmit the package for approval .

The Hill Reaction will proceed in the absence of carbon dioxide provided that a suitable hydrogen is present .
the hill reaction will [continue] in the absence of carbon dioxide provided that a suitable hydrogen is present .

Most chemical reactions which proceed at a measurable rate are believed to take place in a series of simple steps .
most chemical reactions which [continue] at a measurable rate are believed to take place in a series of simple steps .

So before we proceed further it is important that we look at the units and measurement of temperature , pressure and volume .
so before we [continue] further it is important that we look at the units and measurement of temperature , pressure and volume .

For example , it can be used : to predict whether or not a chemical reaction is likely to occur when two different substances are mixed ; to enable the amount of energy theoretically required by or released during reactions to be calculated ; to predict the extent to which a reaction will proceed before reaching a condition of equilibrium .
for example , it can be used : to predict whether or not a chemical reaction is likely to occur when two different substances are mixed ; to enable the amount of energy theoretically required by or released during reactions to be calculated ; to predict the extent to which a reaction will [continue] before reaching a condition of equilibrium .

In other words , a chemical reaction could only proceed if the system lost energy .
in other words , a chemical reaction could only [continue] if the system lost energy .

It is this entropy change which , along with the enthalpy change of the reaction , we must consider when attempting to predict whether a chemical reaction will proceed spontaneously or not .
it is this entropy change which , along with the enthalpy change of the reaction , we must consider when attempting to predict whether a chemical reaction will [continue] spontaneously or not .

We have seen that there are two factors which determine whether a reaction will proceed spontaneously or not .
we have seen that there are two factors which determine whether a reaction will [continue] spontaneously or not .

In these reactions the reaction system can gain energy and still proceed spontaneously .
in these reactions the reaction system can gain energy and still [continue] spontaneously .

If you intend to proceed with the appeal on your own , you should contact me for a copy of the relevant parts of the Sheriff Court process .
if you intend to [continue] with the appeal on your own , you should contact me for a copy of the relevant parts of the sheriff court process .

Realistic evaluation of the options allows a clear decision on whether to proceed or not .
realistic evaluation of the options allows a clear decision on whether to [continue] or not .

Once a project which meets the predetermined criteria has been found the natural inclination is to proceed as quickly as possible , but ignoring changed circumstances will cause problems .
once a project which meets the predetermined criteria has been found the natural inclination is to [continue] as quickly as possible , but ignoring changed circumstances will cause problems .

To facilitate this aim the Presidents had signed an Economic Action Plan for Central America and agreed that discussions should proceed on the revival of the Central American Common Market .
to facilitate this aim the presidents had signed an economic action plan for central america and agreed that discussions should [continue] on the revival of the central american common market .

Israel had been in political crisis since March 15 , when the previous ruling coalition between Labour and Likud collapsed in disagreement over how to proceed with the Middle East Peace process [ see pp .
israel had been in political crisis since march 15 , when the previous ruling coalition between labour and likud collapsed in disagreement over how to [continue] with the middle east peace process [ see pp .

The new government was greeted with dismay in the United States because of its perceived reluctance to proceed with a US-brokered plan for talks in Egypt with Palestinians [ see pp. 37303-04 ] .
the new government was greeted with dismay in the united states because of its perceived reluctance to [continue] with a us-brokered plan for talks in egypt with palestinians [ see pp. 37303-04 ] .

At United States insistence this review would proceed more cautiously with regard to the Soviet Union .
at united states insistence this review would [continue] more cautiously with regard to the soviet union .

On March 14 , 1990 , the government announced that it would proceed with a controversial proposal first mooted in 1984 for an elected executive presidency [ ibid . ]
on march 14 , 1990 , the government announced that it would [continue] with a controversial proposal first mooted in 1984 for an elected executive presidency [ ibid . ]

The unrest , which was connected with further proposed petrol price and bus fare increases and also involved student protests , was believed to have been caused by a Supreme Court decision not to proceed with corruption charges against various former ministers .
the unrest , which was connected with further proposed petrol price and bus fare increases and also involved student protests , was believed to have been caused by a supreme court decision not to [continue] with corruption charges against various former ministers .

In February Sanguinetti 's outgoing government was accused by politicians and union leaders of diverting national attention from current political and economic issues by allowing a duel to proceed under a 1920 law .
in february sanguinetti 's outgoing government was accused by politicians and union leaders of diverting national attention from current political and economic issues by allowing a duel to [continue] under a 1920 law .

The conference decided on April 23 , however , not to proceed with the establishment of a new Solidarity political party , in deference to the many delegates who had expressed reservations about the increasing politicization of the union .
the conference decided on april 23 , however , not to [continue] with the establishment of a new solidarity political party , in deference to the many delegates who had expressed reservations about the increasing politicization of the union .

Naval vessels were also contributed by Belgium and Italy ( which both on Aug. 21 confirmed that minesweepers sent initially to the eastern Mediterranean were to proceed on to the Gulf ) ; Greece announced on Aug. 20 that a frigate would join the naval forces in the Gulf , and Spain made a similar announcement the following day .
naval vessels were also contributed by belgium and italy ( which both on aug. 21 confirmed that minesweepers sent initially to the eastern mediterranean were to [continue] on to the gulf ) ; greece announced on aug. 20 that a frigate would join the naval forces in the gulf , and spain made a similar announcement the following day .

Although the differences between the two sides remained too great for there to be any substantial agreement upon the outlined proposals , the Prime Ministers agreed to proceed with the second round of scheduled discussions in Pyongyang ( North Korea ) on Oct. 16-19 .
although the differences between the two sides remained too great for there to be any substantial agreement upon the outlined proposals , the prime ministers agreed to [continue] with the second round of scheduled discussions in pyongyang ( north korea ) on oct. 16-19 .

The then Minister for Home Affairs , Buta Singh , defended the extension against protests from opposition members saying that it was necessary to proceed with the panchayat ( local council ) system as a prelude to assembly elections in the state , and that the continued detention of some Sikh leaders was necessary to prevent them from causing further trouble in the region .
the then minister for home affairs , buta singh , defended the extension against protests from opposition members saying that it was necessary to [continue] with the panchayat ( local council ) system as a prelude to assembly elections in the state , and that the continued detention of some sikh leaders was necessary to prevent them from causing further trouble in the region .

Also , as the claim of executive privilege involved constitutional issues , Greene ordered Poindexter 's lawyers to disclose their defence strategy for the forthcoming trial to Reagan and the Justice Department so that they could decide whether to proceed with their objections .
also , as the claim of executive privilege involved constitutional issues , greene ordered poindexter 's lawyers to disclose their defence strategy for the forthcoming trial to reagan and the justice department so that they could decide whether to [continue] with their objections .

It can establish certain foundations , give pupils some strategy by means of which to proceed .
it can establish certain foundations , give pupils some strategy by means of which to [continue] .

The British Chiefs of Staff and the Foreign Office put up an obdurate defence , yet it seems that Attlee did not begin to retreat until January 1947 , around the time of the decision to proceed with a British nuclear bomb .
the british chiefs of staff and the foreign office put up an obdurate defence , yet it seems that attlee did not begin to retreat until january 1947 , around the time of the decision to [continue] with a british nuclear bomb .

They could now proceed in the knowledge that a small but growing number of nuclear weapons was becoming available to the British armed forces .
they could now [continue] in the knowledge that a small but growing number of nuclear weapons was becoming available to the british armed forces .

On this issue — it should be noted — it had been Churchill rather than Eden who had been tempted to proceed independently of the United States .
on this issue — it should be noted — it had been churchill rather than eden who had been tempted to [continue] independently of the united states .

Even the smaller sum , however , was large enough to encourage them to proceed .
even the smaller sum , however , was large enough to encourage them to [continue] .

The relevance of these observations about the varieties of symmetry and asymmetry , social solidarity , subordination and hostility will become apparent as we proceed .
the relevance of these observations about the varieties of symmetry and asymmetry , social solidarity , subordination and hostility will become apparent as we [continue] .

They treat the physical body of the human individual as a naturally existing unit separate from all others and proceed to take it to pieces .
they treat the physical body of the human individual as a naturally existing unit separate from all others and [continue] to take it to pieces .

And this is what the ethologists and socio-biologists proceed to do , often with reckless lack of caution .
and this is what the ethologists and socio-biologists [continue] to do , often with reckless lack of caution .

The information should enable the recipient to evaluate the opportunity against his acquisition criteria and to take an instant decision to reject or proceed with the opportunity .
the information should enable the recipient to evaluate the opportunity against his acquisition criteria and to take an instant decision to reject or [continue] with the opportunity .

This phase involves selecting a limited number of indicative offers with which to proceed and arranging site visits and meetings between the potential purchasers and vendors and/or management . The following points are relevant to this phase :
this phase involves selecting a limited number of indicative offers with which to [continue] and arranging site visits and meetings between the potential purchasers and vendors and/or management . the following points are relevant to this phase :

If several offers are received it may be necessary to select say the best five with which to proceed and to reject the other offers .
if several offers are received it may be necessary to select say the best five with which to [continue] and to reject the other offers .

Before doing so all offers received should be examined and explained to the client with a recommendation as to which offers to proceed with .
before doing so all offers received should be examined and explained to the client with a recommendation as to which offers to [continue] with .

Defining our role , such that responsibility for deciding whether to proceed with an acquisition rests with our client .
defining our role , such that responsibility for deciding whether to [continue] with an acquisition rests with our client .

Has the purchaser the desire , resources and ability to proceed with more than one acquisition concurrently ? If so , how many ?
has the purchaser the desire , resources and ability to [continue] with more than one acquisition concurrently ? if so , how many ?

To make arrangements to obtain sufficient information to confirm its willingness to proceed .
to make arrangements to obtain sufficient information to confirm its willingness to [continue] .

Where there is limited net asset cover , the vendors might be asked to warrant that they are not aware of any information relating to the target which has been knowingly withheld , the disclosure of which might effect the decision of the purchaser to proceed .
where there is limited net asset cover , the vendors might be asked to warrant that they are not aware of any information relating to the target which has been knowingly withheld , the disclosure of which might effect the decision of the purchaser to [continue] .

If the target is a client , discuss implications of the contact with the client partner and consider whether to proceed .
if the target is a client , discuss implications of the contact with the client partner and consider whether to [continue] .

There is usually a pressing desire of all parties to proceed as fast as possible so the solicitors are required to produce their draft agreement before they have received all the information requested or the accountants have completed due diligence .
there is usually a pressing desire of all parties to [continue] as fast as possible so the solicitors are required to produce their draft agreement before they have received all the information requested or the accountants have completed due diligence .

In practical terms the disclose letter should be released on a piecemeal draft basis as negotiations proceed .
in practical terms the disclose letter should be released on a piecemeal draft basis as negotiations [continue] .

That claim could be so serious that the seller would far prefer that the transaction did not proceed .
that claim could be so serious that the seller would far prefer that the transaction did not [continue] .

The right of rescission may also extend to the occurrence of certain events which , although not a breach of warranty , may lead to the acquirer being unwilling to proceed ( for example , a major fire ) .
the right of rescission may also extend to the occurrence of certain events which , although not a breach of warranty , may lead to the acquirer being unwilling to [continue] ( for example , a major fire ) .

The acquirer should not agree to a clause which states that if by completion it is aware of a breach of warranty and it still elects to proceed to completion it thereby waives any claim for damages .
the acquirer should not agree to a clause which states that if by completion it is aware of a breach of warranty and it still elects to [continue] to completion it thereby waives any claim for damages .

The contract should also deal with the issue of provisions in that only excess provisions ( as defined ) have been taken into account should a warranty claim proceed .
the contract should also deal with the issue of provisions in that only excess provisions ( as defined ) have been taken into account should a warranty claim [continue] .

that ultimate responsibility for the decision to proceed with the transaction rests solely with the directors of the client company ;
that ultimate responsibility for the decision to [continue] with the transaction rests solely with the directors of the client company ;

to obtain sufficient information to confirm your willingness to proceed with the transaction ; and
to obtain sufficient information to confirm your willingness to [continue] with the transaction ; and

Contract drafting can generally proceed concurrently with due diligence .
contract drafting can generally [continue] concurrently with due diligence .

While our client intends to proceed as outlined above , they reserve the right under their own discretion to modify the timetable and sequence of events as deemed appropriate .
while our client intends to [continue] as outlined above , they reserve the right under their own discretion to modify the timetable and sequence of events as deemed appropriate .

With the four prospective purchasers which we have at this stage it will be necessary to go through an elimination process , selecting one to proceed with and perhaps one to keep on hold .
with the four prospective purchasers which we have at this stage it will be necessary to go through an elimination process , selecting one to [continue] with and perhaps one to keep on hold .

Furthermore , a common provision in such agreements is that all documents , copies of documents and extracts of documents obtained during the course of our work are to be returned if the transaction does not proceed .
furthermore , a common provision in such agreements is that all documents , copies of documents and extracts of documents obtained during the course of our work are to be returned if the transaction does not [continue] .

Furthermore , a common provision in such agreements is that all documents , copies of documents and extracts of documents obtained during the course of our work are to be returned if the transaction does not proceed .
furthermore , a common provision in such agreements is that all documents , copies of documents and extracts of documents obtained during the course of our work are to be returned if the transaction does not [continue] .

because there must be some give and take in the deal and the Purchaser would probably proceed on the same terms even if it knew of a few minor breaches — the Purchaser should not be able to bring a claim after completion for those kinds of problems ;
because there must be some give and take in the deal and the purchaser would probably [continue] on the same terms even if it knew of a few minor breaches — the purchaser should not be able to bring a claim after completion for those kinds of problems ;

It is a biological catalyst , a catalyst being something that encourages a chemical reaction to proceed at a faster rate than it would do normally .
it is a biological catalyst , a catalyst being something that encourages a chemical reaction to [continue] at a faster rate than it would do normally .

The research will proceed in two major ways .
the research will [continue] in two major ways .

However , the task of investigating crime , and the initial decision whether to proceed with a case , will remain with the police .
however , the task of investigating crime , and the initial decision whether to [continue] with a case , will remain with the police .

Someone who wishes to challenge a governmental decision , be it a decision of a central government department , local authority or other public body , may proceed in a number of ways .
someone who wishes to challenge a governmental decision , be it a decision of a central government department , local authority or other public body , may [continue] in a number of ways .

As a result of the Pilot Study , it was decided to proceed with a seven day diary rather than a one day diary , but that a methodological component should be built into the Survey to monitor the quality of the data .
as a result of the pilot study , it was decided to [continue] with a seven day diary rather than a one day diary , but that a methodological component should be built into the survey to monitor the quality of the data .

Garda James McElroy said that when the case first came before the court , on February 25 , it was found that there were no summonses to proceed with , although they had been served .
garda james mcelroy said that when the case first came before the court , on february 25 , it was found that there were no summonses to [continue] with , although they had been served .

Mr McGrady said the results showed that 82pc of voters wanted talks and this was a sufficient response to proceed .
mr mcgrady said the results showed that 82pc of voters wanted talks and this was a sufficient response to [continue] .

Mr Trimble added : ‘ It might be best to proceed , not in an adversarial courtroom manner , but in an inquisitorial procedure with the outcome being a report , part or all of which would be published .
mr trimble added : ‘ it might be best to [continue] , not in an adversarial courtroom manner , but in an inquisitorial procedure with the outcome being a report , part or all of which would be published .

Mr Mowatt agreed to proceed with this .
mr mowatt agreed to [continue] with this .

Inspect carefully using discretion as to how far to proceed .
inspect carefully using discretion as to how far to [continue] .

We should carry out the sampling procedures and proceed with an analysis as soon as possible , so that we have an accurate baseline for future measurements .
we should carry out the sampling procedures and [continue] with an analysis as soon as possible , so that we have an accurate baseline for future measurements .

( Evans also suggests in his original diagram that some unscrupulous scientists proceed directly from nascent idea to the writing up , without carrying out the experimental phase ) .
( evans also suggests in his original diagram that some unscrupulous scientists [continue] directly from nascent idea to the writing up , without carrying out the experimental phase ) .

The mutation rate is bound to place an upper limit on the rate at which evolution can proceed .
the mutation rate is bound to place an upper limit on the rate at which evolution can [continue] .

It was therefore decided to proceed with the design of our own in-house system .
it was therefore decided to [continue] with the design of our own in-house system .

More massive stars would need to be hotter to balance their stronger gravitational attraction , making the nuclear fusion reactions proceed so much more rapidly that they would use up their hydrogen in as little as a hundred million years .
more massive stars would need to be hotter to balance their stronger gravitational attraction , making the nuclear fusion reactions [continue] so much more rapidly that they would use up their hydrogen in as little as a hundred million years .

The decision on whether to proceed with an investment project will depend on the relationship between the rate of interest ( r ) and the marginal efficiency of investment ( i ) .
the decision on whether to [continue] with an investment project will depend on the relationship between the rate of interest ( r ) and the marginal efficiency of investment ( i ) .

After successful completion of the qualifying law degree , you will then have to proceed to the Legal Practice Course which will give you the practical skills necessary to become a solicitor .
after successful completion of the qualifying law degree , you will then have to [continue] to the legal practice course which will give you the practical skills necessary to become a solicitor .

After successful completion of the academic stage of training by the Common Professional Examination or an alternative , you then proceed to the Legal Practice Course , followed by the two year training contract .
after successful completion of the academic stage of training by the common professional examination or an alternative , you then [continue] to the legal practice course , followed by the two year training contract .

Agree that in the event of conciliation being unsuccessful , and the client wishing to proceed with a Remuneration Certificate application , then a provisional certificate would be issued by an admitted member of staff under delegated powers to be granted by the Council .
agree that in the event of conciliation being unsuccessful , and the client wishing to [continue] with a remuneration certificate application , then a provisional certificate would be issued by an admitted member of staff under delegated powers to be granted by the council .

She had no intention of putting herself deeper into Luke 's bad books ; all she wanted now was for her involvement with Woodline Design to proceed peacefully to its end .
she had no intention of putting herself deeper into luke 's bad books ; all she wanted now was for her involvement with woodline design to [continue] peacefully to its end .

You may then proceed with filling the room with furnishings .
you may then [continue] with filling the room with furnishings .

As she tentatively slid one ski forwards half an inch , the other decided it would rather proceed in a sideways direction , and , with a strangled squawk , she hit the deck , an ungainly tangle of arms , legs and ski-sticks .
as she tentatively slid one ski forwards half an inch , the other decided it would rather [continue] in a sideways direction , and , with a strangled squawk , she hit the deck , an ungainly tangle of arms , legs and ski-sticks .

So deep in thought had she been that she reached her destination before she 'd made any definite plans about how to proceed .
so deep in thought had she been that she reached her destination before she 'd made any definite plans about how to [continue] .

Gibble and Chu 's experiments proceed as follows .
gibble and chu 's experiments [continue] as follows .

It seems at first difficult to proceed with this debate .
it seems at first difficult to [continue] with this debate .

One strategy for implementing information systems would proceed by breaking up the information systems project according to the departmental structure of the organisation .
one strategy for implementing information systems would [continue] by breaking up the information systems project according to the departmental structure of the organisation .

The scrutineers will proceed to add the number of first preference votes received by each candidate , eliminate the candidate with the lowest number of first preference votes and redistribute the votes of those giving him as their first preference amongst the two remaining candidates in accordance with their second preference .
the scrutineers will [continue] to add the number of first preference votes received by each candidate , eliminate the candidate with the lowest number of first preference votes and redistribute the votes of those giving him as their first preference amongst the two remaining candidates in accordance with their second preference .

When Parliament returned , the Opposition would take the matter up and proceed to a vote of censure .
when parliament returned , the opposition would take the matter up and [continue] to a vote of censure .

Four tellers will be appointed and the Party will proceed immediately to a vote .
four tellers will be appointed and the party will [continue] immediately to a vote .

‘ Or more likely he 's at some hotel , waiting to search our luggage before we can proceed .
‘ or more likely he 's at some hotel , waiting to search our luggage before we can [continue] .

It would proceed perfectly well for a while and then suddenly lose all power , forcing Robyn to jerk and stutter along in first gear , while huge juggernauts and tractors hounded her from behind and threw her into a panic .
it would [continue] perfectly well for a while and then suddenly lose all power , forcing robyn to jerk and stutter along in first gear , while huge juggernauts and tractors hounded her from behind and threw her into a panic .

Thus investment or additions to the capital stock will proceed up to the point at which the present value of the future profits equals the initial purchase price of new capital goods .
thus investment or additions to the capital stock will [continue] up to the point at which the present value of the future profits equals the initial purchase price of new capital goods .

Hence investment will proceed up to the point at which the rate of return just equals the interest rate at which firms can borrow .
hence investment will [continue] up to the point at which the rate of return just equals the interest rate at which firms can borrow .

Anyone who considers what has happened with regard to the sugar and milk quotas or to anything else about which we felt that we should have had a different package but could not achieve it will be aware of how dangerous it is to allow the negotiations to proceed quickly when a longer discussion might result in a better solution .
anyone who considers what has happened with regard to the sugar and milk quotas or to anything else about which we felt that we should have had a different package but could not achieve it will be aware of how dangerous it is to allow the negotiations to [continue] quickly when a longer discussion might result in a better solution .

If one adds that delay to the average of about three months before the first visit is made , one is talking about a possible delay of one year and three months before the application starts to receive the attention that is required before it can proceed .
if one adds that delay to the average of about three months before the first visit is made , one is talking about a possible delay of one year and three months before the application starts to receive the attention that is required before it can [continue] .

It is essential , therefore , that we proceed with great caution when handling toxic and hazardous waste .
it is essential , therefore , that we [continue] with great caution when handling toxic and hazardous waste .

and learned Friend the Attorney-General , in his personal capacity as Law Officer of the Crown and not as a Minister , came to the House to inform it how he intended to proceed .
and learned friend the attorney-general , in his personal capacity as law officer of the crown and not as a minister , came to the house to inform it how he intended to [continue] .

Finally , is it still the Government 's intention to proceed with ordering a large helicopter carrier , known as an aviation support ship ?
finally , is it still the government 's intention to [continue] with ordering a large helicopter carrier , known as an aviation support ship ?

When is the work likely to start ? Notwithstanding the good news , many hundreds of the workers at Yarrow Shipbuilders have already gone down the road and it would be helpful if we could proceed quickly .
when is the work likely to start ? notwithstanding the good news , many hundreds of the workers at yarrow shipbuilders have already gone down the road and it would be helpful if we could [continue] quickly .

In our commitment as a party to home rule , we proceed on the footing not only that the distinctive characteristics of Scotland and its people need expression and institutions of government , but that the demands of modern government require those institutions to be immediate , sensitive and properly democratic .
in our commitment as a party to home rule , we [continue] on the footing not only that the distinctive characteristics of scotland and its people need expression and institutions of government , but that the demands of modern government require those institutions to be immediate , sensitive and properly democratic .

Therefore , my right hon. and learned Friend has given an undertaking that we shall proceed with legislation as soon as it is reasonable to do so , but the Bill is not the appropriate way .
therefore , my right hon. and learned friend has given an undertaking that we shall [continue] with legislation as soon as it is reasonable to do so , but the bill is not the appropriate way .

Scottish Enterprise does not have the resources to proceed further with its study of the consequences of the fall in defence expenditure in Scotland .
scottish enterprise does not have the resources to [continue] further with its study of the consequences of the fall in defence expenditure in scotland .

That reflects two things — first , the shortened nature of this parliamentary Session , giving rise to the need to proceed with our Bills in an orderly way through Committee if we are to dispose of as many of them as possible ; and , secondly , the importance that we attach to this Bill , which is symbolic of the high priority that we give to the reform of further education , as well as higher education .
that reflects two things — first , the shortened nature of this parliamentary session , giving rise to the need to [continue] with our bills in an orderly way through committee if we are to dispose of as many of them as possible ; and , secondly , the importance that we attach to this bill , which is symbolic of the high priority that we give to the reform of further education , as well as higher education .

After the exploratory period of 18 months , we hope to proceed by mid-1993 with full development , leading to a first order by the mid-1990s .
after the exploratory period of 18 months , we hope to [continue] by mid-1993 with full development , leading to a first order by the mid-1990s .

Gentleman knows that although we believe that Kenya should proceed with all speed to multi-party elections , there is much preparatory work to be done .
gentleman knows that although we believe that kenya should [continue] with all speed to multi-party elections , there is much preparatory work to be done .

In assessing the safety of signalling and other safety factors , will the Secretary of State take account of the genuine concerns , based on genuine information , about the Government 's plans for InterCity ? In that context , will he break the habit of a lifetime and answer two questions straight ? Are there any plans to downgrade the role of the ScotRail board ? And is there any possibility — or is it part of current thinking — that InterCity tracks will be sold off as part of InterCity in the highly improbable event of the right hon. and learned Gentleman still being in a position to proceed with such a sale ?
in assessing the safety of signalling and other safety factors , will the secretary of state take account of the genuine concerns , based on genuine information , about the government 's plans for intercity ? in that context , will he break the habit of a lifetime and answer two questions straight ? are there any plans to downgrade the role of the scotrail board ? and is there any possibility — or is it part of current thinking — that intercity tracks will be sold off as part of intercity in the highly improbable event of the right hon. and learned gentleman still being in a position to [continue] with such a sale ?

Does the Minister agree that if those projects that are partly funded by the European Community fund do not proceed this year , there is a danger that there will be some damage to the economy of Northern Ireland ? Does he further accept that this arises from the Government 's refusal to accept European Community rules on additionality ? If he accepts both those propositions , what pressure is the Northern Ireland Office putting on the Government to conform to those European Community rules ?
does the minister agree that if those projects that are partly funded by the european community fund do not [continue] this year , there is a danger that there will be some damage to the economy of northern ireland ? does he further accept that this arises from the government 's refusal to accept european community rules on additionality ? if he accepts both those propositions , what pressure is the northern ireland office putting on the government to conform to those european community rules ?

Does the Secretary of State accept that the debate on Trident in Scotland is not on whether we should have three or four boats or on the number of warheads per missile but on whether we should proceed with expenditure which , over its lifetime , could amount to £23,000 million on a useless , dangerous military white elephant ? Does the Secretary of State accept that there has not been , is not and will not be a majority in Scotland for the Trident missile system and that , ultimately , its deployment will depend on the consent not of the Westminster Parliament but of the Scottish people , and it will not be forthcoming ?
does the secretary of state accept that the debate on trident in scotland is not on whether we should have three or four boats or on the number of warheads per missile but on whether we should [continue] with expenditure which , over its lifetime , could amount to £23,000 million on a useless , dangerous military white elephant ? does the secretary of state accept that there has not been , is not and will not be a majority in scotland for the trident missile system and that , ultimately , its deployment will depend on the consent not of the westminster parliament but of the scottish people , and it will not be forthcoming ?

As Britain will assume the presidency next , we are carefully discussing with the Portuguese how we should proceed with common agricultural policy reform .
as britain will assume the presidency next , we are carefully discussing with the portuguese how we should [continue] with common agricultural policy reform .

We proceed here by speech , not by visual aids .
we [continue] here by speech , not by visual aids .

He did not mention , however , that his answer on the same occasion made it absolutely clear that the proposed regimental cuts would proceed irrespective of the findings of the Defence Select Committee report .
he did not mention , however , that his answer on the same occasion made it absolutely clear that the proposed regimental cuts would [continue] irrespective of the findings of the defence select committee report .

Resolved , That if it shall appear that any person hath been elected or returned a Member of this House , or endeavoured so to be , by Bribery or any other corrupt practices , this House will proceed with the utmost severity against all such persons as shall have been wilfully concerned in such Bribery or other corrupt practices .
resolved , that if it shall appear that any person hath been elected or returned a member of this house , or endeavoured so to be , by bribery or any other corrupt practices , this house will [continue] with the utmost severity against all such persons as shall have been wilfully concerned in such bribery or other corrupt practices .

Resolved , That if it shall appear that any person hath been tampering with any Witness , in respect of his evidence to be given to this House , or any Committee thereof , or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any person from appearing or giving evidence the same is declared to be a high crime and misdemeanour ; and this House will proceed with the utmost severity against such offender .
resolved , that if it shall appear that any person hath been tampering with any witness , in respect of his evidence to be given to this house , or any committee thereof , or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any person from appearing or giving evidence the same is declared to be a high crime and misdemeanour ; and this house will [continue] with the utmost severity against such offender .

Resolved , That if it shall appear that any person hath given false evidence in any case before this House , or any Committee thereof , this House will proceed with the utmost severity against such offender .
resolved , that if it shall appear that any person hath given false evidence in any case before this house , or any committee thereof , this house will [continue] with the utmost severity against such offender .

That seems to be an appropriate way to proceed .
that seems to be an appropriate way to [continue] .

Wherefore your Petitioners pray that your Honourable House do not proceed with these unjust proposals .
wherefore your petitioners pray that your honourable house do not [continue] with these unjust proposals .

What British Coal needs to know now , to enable its investment programme to proceed to meet the threat from coal imports , is the size of the United Kingdom coal market post-1993 .
what british coal needs to know now , to enable its investment programme to [continue] to meet the threat from coal imports , is the size of the united kingdom coal market post-1993 .

We must all hope that in due course the talks will proceed .
we must all hope that in due course the talks will [continue] .

The British Polaris submarines would stay on patrol and the Trident programme would proceed .
the british polaris submarines would stay on patrol and the trident programme would [continue] .

The Committee concluded that , subject to some important amendments and undertakings relating to groundwater , the Bill should be allowed to proceed .
the committee concluded that , subject to some important amendments and undertakings relating to groundwater , the bill should be allowed to [continue] .

The first is whether the barrage should be given funds , and the second is whether , if someone else 's money and ideas were involved , the development should be given permission to proceed .
the first is whether the barrage should be given funds , and the second is whether , if someone else 's money and ideas were involved , the development should be given permission to [continue] .

Motion made , and Question proposed , That the Promoters of the King 's Cross Railways Bill may , notwithstanding anything in the Standing Orders or practice of this House , proceed with the Bill in the present Session ; and the Petition for the Bill shall be deemed to have been deposited and all Standing Orders applicable thereto shall be deemed to have been complied with ;
motion made , and question proposed , that the promoters of the king 's cross railways bill may , notwithstanding anything in the standing orders or practice of this house , [continue] with the bill in the present session ; and the petition for the bill shall be deemed to have been deposited and all standing orders applicable thereto shall be deemed to have been complied with ;

It is important for the north of England that King 's Cross is allowed to proceed .
it is important for the north of england that king 's cross is allowed to [continue] .

During the previous debate , it was said that trains would be able to proceed from the north-west , with a bit of dodging about in Hampstead , to King 's Cross .
during the previous debate , it was said that trains would be able to [continue] from the north-west , with a bit of dodging about in hampstead , to king 's cross .

It is extremely important to the case for assessing whether we should proceed with the King 's Cross proposals as currently enshrined in the Bill .
it is extremely important to the case for assessing whether we should [continue] with the king 's cross proposals as currently enshrined in the bill .

Astrophil has been trying in the sonnet to proceed by imitation and been singularly unsuccessful in doing so .
astrophil has been trying in the sonnet to [continue] by imitation and been singularly unsuccessful in doing so .

Marry , so there have been diverse good plots devised and wise counsels cast already about reformation of that realm , but they say it is the fatal destiny of that land that no purposes whatsoever are meant for her good will prosper or take good effect , which whether it proceed from the very genius of the soil , or the influence of the stars , or that Almighty God hath not yet appointed the time of her reformation , or that He reserveth her in this unquiet state still , for some secret scourge which shall by her come unto England , it is hard to be known but yet much to be feared .
marry , so there have been diverse good plots devised and wise counsels cast already about reformation of that realm , but they say it is the fatal destiny of that land that no purposes whatsoever are meant for her good will prosper or take good effect , which whether it [continue] from the very genius of the soil , or the influence of the stars , or that almighty god hath not yet appointed the time of her reformation , or that he reserveth her in this unquiet state still , for some secret scourge which shall by her come unto england , it is hard to be known but yet much to be feared .

It has now been dismantled and removed into storage in a building belonging to Committee member Ron Davies , until such time as the work of restoration can proceed .
it has now been dismantled and removed into storage in a building belonging to committee member ron davies , until such time as the work of restoration can [continue] .

But meanwhile this is the supposition on which we proceed ; we assume that there is only one price in the market at one and the same time ; it being understood that separate allowance is made , when necessary , for differences in the expense of delivering goods to dealers in different parts of the market ; including allowance for the special expenses of retailing , if it is a retail market .
but meanwhile this is the supposition on which we [continue] ; we assume that there is only one price in the market at one and the same time ; it being understood that separate allowance is made , when necessary , for differences in the expense of delivering goods to dealers in different parts of the market ; including allowance for the special expenses of retailing , if it is a retail market .

It is easy to perceive that so long as this group of entrepreneurs is active in the market , and so long as they are alert to the changing prices their own activity brings about , the market process can proceed in an entirely normal fashion .
it is easy to perceive that so long as this group of entrepreneurs is active in the market , and so long as they are alert to the changing prices their own activity brings about , the market process can [continue] in an entirely normal fashion .

Generally , the stronger the assumptions upon which the analysis is founded , the more reliable the conclusions reached , if the assumptions are reasonable . Sometimes they are unreasonable , perhaps being arbitrary or made for convenience 's sake ; if so , to what extent are conclusions invalidated , and can one proceed in an alternative fashion based on only weak knowledge ?
generally , the stronger the assumptions upon which the analysis is founded , the more reliable the conclusions reached , if the assumptions are reasonable . sometimes they are unreasonable , perhaps being arbitrary or made for convenience 's sake ; if so , to what extent are conclusions invalidated , and can one [continue] in an alternative fashion based on only weak knowledge ?

The investigation will proceed through a series of cross-sectional experimental studies , in which children 's performance on given tasks will be compared between familiar and unfamiliar or abstract settings .
the investigation will [continue] through a series of cross-sectional experimental studies , in which children 's performance on given tasks will be compared between familiar and unfamiliar or abstract settings .

‘ Proceed .
‘ [continue] .

Due to circumstances beyond our control , we were not able to proceed with any work on Glenburrell Bridge .
due to circumstances beyond our control , we were not able to [continue] with any work on glenburrell bridge .

One raggedly clad individual shouted an incomprehensible greeting , cackling shrilly when Ellen quickly pulled Isabel away so the cart could proceed over the bridge .
one raggedly clad individual shouted an incomprehensible greeting , cackling shrilly when ellen quickly pulled isabel away so the cart could [continue] over the bridge .

In other words , all the classes for functions of clothes must be first enumerated before we proceed to consider subdivision by other principles , such as price .
in other words , all the classes for functions of clothes must be first enumerated before we [continue] to consider subdivision by other principles , such as price .

This we shall now proceed to do .
this we shall now [continue] to do .

Once terms have been accepted for inclusion they must obviously be recorded , so that this stage and the next one must proceed simultaneously .
once terms have been accepted for inclusion they must obviously be recorded , so that this stage and the next one must [continue] simultaneously .

It seems that she will not be well enough to proceed with the rest of the play , and so her understudy will be taking over the role .
it seems that she will not be well enough to [continue] with the rest of the play , and so her understudy will be taking over the role .

We proceed by first setting out the difference equations for the variables and in this case .
we [continue] by first setting out the difference equations for the variables and in this case .

Sooner or later he would emerge from the woodwork and proceed to make a bearable situation unbearable .
sooner or later he would emerge from the woodwork and [continue] to make a bearable situation unbearable .

The strategy was given its first airing two days after the Danish vote at a meeting of the Council in Oslo on 4 June , when it was agreed to proceed with the ratification of the Maastricht Treaty while giving time to the Danes to resolve their problems .
the strategy was given its first airing two days after the danish vote at a meeting of the council in oslo on 4 june , when it was agreed to [continue] with the ratification of the maastricht treaty while giving time to the danes to resolve their problems .

We shall show first that what might appear to be an obvious way to proceed is not in fact likely to be valid and that a more subtle approach is required .
we shall show first that what might appear to be an obvious way to [continue] is not in fact likely to be valid and that a more subtle approach is required .

Corbett , sensing he could proceed no further , decided to change tack .
corbett , sensing he could [continue] no further , decided to change tack .

Our research methodology is to proceed in stages ; this paper does not present the whole story but just the first step in the argument .
our research methodology is to [continue] in stages ; this paper does not present the whole story but just the first step in the argument .

Many workers proceed directly to examination of thin sections , but there is a great deal of information to be obtained from examining rock slices and cut faces , particularly in the case of limestones and sandstones .
many workers [continue] directly to examination of thin sections , but there is a great deal of information to be obtained from examining rock slices and cut faces , particularly in the case of limestones and sandstones .

With increase in overburden pressure , more stress is placed on the grain to grain contacts and compaction starts to proceed by chemical processes .
with increase in overburden pressure , more stress is placed on the grain to grain contacts and compaction starts to [continue] by chemical processes .

September 10th was the Saturday following Heather 's visit to Oxford and thus just when Harry would have expected her to proceed to the Skein of Geese .
september 10th was the saturday following heather 's visit to oxford and thus just when harry would have expected her to [continue] to the skein of geese .

Huy would need Merymose 's help if he were to proceed in that direction .
huy would need merymose 's help if he were to [continue] in that direction .

The subject of this investigation was mathematics teaching in primary and secondary schools in England and Wales , in the light of the mathematical needs of pupils when they proceed to further or higher education , employment and adult life generally .
the subject of this investigation was mathematics teaching in primary and secondary schools in england and wales , in the light of the mathematical needs of pupils when they [continue] to further or higher education , employment and adult life generally .

Therefore flat Minkowski space provides an inadequate description and our analysis of curved space–time will need to proceed along the lines mapped out in Chapter 3 for analysing curved space .
therefore flat minkowski space provides an inadequate description and our analysis of curved space–time will need to [continue] along the lines mapped out in chapter 3 for analysing curved space .

It can also be used when several results have already been found but people are unable to proceed further to a generalisation ; for instance , they may have failed to spot a linear relationship or a well-known number-sequence in their results .
it can also be used when several results have already been found but people are unable to [continue] further to a generalisation ; for instance , they may have failed to spot a linear relationship or a well-known number-sequence in their results .

The respondent having in June , 1882 , taken out a summons for leave to proceed on the judgment , an issue was directed to be tried between the respondent as plaintiff and the appellant as defendant whether any and what amount was on July 1 , 1882 , due upon the judgment .
the respondent having in june , 1882 , taken out a summons for leave to [continue] on the judgment , an issue was directed to be tried between the respondent as plaintiff and the appellant as defendant whether any and what amount was on july 1 , 1882 , due upon the judgment .

He was setting it up by way of defence to her application for leave to proceed on the judgment .
he was setting it up by way of defence to her application for leave to [continue] on the judgment .

Again , the boys , having valued themselves highly as pupils , apparently proceed to ‘ discount ’ the girls .
again , the boys , having valued themselves highly as pupils , apparently [continue] to ‘ discount ’ the girls .

Again , like many of the teachers contacted in the course of this study , Foggin is clear about the basic assumptions from which class reader work should proceed . The assumptions shared with the teachers contacted , were ,
again , like many of the teachers contacted in the course of this study , foggin is clear about the basic assumptions from which class reader work should [continue] . the assumptions shared with the teachers contacted , were ,

‘ Yes , Bishop Thomas does rather proceed like King Lear at times , and of course it 's tough on the family .
‘ yes , bishop thomas does rather [continue] like king lear at times , and of course it 's tough on the family .

She must proceed .
she must [continue] .

On a previous occasion when Station Lane was closed to vehicles there were problems because the contractors refused to allow pedal cycles to proceed .
on a previous occasion when station lane was closed to vehicles there were problems because the contractors refused to allow pedal cycles to [continue] .

Please would you therefore confirm in writing that cyclists , if necessary pushing their bikes , are to be treated as pedestrians and allowed to proceed .
please would you therefore confirm in writing that cyclists , if necessary pushing their bikes , are to be treated as pedestrians and allowed to [continue] .

However , the Parish Council have decided not to take up your offer and have asked me to tell you not to proceed with the work .
however , the parish council have decided not to take up your offer and have asked me to tell you not to [continue] with the work .

Several correspondents called for a brainstorming session , largely of Third World scholars , to discuss how best to proceed .
several correspondents called for a brainstorming session , largely of third world scholars , to discuss how best to [continue] .

In relation to his indecisive character , Macbeth decides that he can not commit the murder of Duncan , stating firmly , ‘ We will proceed no further in this business .
in relation to his indecisive character , macbeth decides that he can not commit the murder of duncan , stating firmly , ‘ we will [continue] no further in this business .

In deciding whether to give assistance the Commissioner may consider whether the case raises a question of principle , whether it is so complex that it would be unreasonable to expect an individual to proceed alone and whether the issue is a matter of substantial public interest .
in deciding whether to give assistance the commissioner may consider whether the case raises a question of principle , whether it is so complex that it would be unreasonable to expect an individual to [continue] alone and whether the issue is a matter of substantial public interest .

We confidently assume that the results set out here will , in their broad principles , be valid for any language ; however , because of the limitless domains that would appear on the horizon if one were to include proper exemplification from other languages , and since there is ample material to consider in English alone , the latter is the basis on which the investigation will proceed .
we confidently assume that the results set out here will , in their broad principles , be valid for any language ; however , because of the limitless domains that would appear on the horizon if one were to include proper exemplification from other languages , and since there is ample material to consider in english alone , the latter is the basis on which the investigation will [continue] .

7.3 If they touch on the point , discussions of restriction invariably proceed in a way which implies that the property of a restrictive adjective stands for a property which is to be ascribed to the entity of the noun phrase .
7.3 if they touch on the point , discussions of restriction invariably [continue] in a way which implies that the property of a restrictive adjective stands for a property which is to be ascribed to the entity of the noun phrase .

( Evans also suggests in his original diagram that some unscrupulous scientists proceed directly from nascent idea to the writing up , without carrying out the experimental phase ) .
( evans also suggests in his original diagram that some unscrupulous scientists [continue] directly from nascent idea to the writing up , without carrying out the experimental phase ) .

Others are less sanguine than Blalock , arguing that if quantification in social research is to proceed , there are some very fundamental problems to resolve first , not least describing accurately and effectively the properties of social phenomena .
others are less sanguine than blalock , arguing that if quantification in social research is to [continue] , there are some very fundamental problems to resolve first , not least describing accurately and effectively the properties of social phenomena .

The government of President Luis Alberto Lacalle claimed a clear mandate to proceed with its controversial programme to sell off state assets [ see pp .
the government of president luis alberto lacalle claimed a clear mandate to [continue] with its controversial programme to sell off state assets [ see pp .

On May 29 it was reported that the two sides had agreed a compromise , to allow the talks to proceed .
on may 29 it was reported that the two sides had agreed a compromise , to allow the talks to [continue] .

After a year of legal wrangling the trial on drugs-trafficking charges of former Panamanian leader Gen. Manuel Noriega was set to proceed on June 24 , 1991 .
after a year of legal wrangling the trial on drugs-trafficking charges of former panamanian leader gen. manuel noriega was set to [continue] on june 24 , 1991 .

The European Parliament on June 10 passed a resolution by 238 votes to 55 with 10 abstentions expressing its determination `` that the process of establishing European Union should proceed without delay `` , and the hope that `` Denmark will be in a position to return to the fold as soon as possible `` .
the european parliament on june 10 passed a resolution by 238 votes to 55 with 10 abstentions expressing its determination `` that the process of establishing european union should [continue] without delay `` , and the hope that `` denmark will be in a position to return to the fold as soon as possible `` .

The introduction of Bosnia-Hercegovina 's currency would not proceed as planned on July 1 , it was announced on June 30 .
the introduction of bosnia-hercegovina 's currency would not [continue] as planned on july 1 , it was announced on june 30 .

The Quebec government , however , warned the federal government and the English-speaking provinces that if they failed to come up with an acceptable constitutional solution , Quebec would proceed with its own independence referendum by October 1992 .
the quebec government , however , warned the federal government and the english-speaking provinces that if they failed to come up with an acceptable constitutional solution , quebec would [continue] with its own independence referendum by october 1992 .

He saw his election as a mandate to move Civic Forum to the right of the political spectrum and to proceed rapidly to a market economy .
he saw his election as a mandate to move civic forum to the right of the political spectrum and to [continue] rapidly to a market economy .

Addressing the Russian Federation Supreme Soviet , he described the compromise programme as `` an attempt to preserve the administrative-bureaucratic system `` which would `` lead the country to catastrophe `` , and accused the central authorities of deliberately sabotaging the Russian Federation 's plan to proceed with the Shatalin programme from Nov. 1 .
addressing the russian federation supreme soviet , he described the compromise programme as `` an attempt to preserve the administrative-bureaucratic system `` which would `` lead the country to catastrophe `` , and accused the central authorities of deliberately sabotaging the russian federation 's plan to [continue] with the shatalin programme from nov. 1 .

Some emergency regulations restricting political meetings and propaganda were relaxed ( except in the northern and eastern provinces ) with effect from March 29 , so that campaigning could proceed for the May 11 local elections in seven provinces .
some emergency regulations restricting political meetings and propaganda were relaxed ( except in the northern and eastern provinces ) with effect from march 29 , so that campaigning could [continue] for the may 11 local elections in seven provinces .

In exchange for Nelson 's guilty plea , the prosecution had agreed not to proceed with 15 other charges , including two of murder .
in exchange for nelson 's guilty plea , the prosecution had agreed not to [continue] with 15 other charges , including two of murder .

He said that it would proceed broadly in line with the first phase , begun in 1991 [ see p. 38479 ] .
he said that it would [continue] broadly in line with the first phase , begun in 1991 [ see p. 38479 ] .

Both conferences were to `` proceed in parallel `` with a view to their conclusion by October 1991 .
both conferences were to `` [continue] in parallel `` with a view to their conclusion by october 1991 .

Noting that the conferences opening on Dec. 15 would `` take due account of the opinions given by the European Parliament and by the Commission under Article 236 of the Treaty `` , the Council confirmed that the work would proceed in parallel , should be concluded `` rapidly and at the same time `` , and that their results would be submitted for ratification with a view to this taking place before the end of 1992 .
noting that the conferences opening on dec. 15 would `` take due account of the opinions given by the european parliament and by the commission under article 236 of the treaty `` , the council confirmed that the work would [continue] in parallel , should be concluded `` rapidly and at the same time `` , and that their results would be submitted for ratification with a view to this taking place before the end of 1992 .

In the light of the inconsistency of Clark 's evidence with previous statements by him , the prosecution on Nov. 9 stated that it would be improper to proceed , and the judge directed the jury to acquit all three defendants .
in the light of the inconsistency of clark 's evidence with previous statements by him , the prosecution on nov. 9 stated that it would be improper to [continue] , and the judge directed the jury to acquit all three defendants .

As soon as the result was announced , however , Heseltine and then Hurd conceded to Major , and despite some initial confusion as to the correct procedure it was decided not to proceed to a third ballot in which a preference system of voting would have obtained .
as soon as the result was announced , however , heseltine and then hurd conceded to major , and despite some initial confusion as to the correct procedure it was decided not to [continue] to a third ballot in which a preference system of voting would have obtained .

Although technically the reform had taken effect on Nov. 1 , Yeltsin told the Russian Federation Supreme Soviet that it was simply impossible to proceed with the Shatalin plan without co-ordinating it with the central government .
although technically the reform had taken effect on nov. 1 , yeltsin told the russian federation supreme soviet that it was simply impossible to [continue] with the shatalin plan without co-ordinating it with the central government .

Because of the likelihood that Russia 's reform could not proceed Grigory Yavlinsky , co-author of the Shatalin plan , had tendered his resignation as Russian Deputy Premier on Oct. 17 , and was relieved formally of his office on Nov. 22 .
because of the likelihood that russia 's reform could not [continue] grigory yavlinsky , co-author of the shatalin plan , had tendered his resignation as russian deputy premier on oct. 17 , and was relieved formally of his office on nov. 22 .

Lukanov insisted that the government would only proceed with the reform if there was a parliamentary consensus supporting it .
lukanov insisted that the government would only [continue] with the reform if there was a parliamentary consensus supporting it .

The Bundestag also approved a declaration obliging the government to respect a parliamentary vote in 1996 on whether to proceed to the third stage of economic and monetary union , involving the introduction of a single currency .
the bundestag also approved a declaration obliging the government to respect a parliamentary vote in 1996 on whether to [continue] to the third stage of economic and monetary union , involving the introduction of a single currency .

With so many offenders claiming mistakes in the records of the bank , it became increasingly difficult to proceed with the publication of the list of names of those involved .
with so many offenders claiming mistakes in the records of the bank , it became increasingly difficult to [continue] with the publication of the list of names of those involved .

Justice Minister Istvan Balsai declared that the legislation was intended to allow the government to proceed with the political , moral and legal compensation of those sentenced as part of the `` unlawful acts of the past regime `` .
justice minister istvan balsai declared that the legislation was intended to allow the government to [continue] with the political , moral and legal compensation of those sentenced as part of the `` unlawful acts of the past regime `` .

Both the Hungarian government and environmental activists had opposed the Czechoslovak administration 's determination to proceed with the project , following Hungary 's withdrawal in 1989 [ for February developments see p. 38777 ] .
both the hungarian government and environmental activists had opposed the czechoslovak administration 's determination to [continue] with the project , following hungary 's withdrawal in 1989 [ for february developments see p. 38777 ] .

On Feb. 15 the Supreme Court ordered the suspension of the strike for 60 days with immediate effect , to allow negotiations to proceed , but the strikers contested the ruling on procedural grounds and continued their protest .
on feb. 15 the supreme court ordered the suspension of the strike for 60 days with immediate effect , to allow negotiations to [continue] , but the strikers contested the ruling on procedural grounds and continued their protest .

In the case of an irremediable breach the landlord need only give notice of the nature of that breach and then proceed to forfeiture .
in the case of an irremediable breach the landlord need only give notice of the nature of that breach and then [continue] to forfeiture .

If the section bars the plaintiff from suing the occupier , he may still be able to proceed against the contractor , either as an occupier , or under the common law negligence rules .
if the section bars the plaintiff from suing the occupier , he may still be able to [continue] against the contractor , either as an occupier , or under the common law negligence rules .

Lord Goff stated that where the unconsciousness was temporary , the doctor may not proceed contrary to the stated interests of the patient , provided the patient was rationally capable of forming such a wish .
lord goff stated that where the unconsciousness was temporary , the doctor may not [continue] contrary to the stated interests of the patient , provided the patient was rationally capable of forming such a wish .

If the patient has been referred to a hospital or has sought emergency treatment at a hospital , then he may proceed either against the negligent individual , the relevant Health Authority , or both .
if the patient has been referred to a hospital or has sought emergency treatment at a hospital , then he may [continue] either against the negligent individual , the relevant health authority , or both .

Or take the view that this constitution is dead and proceed to elections for a Constituent Assembly which would do whatever it saw fit .
or take the view that this constitution is dead and [continue] to elections for a constituent assembly which would do whatever it saw fit .

the conduct of any matter which could proceed before any court , tribunal or inquiry , whether or not proceedings are commenced ;
the conduct of any matter which could [continue] before any court , tribunal or inquiry , whether or not proceedings are commenced ;

It is argued with ample justification that Germany , France , the Netherlands , Belgium , Luxembourg and Denmark have achieved a sufficient degree of monetary convergence that could immediately proceed to form a currency union .
it is argued with ample justification that germany , france , the netherlands , belgium , luxembourg and denmark have achieved a sufficient degree of monetary convergence that could immediately [continue] to form a currency union .

The placing of additional edges onto an Agenda means that the search can proceed depth-first , breadth-first or according to some more complicated algorithm that might , for example , take into account the scores of different hypotheses .
the placing of additional edges onto an agenda means that the search can [continue] depth-first , breadth-first or according to some more complicated algorithm that might , for example , take into account the scores of different hypotheses .

This uncertainty about lexical identity which is reflected in the acoustic scores , means that , even when a good heuristic estimate is used , an admissible algorithm will proceed breadth-first on a large front .
this uncertainty about lexical identity which is reflected in the acoustic scores , means that , even when a good heuristic estimate is used , an admissible algorithm will [continue] breadth-first on a large front .

The patent application , which concerned a piece of machinery which functioned in a certain way because of the punched cards , was allowed to proceed .
the patent application , which concerned a piece of machinery which functioned in a certain way because of the punched cards , was allowed to [continue] .

He pointed our , `` … Pr ( partner ) John Shaw is resolved to proceed along with a Mr. Wildhagen … `` They had , it appears , expended upwards of £100 to that date and Millford asked for a new lease upon Fleming Royalties in Shaw 's and Wildhagen 's names .
he pointed our , `` … pr ( partner ) john shaw is resolved to [continue] along with a mr. wildhagen … `` they had , it appears , expended upwards of £100 to that date and millford asked for a new lease upon fleming royalties in shaw 's and wildhagen 's names .

In 1585 , Lambarde wrote a long letter to Lord Burghley stating reasons for her Majesty to proceed with speed in the defense of the Low Countries .
in 1585 , lambarde wrote a long letter to lord burghley stating reasons for her majesty to [continue] with speed in the defense of the low countries .

Even if subject searches are initiated at the catalogue , it has been found that users look for a shelf number location and proceed to the shelves to continue their subject search.1536 The inadequacies of library catalogues in supporting subject access have thus been tolerable because of the open-access tradition of Anglo-American libraries , which encourages the direct shelf approach for subject searching .
even if subject searches are initiated at the catalogue , it has been found that users look for a shelf number location and [continue] to the shelves to continue their subject search.1536 the inadequacies of library catalogues in supporting subject access have thus been tolerable because of the open-access tradition of anglo-american libraries , which encourages the direct shelf approach for subject searching .

After concentrating on vocabulary for your basic living needs , you can then proceed to words which will help you become more involved with the local community , those related to simple cultural themes , and then those related to deeper cultural values .
after concentrating on vocabulary for your basic living needs , you can then [continue] to words which will help you become more involved with the local community , those related to simple cultural themes , and then those related to deeper cultural values .

During one of my later crewing spells Vincent was anchored off Burnham on Crouch when we received orders to proceed to Poole as soon as possible .
during one of my later crewing spells vincent was anchored off burnham on crouch when we received orders to [continue] to poole as soon as possible .

Many polymerizations proceed best in the presence of catalysts and in consequence the resulting material often contains catalyst residues .
many polymerizations [continue] best in the presence of catalysts and in consequence the resulting material often contains catalyst residues .

Consider a journey of n steps , each of equal length , in which the decision whether to proceed forward or back is taken at random .
consider a journey of n steps , each of equal length , in which the decision whether to [continue] forward or back is taken at random .

Recent work has shown that even a very small amount of mesenchyme grafted in combination with endoderm , will allow morphogenesis to proceed in adult recipients .
recent work has shown that even a very small amount of mesenchyme grafted in combination with endoderm , will allow morphogenesis to [continue] in adult recipients .

For example , departments which had been recommended to have more formal meetings were unable to proceed with this .
for example , departments which had been recommended to have more formal meetings were unable to [continue] with this .

Each person 's contribution is clearly laid out for the project and it can be seen how it will proceed from activity to activity .
each person 's contribution is clearly laid out for the project and it can be seen how it will [continue] from activity to activity .

Knighton is publicly sticking to the line that his offer will proceed , and that a package is being put together , but he admitted yesterday : ‘ Time is getting short .
knighton is publicly sticking to the line that his offer will [continue] , and that a package is being put together , but he admitted yesterday : ‘ time is getting short .

10,000 representatives , press and lobbyists will proceed to Blackpool for next week 's Conservative conference which begins on Monday .
10,000 representatives , press and lobbyists will [continue] to blackpool for next week 's conservative conference which begins on monday .

‘ With an auction , you 've got to be certain that at least two buyers are there who can commit themselves , and the difficulty is that buyers who can proceed are few and far between , ’ said David Phillip , a director of Yorkshire estate agents Dacre Son and Hartley .
‘ with an auction , you 've got to be certain that at least two buyers are there who can commit themselves , and the difficulty is that buyers who can [continue] are few and far between , ’ said david phillip , a director of yorkshire estate agents dacre son and hartley .

To permit things to proceed as they are is to invite further mass emigration , further disorder , and deeper isolation of East Germany among its increasingly notional ‘ fraternal socialist allies ’ .
to permit things to [continue] as they are is to invite further mass emigration , further disorder , and deeper isolation of east germany among its increasingly notional ‘ fraternal socialist allies ’ .

iii . Does evolution always proceed uphill ?
iii . does evolution always [continue] uphill ?

First , even if there were no intrinsic process of senescence , animals would die of accidents , and evolution would proceed .
first , even if there were no intrinsic process of senescence , animals would die of accidents , and evolution would [continue] .

The reactions shown on the metabolic chart would proceed very slowly , or not at all , in the absence of enzymes .
the reactions shown on the metabolic chart would [continue] very slowly , or not at all , in the absence of enzymes .

It is sufficient for the spider to follow a series of ( probably innate ) rules ; for example , ‘ if you can not proceed directly towards the prey , go to a junction and try again ' .
it is sufficient for the spider to follow a series of ( probably innate ) rules ; for example , ‘ if you can not [continue] directly towards the prey , go to a junction and try again ' .

He would proceed , he said , with his enquiries .
he would [continue] , he said , with his enquiries .

One flaw in the techniques of vertical thinking is that they proceed from the known into the unknown .
one flaw in the techniques of vertical thinking is that they [continue] from the known into the unknown .

This can take a lot of ti me as it must proceed at the person 's own pace and not fit within the time span that the helper finds convenient or thinks sufficient .
this can take a lot of ti me as it must [continue] at the person 's own pace and not fit within the time span that the helper finds convenient or thinks sufficient .

Yet another strategy is to put progress on ‘ hold ’ and stay with your current level of progress for a few weeks until you feel more accustomed to the level and better able to proceed .
yet another strategy is to put progress on ‘ hold ’ and stay with your current level of progress for a few weeks until you feel more accustomed to the level and better able to [continue] .

What begins in justifiable enthusiasm for a good end ( stopping Communist penetration of this hemisphere is a good end ) can easily overlook the need to proceed by ponderously lawful means .
what begins in justifiable enthusiasm for a good end ( stopping communist penetration of this hemisphere is a good end ) can easily overlook the need to [continue] by ponderously lawful means .

Confronted with a bronze picture , we can locate its image on the relevant computer screen and , having read its precise history , proceed to learn about tableware in general , the social system of Pompeii , and even the precise recipes of the time .
confronted with a bronze picture , we can locate its image on the relevant computer screen and , having read its precise history , [continue] to learn about tableware in general , the social system of pompeii , and even the precise recipes of the time .

The election result is a clear mandate for the Government to proceed with the reforms of the National Health Service and education .
the election result is a clear mandate for the government to [continue] with the reforms of the national health service and education .

Competitors complained that the restriction would effectively turn the race into a one-mile sprint at the end when motorcycle outriders moved from their path to allow the race to proceed at its natural pace .
competitors complained that the restriction would effectively turn the race into a one-mile sprint at the end when motorcycle outriders moved from their path to allow the race to [continue] at its natural pace .

It is an establishment which distrusts individualism , which prefers to proceed through collaboration , which looks still to the state to redress the workings of the market , to resist centripetal force which the City of London exerts .
it is an establishment which distrusts individualism , which prefers to [continue] through collaboration , which looks still to the state to redress the workings of the market , to resist centripetal force which the city of london exerts .

Mr Sharp is refusing to proceed , not least because the fees would amount to more than £80,000 for some clients .
mr sharp is refusing to [continue] , not least because the fees would amount to more than £80,000 for some clients .

‘ If Chelsea were to proceed with the ground-share as it stands , the legal position of the development would be in doubt . ’
‘ if chelsea were to [continue] with the ground-share as it stands , the legal position of the development would be in doubt . ’

If there is a case to answer , the court must proceed with a presumption of guilt .
if there is a case to answer , the court must [continue] with a presumption of guilt .

But he expresses this by saying that we ‘ can proceed no farther by reasoning than to things which must be exposed again to experience or which can be evidenced by means of some appearance ’ ; and this seems to suggest something new .
but he expresses this by saying that we ‘ can [continue] no farther by reasoning than to things which must be exposed again to experience or which can be evidenced by means of some appearance ’ ; and this seems to suggest something new .

Though they more usually refer to a later distinction of Hume 's , between ‘ relations of ideas ’ and ‘ matters of fact ’ , recent philosophers have commonly distinguished cases where we proceed , in Locke 's words , by ‘ the contemplation of our own abstract ideas ’ from those where , because there is no ‘ discoverable connection ’ between our ideas , we have to fall back on observation and experiment .
though they more usually refer to a later distinction of hume 's , between ‘ relations of ideas ’ and ‘ matters of fact ’ , recent philosophers have commonly distinguished cases where we [continue] , in locke 's words , by ‘ the contemplation of our own abstract ideas ’ from those where , because there is no ‘ discoverable connection ’ between our ideas , we have to fall back on observation and experiment .

He saw the problem of visual perception as a particular difficulty for it , and , wishing to proceed gradually , he intended the New Theory to prepare the way for the Principles .
he saw the problem of visual perception as a particular difficulty for it , and , wishing to [continue] gradually , he intended the new theory to prepare the way for the principles .

The government thought it had solved the problem by ruling that , in disputed cases , ‘ important ’ investment needed to create jobs should be allowed to proceed and that former owners would have to accept compensation .
the government thought it had solved the problem by ruling that , in disputed cases , ‘ important ’ investment needed to create jobs should be allowed to [continue] and that former owners would have to accept compensation .

These companies , and the sub-contractors on their team , will now proceed with full-scale development .
these companies , and the sub-contractors on their team , will now [continue] with full-scale development .

But the Bill provides room for manoeuvring — and perhaps an indefinite delay — by allowing the government to choose an ‘ appropriate time to proceed based on the state 's financial abilities ’ .
but the bill provides room for manoeuvring — and perhaps an indefinite delay — by allowing the government to choose an ‘ appropriate time to [continue] based on the state 's financial abilities ’ .

To proceed from the reconstruction to an assessment of probable life habits two different but complementary approaches are used .
to [continue] from the reconstruction to an assessment of probable life habits two different but complementary approaches are used .

De Gaulle 's suspicion of political parties was explicitly anti-parliamentarian : ‘ it is from the head of state , placed above parties and elected more widely than just by Parliament that executive power must proceed ’ .
de gaulle 's suspicion of political parties was explicitly anti-parliamentarian : ‘ it is from the head of state , placed above parties and elected more widely than just by parliament that executive power must [continue] ’ .

Sometimes it is necessary to wait for an incoming aircraft which might cause a slight delay before you proceed to the resort .
sometimes it is necessary to wait for an incoming aircraft which might cause a slight delay before you [continue] to the resort .

Essential new roads and improvements will still proceed , but the creation of a ‘ level playing field ’ in decision-making between rail and road will ensure some switch of passenger and freight transport to the railways .
essential new roads and improvements will still [continue] , but the creation of a ‘ level playing field ’ in decision-making between rail and road will ensure some switch of passenger and freight transport to the railways .

Before management can proceed it needs to understand the key elements in the information process .
before management can [continue] it needs to understand the key elements in the information process .

We will allow British Rail to proceed with a leasing scheme of 188 new Networker trains on the North Kent line — the first step in securing private investment to help modernise Britain 's railways and protect our environment .
we will allow british rail to [continue] with a leasing scheme of 188 new networker trains on the north kent line — the first step in securing private investment to help modernise britain 's railways and protect our environment .

However , the offer made to the colliery owners was not , according to Potter , acceptable , and the matter did not proceed further .
however , the offer made to the colliery owners was not , according to potter , acceptable , and the matter did not [continue] further .

The idea was enthusiastically received by the General Committee of the time and Laureen was asked to proceed .
the idea was enthusiastically received by the general committee of the time and laureen was asked to [continue] .

The Bike Sub-Committee was still being urged to proceed , yet a month later the subject was adjourned , only to be urged on again the month following — ‘ so long as it had a corrugated iron roof ’ , presumably a financial stringency to keep the cost down to £15 .
the bike sub-committee was still being urged to [continue] , yet a month later the subject was adjourned , only to be urged on again the month following — ‘ so long as it had a corrugated iron roof ’ , presumably a financial stringency to keep the cost down to £15 .

For the record , the Sub-Committee 's proposal was ( 1 ) to proceed to alter the clubhouse ( as per plans shown at the meeting ) in the sum of £50,000 ; and ( 2 ) finance this by overdraft and loan arrangements ( some £35,000 ) and by a £50 Bond Issue mandatory on all adult members ( £31,000 ) .
for the record , the sub-committee 's proposal was ( 1 ) to [continue] to alter the clubhouse ( as per plans shown at the meeting ) in the sum of £50,000 ; and ( 2 ) finance this by overdraft and loan arrangements ( some £35,000 ) and by a £50 bond issue mandatory on all adult members ( £31,000 ) .

Evolution thus does not proceed in a particular direction but types emerge which deal most effectively with their particular environments .
evolution thus does not [continue] in a particular direction but types emerge which deal most effectively with their particular environments .

Females inspect several nests before allowing courtship with a chosen male to proceed .
females inspect several nests before allowing courtship with a chosen male to [continue] .

If we accept the position either of the ‘ no meaning ’ theist or the ‘ no meaning ’ atheist , then the debate can not proceed any further .
if we accept the position either of the ‘ no meaning ’ theist or the ‘ no meaning ’ atheist , then the debate can not [continue] any further .

But at the same time , if there is a God , it is perfectly plausible to argue that He would desire the discussion of His existence to proceed in the argumentative , confused and doubting way in which it currently does .
but at the same time , if there is a god , it is perfectly plausible to argue that he would desire the discussion of his existence to [continue] in the argumentative , confused and doubting way in which it currently does .

Countless arguments about the existence of God proceed — or fail to proceed — in this way .
countless arguments about the existence of god [continue] — or fail to [continue] — in this way .

This way the work can proceed at your own rate , and without the problems already mentioned .
this way the work can [continue] at your own rate , and without the problems already mentioned .

At no time will the report be sent to us without your consent , but without the report we would be unable to proceed with your application .
at no time will the report be sent to us without your consent , but without the report we would be unable to [continue] with your application .

Your questions and general approach should draw out of each subordinate how they intend to proceed , giving guidance and information only where this is essential .
your questions and general approach should draw out of each subordinate how they intend to [continue] , giving guidance and information only where this is essential .

the task is so vague and ill defined that there is a strong possibility that subordinates or others will waste too much time and effort trying to decide how they should proceed .
the task is so vague and ill defined that there is a strong possibility that subordinates or others will waste too much time and effort trying to decide how they should [continue] .

Do not proceed until you have refined your aim down to a single prime objective and your message down to a single one sentence statement .
do not [continue] until you have refined your aim down to a single prime objective and your message down to a single one sentence statement .

You set the scene , as it were , for your presentation and then proceed to follow the pattern laid down .
you set the scene , as it were , for your presentation and then [continue] to follow the pattern laid down .

At no time will the report be sent to us without your consent , but without the report we would be unable to proceed with your Application .
at no time will the report be sent to us without your consent , but without the report we would be unable to [continue] with your application .

Mr Thornberry , who comes from Belfast , expressed two anxieties about the election : first , whether the technical arrangements made for the election would proceed smoothly ; second , whether the use of symbols on ballot papers to enable illiterate voters to identify the party of their choice would work satisfactorily .
mr thornberry , who comes from belfast , expressed two anxieties about the election : first , whether the technical arrangements made for the election would [continue] smoothly ; second , whether the use of symbols on ballot papers to enable illiterate voters to identify the party of their choice would work satisfactorily .

Under this pressure , all ordinary human ambivalence and doubt is outlawed : adopters become guilty or angry when the relationship does not proceed according to the fantasy or reality of ordinary parenting ; children suppress their fantasies of an alternative life with birth parents — or hold on to that fantasy all the more tenaciously — and birth mothers , in particular , are pushed into a denial of their own experience and feelings . Does Mr Baker really believe that such dishonesty and repression provide a ‘ strong family background ’ ?
under this pressure , all ordinary human ambivalence and doubt is outlawed : adopters become guilty or angry when the relationship does not [continue] according to the fantasy or reality of ordinary parenting ; children suppress their fantasies of an alternative life with birth parents — or hold on to that fantasy all the more tenaciously — and birth mothers , in particular , are pushed into a denial of their own experience and feelings . does mr baker really believe that such dishonesty and repression provide a ‘ strong family background ’ ?

This is described as the factor which ‘ means everything ’ to the decision about whether or not to proceed .
this is described as the factor which ‘ means everything ’ to the decision about whether or not to [continue] .

Allowing such appeals to proceed caused grave injustice to the successful party , who was denied the benefit of the judgment in his favour , pending the outcome of the appeal , and almost always incurred irrecoverable costs .
allowing such appeals to [continue] caused grave injustice to the successful party , who was denied the benefit of the judgment in his favour , pending the outcome of the appeal , and almost always incurred irrecoverable costs .

Extending the requirement for leave to appeal It was to be hoped that in the context of forthcoming legislation , consideration would be given to extending the requirement for leave to appeal across the board , both because there was no justification for allowing any appeal to proceed if it had no prospect of success and because the present dividing lines between those in which leave was required and those in which it was not , was quite illogical .
extending the requirement for leave to appeal it was to be hoped that in the context of forthcoming legislation , consideration would be given to extending the requirement for leave to appeal across the board , both because there was no justification for allowing any appeal to [continue] if it had no prospect of success and because the present dividing lines between those in which leave was required and those in which it was not , was quite illogical .

Exactly why he chose not to proceed will be a matter for debate in financial and footballing circles for some time .
exactly why he chose not to [continue] will be a matter for debate in financial and footballing circles for some time .

The City Take-over Panel , which has to give its blessing to the ending of the contract , could take a dim view of the decision not to proceed with a formal bid .
the city take-over panel , which has to give its blessing to the ending of the contract , could take a dim view of the decision not to [continue] with a formal bid .

The Wife ( Helen Mirren ) and her Lover ( Alan Howard ) discover their mutual hunger over the hors d'oeuvres , and proceed to reverse the cycle — they couple in the lavatory , are formally introduced in the restaurant , fall in love in the pantry and are expelled into the charnel house of a butcher 's van — the price of tasting the fruit of knowledge .
the wife ( helen mirren ) and her lover ( alan howard ) discover their mutual hunger over the hors d'oeuvres , and [continue] to reverse the cycle — they couple in the lavatory , are formally introduced in the restaurant , fall in love in the pantry and are expelled into the charnel house of a butcher 's van — the price of tasting the fruit of knowledge .

There was a pause while everyone present wondered how to proceed .
there was a pause while everyone present wondered how to [continue] .

Since art critics have these working assumptions in mind , and it is with their writing we shall be mainly concerned , we need to proceed without being distracted .
since art critics have these working assumptions in mind , and it is with their writing we shall be mainly concerned , we need to [continue] without being distracted .

Michelangelo 's works have a strong , peculiar and marked character : they seem to proceed from his own mind entirely , and that mind so rich and abundant , that he never needed , or seems to disdain , to look abroad for foreign help .
michelangelo 's works have a strong , peculiar and marked character : they seem to [continue] from his own mind entirely , and that mind so rich and abundant , that he never needed , or seems to disdain , to look abroad for foreign help .

Students do n't automatically proceed to this — it depends on the talent of the individual concerned , and of course it means that an extra year 's funds have to be found .
students do n't automatically [continue] to this — it depends on the talent of the individual concerned , and of course it means that an extra year 's funds have to be found .

The aggressive fighter is often weak on defence and generally prefers just to smother your attack so that he can proceed with his own .
the aggressive fighter is often weak on defence and generally prefers just to smother your attack so that he can [continue] with his own .

Catholic civil servants usually had to abandon any practical political project if they wished to proceed through the ranks .
catholic civil servants usually had to abandon any practical political project if they wished to [continue] through the ranks .

They are largely accessible to human reason … They oblige all , including non-Catholics , because they proceed from right reason , and not because they are taught by the Catholic Church .
they are largely accessible to human reason … they oblige all , including non-catholics , because they [continue] from right reason , and not because they are taught by the catholic church .

On the basis of privately commissioned opinion polls showing an increasing majority in favour of some measure of divorce legislation , FitzGerald agreed with his cabinet to proceed with a referendum on whether to change the constitution so as to allow divorce for marriages irretrievably broken down , though only after a period of five years ' actual breakdown and legal separation .
on the basis of privately commissioned opinion polls showing an increasing majority in favour of some measure of divorce legislation , fitzgerald agreed with his cabinet to [continue] with a referendum on whether to change the constitution so as to allow divorce for marriages irretrievably broken down , though only after a period of five years ' actual breakdown and legal separation .

‘ The Council must of course proceed on the basis of the vote , ’ he said .
‘ the council must of course [continue] on the basis of the vote , ’ he said .

But , as we saw in Chapter 5 , genetic evolution too may proceed as a series of brief spurts between stable plateaux .
but , as we saw in chapter 5 , genetic evolution too may [continue] as a series of brief spurts between stable plateaux .

How might a game involving Tit for Tat proceed ?
how might a game involving tit for tat [continue] ?

Thus you will know what your liability is and can decide whether to proceed .
thus you will know what your liability is and can decide whether to [continue] .

They wished to proceed with demolition and a public inquiry was held .
they wished to [continue] with demolition and a public inquiry was held .

Even if the Church Commissioners decide to proceed with demolition , all is not yet lost .
even if the church commissioners decide to [continue] with demolition , all is not yet lost .

As a result of the meeting and subsequent publicity , it was resolved that the council would indeed proceed with compulsory purchase , that study would be undertaken to explore new uses for the building and that English Heritage would grant substantial aid for repairs .
as a result of the meeting and subsequent publicity , it was resolved that the council would indeed [continue] with compulsory purchase , that study would be undertaken to explore new uses for the building and that english heritage would grant substantial aid for repairs .

Most churches are demolished under the pastoral Measure , but a diocese or parish may decide to proceed under faculty .
most churches are demolished under the pastoral measure , but a diocese or parish may decide to [continue] under faculty .

Unless they received an assurance , within twenty-one days , that the trustees of the church would not proceed until listed building consent had been obtained , our solicitors would seek leave of the Attorney General to bring proceedings for a declaration that listed building consent was required .
unless they received an assurance , within twenty-one days , that the trustees of the church would not [continue] until listed building consent had been obtained , our solicitors would seek leave of the attorney general to bring proceedings for a declaration that listed building consent was required .

These , if they proceed on a large scale , can have the damaging effect of taking custom away from the town centre on a substantial scale .
these , if they [continue] on a large scale , can have the damaging effect of taking custom away from the town centre on a substantial scale .

Gaunt men emerge from doorways , and proceed , swinging rolled umbrellas down the street .
gaunt men emerge from doorways , and [continue] , swinging rolled umbrellas down the street .

Still walking east , the party were aware that they were almost at the front line and had to proceed with caution .
still walking east , the party were aware that they were almost at the front line and had to [continue] with caution .

John Beishon , director of the Consumers ' Association You could argue that food difficulties proceed and contribute to the development of sexual problems … The final irony and , to me , the bitter one , is that women , the sex that eats in an irregular , disordered and joyless fashion , have a greater capacity to enjoy food than men .
john beishon , director of the consumers ' association you could argue that food difficulties [continue] and contribute to the development of sexual problems … the final irony and , to me , the bitter one , is that women , the sex that eats in an irregular , disordered and joyless fashion , have a greater capacity to enjoy food than men .

There , two national cultures were on trial , both uncertain how to proceed in both situations .
there , two national cultures were on trial , both uncertain how to [continue] in both situations .

To proceed towards a humanist and democratic ideology and government in the name of human values .
to [continue] towards a humanist and democratic ideology and government in the name of human values .

The Cabinet accepted the recommendation that a substantial British aircraft industry was required to hold off competition , and should be developed with more than just the Empire in mind ; also the premise that work on new aircraft should proceed under government direction , with the Treasury accepting responsibility for new types .
the cabinet accepted the recommendation that a substantial british aircraft industry was required to hold off competition , and should be developed with more than just the empire in mind ; also the premise that work on new aircraft should [continue] under government direction , with the treasury accepting responsibility for new types .

Exaggeration is an integral part of the Irish storytelling and myth making tradition and any tale will be followed by the remark ‘ sure that 's nothin ' ’ from an unimpressed listener who will then proceed to recall or invent an even more amazing yarn .
exaggeration is an integral part of the irish storytelling and myth making tradition and any tale will be followed by the remark ‘ sure that 's nothin ' ’ from an unimpressed listener who will then [continue] to recall or invent an even more amazing yarn .

From a personal point of view , the best interviews are the ones which become conversations , discussions which proceed on an equal basis , that are informal but still retain some kind of shape .
from a personal point of view , the best interviews are the ones which become conversations , discussions which [continue] on an equal basis , that are informal but still retain some kind of shape .

Head half right ( farmhouse ahead ) to corner of fence , then proceed alongside fence on left to stile .
head half right ( farmhouse ahead ) to corner of fence , then [continue] alongside fence on left to stile .

On reaching corner of hedge , right of way proceeds quarter left , aiming for left-hand side of small conifer plantation just in front of which cross footbridge and proceed to left of plantation to pick up track leading uphill to village of Bag Enderby ( a ) .
on reaching corner of hedge , right of way proceeds quarter left , aiming for left-hand side of small conifer plantation just in front of which cross footbridge and [continue] to left of plantation to pick up track leading uphill to village of bag enderby ( a ) .

Proceed down slope in second field to stile ahead .
[continue] down slope in second field to stile ahead .

Proceed down slope in second field to stile by electricity post , then ascend third field to gate in front of farm .
[continue] down slope in second field to stile by electricity post , then ascend third field to gate in front of farm .

Keep to left of sheds , follow left edge of two fields and proceed to road .
keep to left of sheds , follow left edge of two fields and [continue] to road .

Proceed through Tetford village , keeping left by church and right at next fork , then turn right by grassy triangle .
[continue] through tetford village , keeping left by church and right at next fork , then turn right by grassy triangle .

Proceed half right across fourth field towards another barn to reach minor road .
[continue] half right across fourth field towards another barn to reach minor road .

Go forward on track through field ; in next ( second field ) , proceed close to right edge , at end of field which is to right and beyond the hedgerow , turn right on track which leads down through gates and up left side of the third field .
go forward on track through field ; in next ( second field ) , [continue] close to right edge , at end of field which is to right and beyond the hedgerow , turn right on track which leads down through gates and up left side of the third field .

Proceed through the allotments on track towards Everdon church , turning right on the road to enter village .
[continue] through the allotments on track towards everdon church , turning right on the road to enter village .

Proceed on woodland path along inside edge of woods ignoring all left turns .
[continue] on woodland path along inside edge of woods ignoring all left turns .

In 1920 , considering ‘ the impotence of contemporary drama ’ , he had concluded that ‘ The natural evolution , for us , would be to proceed in the direction indicated by Browning ; to distil the dramatic essences , if we can , and infuse them into some other liquor .
in 1920 , considering ‘ the impotence of contemporary drama ’ , he had concluded that ‘ the natural evolution , for us , would be to [continue] in the direction indicated by browning ; to distil the dramatic essences , if we can , and infuse them into some other liquor .

the objects to which men give most preference , their ideals , proceed from the same perceptions and experiences as the objects which they most abhor , and … they were originally only distinguished from one another through slight modifications … Indeed … it is possible for the original instinctual representative to be split in two , one part undergoing repression , while the remainder , Precisely on account of this intimate connection , undergoes idealization ( xi .
the objects to which men give most preference , their ideals , [continue] from the same perceptions and experiences as the objects which they most abhor , and … they were originally only distinguished from one another through slight modifications … indeed … it is possible for the original instinctual representative to be split in two , one part undergoing repression , while the remainder , precisely on account of this intimate connection , undergoes idealization ( xi .

Despite his insistence that the deal is on schedule , it now looks certain that the offer as it currently stands will not proceed .
despite his insistence that the deal is on schedule , it now looks certain that the offer as it currently stands will not [continue] .

Third , Labour can now proceed to dismantle the block votes of the trade unions confident that these are no longer needed to keep the party sane .
third , labour can now [continue] to dismantle the block votes of the trade unions confident that these are no longer needed to keep the party sane .

Nevertheless , she was unequivocally ambitious for her students , both men and women , and unfailingly encouraged them to proceed to Tutorial Classes .
nevertheless , she was unequivocally ambitious for her students , both men and women , and unfailingly encouraged them to [continue] to tutorial classes .

The establishment of the West German state in the latter part of 1948 , enabled plans to proceed for a general election there , in August 1949 , resulting , in 139 Christian Democrats ; 131 Social Democrats and 52 Free Democrats being elected , with extreme parties winning very few seats .
the establishment of the west german state in the latter part of 1948 , enabled plans to [continue] for a general election there , in august 1949 , resulting , in 139 christian democrats ; 131 social democrats and 52 free democrats being elected , with extreme parties winning very few seats .

In any event the consequences of change as it will affect many rural communities is not fully understood and if a viable social structure is to be retained in the remote areas it will be necessary to proceed with caution .
in any event the consequences of change as it will affect many rural communities is not fully understood and if a viable social structure is to be retained in the remote areas it will be necessary to [continue] with caution .

An investigation was considered to have been concluded once a judgement had been made about whether the allegation ( s ) had been substantiated or not and decisions made about how to proceed to an outcome , for example , to close the case , offer treatment , call a case conference , etc .
an investigation was considered to have been concluded once a judgement had been made about whether the allegation ( s ) had been substantiated or not and decisions made about how to [continue] to an outcome , for example , to close the case , offer treatment , call a case conference , etc .

The New Zealand experience suggests that those who proceed with ‘ open ’ adoption are not altogether the same as those who would have done so under the more traditional approach .
the new zealand experience suggests that those who [continue] with ‘ open ’ adoption are not altogether the same as those who would have done so under the more traditional approach .

For all parts of the gybe proceed on a trial and error basis with different arcs of turn , different back foot placements and in particular changes in the timing .
for all parts of the gybe [continue] on a trial and error basis with different arcs of turn , different back foot placements and in particular changes in the timing .

Recovery position 90 ° to the wind ; lift end of boom to flick rig , then proceed as in ( a ) ; swim rig into position .
recovery position 90 ° to the wind ; lift end of boom to flick rig , then [continue] as in ( a ) ; swim rig into position .

We shall start with a description of the banking system , and then proceed to consider the types of monetary policies that have been used in recent years , and their effects .
we shall start with a description of the banking system , and then [continue] to consider the types of monetary policies that have been used in recent years , and their effects .

But he then sided with many professional and political critics of the Government 's plans , saying : ‘ Having got the legislation , it would be wise to proceed by … demonstration of success rather than trying a root-and-branch revolutionary approach .
but he then sided with many professional and political critics of the government 's plans , saying : ‘ having got the legislation , it would be wise to [continue] by … demonstration of success rather than trying a root-and-branch revolutionary approach .

British Aerospace said its advisers would have to take a detailed look at Ferranti 's books to satisfy themselves that there were no further problems before the company could proceed .
british aerospace said its advisers would have to take a detailed look at ferranti 's books to satisfy themselves that there were no further problems before the company could [continue] .

The general muddle was discussed in Chapter 6.2 ( c ) above : in principle , a person whose conduct was caused by mental disorder should not be liable to criminal conviction , but in practice the narrow and antiquated defence of insanity is rarely invoked in England ( a handful of cases each year ) , and the courts normally proceed to conviction and then select a medical disposal where appropriate .
the general muddle was discussed in chapter 6.2 ( c ) above : in principle , a person whose conduct was caused by mental disorder should not be liable to criminal conviction , but in practice the narrow and antiquated defence of insanity is rarely invoked in england ( a handful of cases each year ) , and the courts normally [continue] to conviction and then select a medical disposal where appropriate .

Esau , with all the animals Jacob has given him , can hardly proceed at a mad gallop .
esau , with all the animals jacob has given him , can hardly [continue] at a mad gallop .

There were unknown sounds of subhuman things proceeding relentlessly forward , stopping , retrenching , to proceed onward again .
there were unknown sounds of subhuman things proceeding relentlessly forward , stopping , retrenching , to [continue] onward again .

Mueller thus gained immediate planning control of world wide operations , even before he had formally received top management approval to proceed .
mueller thus gained immediate planning control of world wide operations , even before he had formally received top management approval to [continue] .

‘ Now what would be the right way to proceed ? ’ said Sir George slowly , and deliberately pompously . ‘ In your view , young man ? In yours , Miss Bailey ? ’
‘ now what would be the right way to [continue] ? ’ said sir george slowly , and deliberately pompously . ‘ in your view , young man ? in yours , miss bailey ? ’

Inquiry reaches a point of maximum tension , then can not proceed further .
inquiry reaches a point of maximum tension , then can not [continue] further .

In July , Council voted unequivocally to proceed with the much praised plans to reinstate Portland Place to its rightful role as an architecture centre based round its internationally-celebrated library and drawings collection .
in july , council voted unequivocally to [continue] with the much praised plans to reinstate portland place to its rightful role as an architecture centre based round its internationally-celebrated library and drawings collection .

For the sake of architecture , which we all believe in , it is vital that if we can not accept the decision to proceed with enthusiasm , we at least accept the decision with democratic grace .
for the sake of architecture , which we all believe in , it is vital that if we can not accept the decision to [continue] with enthusiasm , we at least accept the decision with democratic grace .

There was a quixotic suggestion that elected representatives north and south should meet to set up an alternative national parliament which would proceed to ‘ legislate ’ for the whole country .
there was a quixotic suggestion that elected representatives north and south should meet to set up an alternative national parliament which would [continue] to ‘ legislate ’ for the whole country .

Craig and other ministers were at pains afterwards to make it clear that irrespective of the likelihood of a rival parade , the march would not have been allowed to proceed through the Waterside or the walled city .
craig and other ministers were at pains afterwards to make it clear that irrespective of the likelihood of a rival parade , the march would not have been allowed to [continue] through the waterside or the walled city .

The next time you call at your local council offices to collect some forms for making a Building Regulations application , do n't be surprised if you are asked , ‘ What type of forms do you want — Full plans or Building Notice ? ’ The reason for this is that there are now two ways of getting your council 's blessing to proceed with the work you have in mind .
the next time you call at your local council offices to collect some forms for making a building regulations application , do n't be surprised if you are asked , ‘ what type of forms do you want — full plans or building notice ? ’ the reason for this is that there are now two ways of getting your council 's blessing to [continue] with the work you have in mind .

There were also closures such as the short section of electrified line between Elmers End and Sanderstead ( near Croydon ) , Coulsdon North to enable Brighton line resignalling works to proceed , and Broad Street as a prerequisite of the redevelopment of Liverpool Street .
there were also closures such as the short section of electrified line between elmers end and sanderstead ( near croydon ) , coulsdon north to enable brighton line resignalling works to [continue] , and broad street as a prerequisite of the redevelopment of liverpool street .

The other emerges when he remarks in the opening lines ‘ the regular yet halting rhythm , the smooth uncertainty of movement which may either proceed to greater regularity or fall away into improvisation ’ .
the other emerges when he remarks in the opening lines ‘ the regular yet halting rhythm , the smooth uncertainty of movement which may either [continue] to greater regularity or fall away into improvisation ’ .

Despite reports of strong objections from Peking , Mr De Silva said the government would proceed with plans to increase the number of seats in the Legislative Assembly .
despite reports of strong objections from peking , mr de silva said the government would [continue] with plans to increase the number of seats in the legislative assembly .

But in the House of Commons , when Mrs Thatcher rose on 6 June to express ‘ revulsion ’ for the massacre , she also restated her government 's intention to proceed with the handover in 1997 .
but in the house of commons , when mrs thatcher rose on 6 june to express ‘ revulsion ’ for the massacre , she also restated her government 's intention to [continue] with the handover in 1997 .

Before the massacre , he had allowed Hong Kong 's sympathies for the Peking protests to flow freely , judging that demonstrations could and should be allowed to proceed without police interference .
before the massacre , he had allowed hong kong 's sympathies for the peking protests to flow freely , judging that demonstrations could and should be allowed to [continue] without police interference .

In general , our policy should be to proceed with building our state block by block , without waiting to be given a gift of it through negotiations .
in general , our policy should be to [continue] with building our state block by block , without waiting to be given a gift of it through negotiations .

Cabinet members voted nine to three in favour of allowing prosecutions to proceed , with 10 not voting .
cabinet members voted nine to three in favour of allowing prosecutions to [continue] , with 10 not voting .

Much as we might like to , we ca n't turn the clock back on these fundamental changes , we have no choice but to proceed with all faith in the new and make it work .
much as we might like to , we ca n't turn the clock back on these fundamental changes , we have no choice but to [continue] with all faith in the new and make it work .

Although nobody really argues about what needs to be achieved , there are disagreements about how the phasing out of mental handicap hospitals should proceed .
although nobody really argues about what needs to be achieved , there are disagreements about how the phasing out of mental handicap hospitals should [continue] .

Primary prevention of this type is not really preventive ; it offers no answer to the parents at risk other than they do not proceed with their decision to have a child .
primary prevention of this type is not really preventive ; it offers no answer to the parents at risk other than they do not [continue] with their decision to have a child .

Apart from the anxiety caused by such uncertainty and the distress concerned , difficult decisions might have to be made about how to proceed .
apart from the anxiety caused by such uncertainty and the distress concerned , difficult decisions might have to be made about how to [continue] .

If parents choose to proceed on this basis , they should do so with the full understanding that they may be aborting a child capable of experiencing as full and satisfying a life as anyone else .
if parents choose to [continue] on this basis , they should do so with the full understanding that they may be aborting a child capable of experiencing as full and satisfying a life as anyone else .

One simplifying assumption has to be explained before we proceed .
one simplifying assumption has to be explained before we [continue] .

Sections 2 to 4 proceed to examine whether these limits of political authority can be extended by consent or in other ways .
sections 2 to 4 [continue] to examine whether these limits of political authority can be extended by consent or in other ways .

Before we proceed any further such doubts have to be dispelled .
before we [continue] any further such doubts have to be dispelled .

We consider it necessary … to proceed to the resolution of the nationality question .
we consider it necessary … to [continue] to the resolution of the nationality question .

One is a no-through motor road , the other an ancient cart track ; they diverge immediately and then proceed north roughly parallel and half a mile apart .
one is a no-through motor road , the other an ancient cart track ; they diverge immediately and then [continue] north roughly parallel and half a mile apart .

As the cells proceed from the stem cell to the various mature blood cell types they divide many times .
as the cells [continue] from the stem cell to the various mature blood cell types they divide many times .

It is permanently divisive , as well as educationally mean and unadventurous , to establish deliberately a kind of school within which the curriculum is so inward-looking that those who followed it could not , for example , hope to proceed to higher education or ultimately into one of the professions .
it is permanently divisive , as well as educationally mean and unadventurous , to establish deliberately a kind of school within which the curriculum is so inward-looking that those who followed it could not , for example , hope to [continue] to higher education or ultimately into one of the professions .

Time , now Henry was forty , did not proceed in the way it had previously done .
time , now henry was forty , did not [continue] in the way it had previously done .

Sandison was not surprised by this but he was at a loss as to how to proceed . Maidstone offered a way :
sandison was not surprised by this but he was at a loss as to how to [continue] . maidstone offered a way :

The report is expensive and can not be sold to another buyer if you decide not to proceed .
the report is expensive and can not be sold to another buyer if you decide not to [continue] .

As both emphasize , moral education can not proceed effectively in an economically unjust society .
as both emphasize , moral education can not [continue] effectively in an economically unjust society .

If your offer is acceptable then you proceed by applying for a mortgage and informing your appointed solicitor or conveyancing agent of the details of the purchase , so that he or she can then make formal overtures to the vendor 's solicitors .
if your offer is acceptable then you [continue] by applying for a mortgage and informing your appointed solicitor or conveyancing agent of the details of the purchase , so that he or she can then make formal overtures to the vendor 's solicitors .

If the pre-contract enquiries and the local search are satisfactory then you can proceed to sign the contract and pay a deposit .
if the pre-contract enquiries and the local search are satisfactory then you can [continue] to sign the contract and pay a deposit .

At 11.00am on 6 June , a procession will proceed from St Mary 's Church Hall to Whitefriars featuring the Lord Mayor and councillors , descendants of Civil War figures and members of the English Civil War Society .
at 11.00am on 6 june , a procession will [continue] from st mary 's church hall to whitefriars featuring the lord mayor and councillors , descendants of civil war figures and members of the english civil war society .

He has the financing to produce his 172 ‘ clone ’ , but will not proceed if Cessna resumes production of the Skyhawk or a derivative .
he has the financing to produce his 172 ‘ clone ’ , but will not [continue] if cessna resumes production of the skyhawk or a derivative .

Organisers Editions Larivière says it made the decision not to proceed ‘ for its own reasons ’ .
organisers editions larivière says it made the decision not to [continue] ‘ for its own reasons ’ .

Unless needs are clearly identified , it is difficult to proceed to the next stage in the ‘ training cycle ’ : planning a programme to ensure that effective use is made of available resources .
unless needs are clearly identified , it is difficult to [continue] to the next stage in the ‘ training cycle ’ : planning a programme to ensure that effective use is made of available resources .

‘ Staff members interested in attending courses apply first to chief librarian , then proceed to personnel department ’ … ‘ By a desire by staff themselves to attend courses that interest them , enthusiasm is the best form of staff training ’ .
‘ staff members interested in attending courses apply first to chief librarian , then [continue] to personnel department ’ … ‘ by a desire by staff themselves to attend courses that interest them , enthusiasm is the best form of staff training ’ .

Unfortunately many couples make that pledge and then proceed to deal with their finances in a very ‘ his and hers ’ mode .
unfortunately many couples make that pledge and then [continue] to deal with their finances in a very ‘ his and hers ’ mode .

But those who received this education did so in the German language , and those who made no progress in German could proceed no further than elementary school .
but those who received this education did so in the german language , and those who made no progress in german could [continue] no further than elementary school .

In Danzig it was not possible for the Nazis to proceed as they had in the Reich .
in danzig it was not possible for the nazis to [continue] as they had in the reich .

The Nazis also needed a mandate to proceed with their policies .
the nazis also needed a mandate to [continue] with their policies .

This tends to come as a bit of a shock and explanation is required , to wit : there is absolutely no point in persisting in salaried employment when taxes are rising to 59 per cent and beyond , and interest rates are equally upwardly mobile . The smart move is to proceed according to Mr Punch 's exclusive eight-point plan , as follows …
this tends to come as a bit of a shock and explanation is required , to wit : there is absolutely no point in persisting in salaried employment when taxes are rising to 59 per cent and beyond , and interest rates are equally upwardly mobile . the smart move is to [continue] according to mr punch 's exclusive eight-point plan , as follows …

Then proceed to sweep over the entire body from head to toes .
then [continue] to sweep over the entire body from head to toes .

The first days of the war saw the Saltash Territorials ordered to break up camp at Exeter and proceed to Falmouth .
the first days of the war saw the saltash territorials ordered to break up camp at exeter and [continue] to falmouth .

The Attorney-General may proceed in the High Court for an Order to prevent the local authority carrying out its intended unlawful act .
the attorney-general may [continue] in the high court for an order to prevent the local authority carrying out its intended unlawful act .

There is a degree of self-selection in this process when some recruits choose not to proceed as they become more familiar with what will be expected of them .
there is a degree of self-selection in this process when some recruits choose not to [continue] as they become more familiar with what will be expected of them .

Nevertheless , you should once again proceed with caution if you wish to make any claims on the basis that you have been dismissed .
nevertheless , you should once again [continue] with caution if you wish to make any claims on the basis that you have been dismissed .

Atherosclerosis appears to proceed at a more rapid rate and is more extensive in the diabetic ( Crall & Roberts , 1978 ) , but the process does not differ in its morphological appearance nor in its anatomical distribution compared to the non-diabetic ( Strandness et al , 1964 ; Robertson & Strong , 1968 ) .
atherosclerosis appears to [continue] at a more rapid rate and is more extensive in the diabetic ( crall & roberts , 1978 ) , but the process does not differ in its morphological appearance nor in its anatomical distribution compared to the non-diabetic ( strandness et al , 1964 ; robertson & strong , 1968 ) .

These authors postulate that in as yet an unexplained way it is the accumulation of these lipid-laden foam cells in the sub-endothelium that damage the endothelium , thus allowing the subsequent developments in the formation of the atheromatous plaque to proceed .
these authors postulate that in as yet an unexplained way it is the accumulation of these lipid-laden foam cells in the sub-endothelium that damage the endothelium , thus allowing the subsequent developments in the formation of the atheromatous plaque to [continue] .

However , the size of the database resulted in some confusion as to the best way to proceed with the enquiry , and the next few stages were undertaken on a trial and error basis .
however , the size of the database resulted in some confusion as to the best way to [continue] with the enquiry , and the next few stages were undertaken on a trial and error basis .

Matzner and Tipler proceed to investigate the properties of the null hypersurfaces v = constant , working with the null Minkowski coordinates .
matzner and tipler [continue] to investigate the properties of the null hypersurfaces v = constant , working with the null minkowski coordinates .

Some techniques , such as cost analysis and cost minimisation analysis , proceed on the basis that the alternatives under consideration have been shown to be equivalent in effectiveness .
some techniques , such as cost analysis and cost minimisation analysis , [continue] on the basis that the alternatives under consideration have been shown to be equivalent in effectiveness .

The question is whether the jurists thought it appropriate to proceed differently in either case .
the question is whether the jurists thought it appropriate to [continue] differently in either case .

So long as he was successful in that action too , a further thirty days later he was authorized to proceed to execution .
so long as he was successful in that action too , a further thirty days later he was authorized to [continue] to execution .

He might proceed against the judgment debtor in person ; or against his property .
he might [continue] against the judgment debtor in person ; or against his property .

For the first time Aranyos seemed uncertain how to proceed , sucking his lip thoughtfully for several seconds before continuing , ‘ It involves looking into a curious business which could prove to be a complete dead end , namely an attack on a girl in the Bauernmarkt last Saturday evening .
for the first time aranyos seemed uncertain how to [continue] , sucking his lip thoughtfully for several seconds before continuing , ‘ it involves looking into a curious business which could prove to be a complete dead end , namely an attack on a girl in the bauernmarkt last saturday evening .

‘ Proceed yonder .
‘ [continue] yonder .

Proceed as in ‘ Deleting files ’ above
[continue] as in ‘ deleting files ’ above

It would be like returning to resit an examination in which we have not done well enough to proceed to another level of our education .
it would be like returning to resit an examination in which we have not done well enough to [continue] to another level of our education .

Work here , we are told , should proceed ‘ on the basis of the information currently available , with modifications being made as necessary , as further details emerge .
work here , we are told , should [continue] ‘ on the basis of the information currently available , with modifications being made as necessary , as further details emerge .

There are certainly virtues in regularity , but the ‘ weekly session ’ procedure is not necessarily the best way to proceed .
there are certainly virtues in regularity , but the ‘ weekly session ’ procedure is not necessarily the best way to [continue] .

Eight people each with different views who fail to cohere or who simply proceed by letting the majority view prevail ( as in voting ) are a group ( ie a collection of individuals ) not a team .
eight people each with different views who fail to cohere or who simply [continue] by letting the majority view prevail ( as in voting ) are a group ( ie a collection of individuals ) not a team .

Always enquire whether or not it is convenient to proceed .
always enquire whether or not it is convenient to [continue] .

It tends to proceed by a process of analogy .
it tends to [continue] by a process of analogy .

Available resources will affect the speed at which it will be possible to proceed .
available resources will affect the speed at which it will be possible to [continue] .

In future , some governing bodies and their LEAs may wish to proceed on a more rational basis .
in future , some governing bodies and their leas may wish to [continue] on a more rational basis .

Equally , where it is clear that Article 85 and/or Article 86 apply , and there is no possibility that the Commission will grant an exemption from Article 85 , the national court may proceed to rule on the matter .
equally , where it is clear that article 85 and/or article 86 apply , and there is no possibility that the commission will grant an exemption from article 85 , the national court may [continue] to rule on the matter .

The stated aim of the Commission is to create a homogeneous market in takeovers , with adequate and equal safeguards for individual investors , and to ensure that all players in a takeover act fairly and proceed on an equal basis .
the stated aim of the commission is to create a homogeneous market in takeovers , with adequate and equal safeguards for individual investors , and to ensure that all players in a takeover act fairly and [continue] on an equal basis .

If the revised bid is unattractive , it may not be accepted , and since the minimum number of shares stipulated in the offer document will not be acquired , the takeover will not proceed .
if the revised bid is unattractive , it may not be accepted , and since the minimum number of shares stipulated in the offer document will not be acquired , the takeover will not [continue] .

‘ We do n't know what we 're up against , ’ Delaney said , ‘ so let's proceed with maximum caution . ’
‘ we do n't know what we 're up against , ’ delaney said , ‘ so let's [continue] with maximum caution . ’

Confronted with the need to proceed ,
confronted with the need to [continue] ,

It is also rather embarrassing to stop dead on a hack and be unable to proceed further .
it is also rather embarrassing to stop dead on a hack and be unable to [continue] further .

After the ceremony and the signing of the register , the party will proceed outside for photographs .
after the ceremony and the signing of the register , the party will [continue] outside for photographs .

They speed up the rates of interconversions of compounds that would otherwise proceed too slowly to be useful .
they speed up the rates of interconversions of compounds that would otherwise [continue] too slowly to be useful .

But it has happened and where the park committee wishes to press its objection , the Secretary of State for Agriculture ( or Wales ) must then decide whether a grant is to be paid ( the farmer is of course free to proceed without any grant aid if he wishes ) .
but it has happened and where the park committee wishes to press its objection , the secretary of state for agriculture ( or wales ) must then decide whether a grant is to be paid ( the farmer is of course free to [continue] without any grant aid if he wishes ) .

The silicon ingots are highly perfect single crystals and on the atomic scale the cutting has to proceed through breaking bonds .
the silicon ingots are highly perfect single crystals and on the atomic scale the cutting has to [continue] through breaking bonds .

In effect , the requirement of the last paragraph is a requirement that visitors to museums should be initiated along a path of learning , and should be given enough information ( for example by means of captions , or via supplementary information in , say , the museum guidebook ) to enable them to proceed further , if they so desire , in a reasonably sensible and efficient way .
in effect , the requirement of the last paragraph is a requirement that visitors to museums should be initiated along a path of learning , and should be given enough information ( for example by means of captions , or via supplementary information in , say , the museum guidebook ) to enable them to [continue] further , if they so desire , in a reasonably sensible and efficient way .

So how did the Chief Scientist proceed ?
so how did the chief scientist [continue] ?

But if this proves impossible , we will proceed with the deployment of cruise missiles in this country — reluctantly but firmly .
but if this proves impossible , we will [continue] with the deployment of cruise missiles in this country — reluctantly but firmly .

The act of piracy can then proceed ; the viral proteins and genes exploit the raw materials and enzymes of the cell to manufacture more viruses .
the act of piracy can then [continue] ; the viral proteins and genes exploit the raw materials and enzymes of the cell to manufacture more viruses .

Mining companies all over the world set up consortia to study ways of mining the manganese nodules on the floor of the deep oceans , but have been unwilling to proceed until the world can agree on laws to cover deep sea mining .
mining companies all over the world set up consortia to study ways of mining the manganese nodules on the floor of the deep oceans , but have been unwilling to [continue] until the world can agree on laws to cover deep sea mining .

In fact what is proposed by Mr Ceravolo in his report to the Parliament is the setting of a timetable for the elimination of lead from petrol and it is likely that this will be on the agenda of the Council of Ministers in June and it is to be hoped that the Council will then call on the Commission to proceed to a new directive on the matter to replace the existing one which determines the 0.15 minimum level .
in fact what is proposed by mr ceravolo in his report to the parliament is the setting of a timetable for the elimination of lead from petrol and it is likely that this will be on the agenda of the council of ministers in june and it is to be hoped that the council will then call on the commission to [continue] to a new directive on the matter to replace the existing one which determines the 0.15 minimum level .

They rush from the water , fling themselves down on the beach and proceed to roll around in agony , screaming and frothing at the mouth .
they rush from the water , fling themselves down on the beach and [continue] to roll around in agony , screaming and frothing at the mouth .

The expertise of specialist planning consultants can never be replaced by the generalist , particularly where complex projects such as town centre schemes and developments which may proceed to a major planning inquiry are involved .
the expertise of specialist planning consultants can never be replaced by the generalist , particularly where complex projects such as town centre schemes and developments which may [continue] to a major planning inquiry are involved .

The essence of Luxemburg 's critique is that for accumulation to proceed there must be a third market , that is , petty commodity production , feudal economy , etc .
the essence of luxemburg 's critique is that for accumulation to [continue] there must be a third market , that is , petty commodity production , feudal economy , etc .

Capitalist economy was not built as the result of an overall , collective , decision ; no one nor one group sat down and said ‘ we shall now proceed to build capitalism .
capitalist economy was not built as the result of an overall , collective , decision ; no one nor one group sat down and said ‘ we shall now [continue] to build capitalism .

Bukharin realised , just as well as Preobrazhensky , that there would have to be a transfer of resources to industry if industrialisation was to proceed .
bukharin realised , just as well as preobrazhensky , that there would have to be a transfer of resources to industry if industrialisation was to [continue] .

Bukharin was warning that there should not be such a fundamental revision of policies as would mean a return to the arbitrary and commandist methods of ‘ war communism ’ , This meant that , for Bukharin , industrialisation should proceed within the established framework .
bukharin was warning that there should not be such a fundamental revision of policies as would mean a return to the arbitrary and commandist methods of ‘ war communism ’ , this meant that , for bukharin , industrialisation should [continue] within the established framework .

With respect to the correlation between the development of heavy and light industry we must again proceed from the optimum combination of both factors .
with respect to the correlation between the development of heavy and light industry we must again [continue] from the optimum combination of both factors .

The first phase will begin at the Horse and Groom end of the street in the coming financial year and later works will proceed when finance and opportunities permit .
the first phase will begin at the horse and groom end of the street in the coming financial year and later works will [continue] when finance and opportunities permit .

But even here the story does not end , for after fifteen or twenty years , the urge to breed and migrate once again comes upon them and down to the river mouths they proceed , slithering over wet meadows by night until they reach the greater river , lying up by day in damp holes , enough water remaining in their gills to enable them to breath .
but even here the story does not end , for after fifteen or twenty years , the urge to breed and migrate once again comes upon them and down to the river mouths they [continue] , slithering over wet meadows by night until they reach the greater river , lying up by day in damp holes , enough water remaining in their gills to enable them to breath .

The scientific step-by-step approach is not the only way to proceed : to flow with creative and fruitful ideas is just as valid , and it does n't matter that some ideas fail to meet orthodox criteria .
the scientific step-by-step approach is not the only way to [continue] : to flow with creative and fruitful ideas is just as valid , and it does n't matter that some ideas fail to meet orthodox criteria .

Crucially , it was within 100 miles ( 160km ) of London and the owner , Pauline Flick , was willing to allow the programme to proceed , and to occupy the hut on the site .
crucially , it was within 100 miles ( 160km ) of london and the owner , pauline flick , was willing to allow the programme to [continue] , and to occupy the hut on the site .

The physical monitoring started with very little clear idea of how to proceed .
the physical monitoring started with very little clear idea of how to [continue] .

Students may complete the course at diploma level , and if they attain a satisfactory standard in the diploma examinations , they may proceed to the masters ' course .
students may complete the course at diploma level , and if they attain a satisfactory standard in the diploma examinations , they may [continue] to the masters ' course .

Students who proceed to prepare a dissertation are allocated a supervisor , who is usually a member of the teaching staff on the course .
students who [continue] to prepare a dissertation are allocated a supervisor , who is usually a member of the teaching staff on the course .

This translation is tedious but essential work , as the nurse and the team must both know in which direction they are to proceed .
this translation is tedious but essential work , as the nurse and the team must both know in which direction they are to [continue] .

Programmed instruction allows the learner to set his own pace , and proceed to the next block of work only when the previous block has been fully mastered .
programmed instruction allows the learner to set his own pace , and [continue] to the next block of work only when the previous block has been fully mastered .

For students who proceed to the MEng the course is five years long .
for students who [continue] to the meng the course is five years long .

Description of the types of patients for whom this might be indicated , and guidance on how to proceed were provided in Chapter 4 ( p. 75 ) .
description of the types of patients for whom this might be indicated , and guidance on how to [continue] were provided in chapter 4 ( p. 75 ) .

One of the arguments we will examine below is the view that the police use this discretion , this freedom to decide when to proceed and when not to , to favour ‘ respectable ’ and middle-class individuals rather than working-class individuals .
one of the arguments we will examine below is the view that the police use this discretion , this freedom to decide when to [continue] and when not to , to favour ‘ respectable ’ and middle-class individuals rather than working-class individuals .

The principal obstacles to its success were : the economic climate in which the Geddes Report emphasized the low priority of education when financial restraint was inevitable ; the less than enthusiastic response from numerous LEAs in submitting their schemes ( they were allowed to proceed at their own pace without a universal appointed day ) ; the beginning of opposition from the National Union of Teachers and the labour movement in favour of ‘ Secondary Education for All ’ and a school-leaving age of 15 ; and , perhaps most significantly , the opposition of large sections of industry , including the Federation of British Industries .
the principal obstacles to its success were : the economic climate in which the geddes report emphasized the low priority of education when financial restraint was inevitable ; the less than enthusiastic response from numerous leas in submitting their schemes ( they were allowed to [continue] at their own pace without a universal appointed day ) ; the beginning of opposition from the national union of teachers and the labour movement in favour of ‘ secondary education for all ’ and a school-leaving age of 15 ; and , perhaps most significantly , the opposition of large sections of industry , including the federation of british industries .

But no compulsion can secure that it will proceed along those lines … it can only be supplied with the knowledge and training which may guide it to seek its own solution in the better state with higher ideals .
but no compulsion can secure that it will [continue] along those lines … it can only be supplied with the knowledge and training which may guide it to seek its own solution in the better state with higher ideals .

It had to proceed through persuasion and encouragement — a difficult process with public-sector bodies , but almost impossible with major companies .
it had to [continue] through persuasion and encouragement — a difficult process with public-sector bodies , but almost impossible with major companies .

In the past few years the appeal system has been successfully used to overcome the resistance of reluctant local authorities , and development has tended to proceed on an ad hoc basis with new centres sited where developers can acquire land easily rather than on the basis of any strategic plan .
in the past few years the appeal system has been successfully used to overcome the resistance of reluctant local authorities , and development has tended to [continue] on an ad hoc basis with new centres sited where developers can acquire land easily rather than on the basis of any strategic plan .

In trying to unbend curvy lines , there is another way of deciding how to proceed on the ladder of powers .
in trying to unbend curvy lines , there is another way of deciding how to [continue] on the ladder of powers .

It seems worth stating at the outset that there are two ways geographical research in this general area can proceed .
it seems worth stating at the outset that there are two ways geographical research in this general area can [continue] .

Scott prepared a plan showing the relationship between the Foreign Office and the India Office which he sent to the Office of Works , who then on 17th January , 1859 instructed him to proceed with detailed drawings and prepare an approximate estimate of the cost of the new Foreign Office .
scott prepared a plan showing the relationship between the foreign office and the india office which he sent to the office of works , who then on 17th january , 1859 instructed him to [continue] with detailed drawings and prepare an approximate estimate of the cost of the new foreign office .

Scott 's instructions to proceed with working drawings followed on 17th March with a request for a list of builders willing to tender for the work .
scott 's instructions to [continue] with working drawings followed on 17th march with a request for a list of builders willing to tender for the work .

Eight days later , Scott received an official letter approving the design of the India Office and instructing him to proceed with the working drawings .
eight days later , scott received an official letter approving the design of the india office and instructing him to [continue] with the working drawings .

They often spend as much or more time on the details of how a game should proceed as they do playing the game itself !
they often spend as much or more time on the details of how a game should [continue] as they do playing the game itself !

A nation must proceed collectively to find redemption .
a nation must [continue] collectively to find redemption .

I suggest that we proceed and listen , sentence by sentence , phrase by phrase , to these words heard so often .
i suggest that we [continue] and listen , sentence by sentence , phrase by phrase , to these words heard so often .

How should economic theory proceed ?
how should economic theory [continue] ?

I shall proceed in steps .
i shall [continue] in steps .

From here it ’ s all up : through the charming hillside village of Saint-Claude , with its upper-income homes , and on toward the summit — or as far as the gendarmes are allowing traffic to proceed that day .
from here it ’ s all up : through the charming hillside village of saint-claude , with its upper-income homes , and on toward the summit — or as far as the gendarmes are allowing traffic to [continue] that day .

You may not proceed further than this , for at the far end of the oratory are the naijin ( inner chamber ) and nai-naijin ( innermost chamber ) , where the spirit of Ieyasu is enshrined .
you may not [continue] further than this , for at the far end of the oratory are the naijin ( inner chamber ) and nai-naijin ( innermost chamber ) , where the spirit of ieyasu is enshrined .

Enter on the south side and proceed through an ornamented gopuram gate-tower characteristic of south Indian architecture .
enter on the south side and [continue] through an ornamented gopuram gate-tower characteristic of south indian architecture .

Armed with canes decorated with bunches of rosemary , the participants proceed on foot to the monastery , where they venerate the Holy Face cloth that , according to tradition , retained the bloodstained image of Jesus ’ face after Saint Veronica used it to wipe his brow as he went to Calvary .
armed with canes decorated with bunches of rosemary , the participants [continue] on foot to the monastery , where they venerate the holy face cloth that , according to tradition , retained the bloodstained image of jesus ’ face after saint veronica used it to wipe his brow as he went to calvary .

Take a left and proceed to Route 191 ; then turn right and head up toward El Yunque ( the Anvil ) , the most famous mountain in Puerto Rico .
take a left and [continue] to route 191 ; then turn right and head up toward el yunque ( the anvil ) , the most famous mountain in puerto rico .

Those wishing to speak to the attorneys are allowed up to 20 minutes to discuss their cases and receive advice on how to proceed .
those wishing to speak to the attorneys are allowed up to 20 minutes to discuss their cases and receive advice on how to [continue] .

Most of the people attending the most recent session said they were simply looking for advice on whether they have a legal case and how to proceed from here .
most of the people attending the most recent session said they were simply looking for advice on whether they have a legal case and how to [continue] from here .

After the employees had evacuated , they were told that they were participating in a test , that they were to assume that a bomb had actually destroyed their workplace , and to proceed with emergency recovery plans .
after the employees had evacuated , they were told that they were participating in a test , that they were to assume that a bomb had actually destroyed their workplace , and to [continue] with emergency recovery plans .

See section 9 for how to proceed .
see section 9 for how to [continue] .

Congressional requesters should not expect GAO to proceed with the request or provide additional services until GAO has informed each requester that it will accept the request .
congressional requesters should not expect gao to [continue] with the request or provide additional services until gao has informed each requester that it will accept the request .

Once the requester and GAO have agreed to proceed with the request , GAO will provide the following to the requester :
once the requester and gao have agreed to [continue] with the request , gao will provide the following to the requester :

It also lacks a decision review to proceed from the integration phase to the demonstration phase of product development .
it also lacks a decision review to [continue] from the integration phase to the demonstration phase of product development .

To proceed without completing the required demonstrations should require approval by the decision authority .
to [continue] without completing the required demonstrations should require approval by the decision authority .

After the employees had evacuated , they were told that they were participating in a test , that they were to assume that a bomb had actually destroyed their workplace , and to proceed with emergency recovery plans .
after the employees had evacuated , they were told that they were participating in a test , that they were to assume that a bomb had actually destroyed their workplace , and to [continue] with emergency recovery plans .

Our approaches are not the only way for agencies to proceed , but they can help others identify ways to address their individual human capital challenges .
our approaches are not the only way for agencies to [continue] , but they can help others identify ways to address their individual human capital challenges .

Such equipment procurement may proceed in parallel with construction phase activities , so that the owner ultimately is able to furnish longleadtime equipment to the construction contractor in a timely manner , thus avoiding construction delays attributable to late equipment delivery .
such equipment procurement may [continue] in parallel with construction phase activities , so that the owner ultimately is able to furnish longleadtime equipment to the construction contractor in a timely manner , thus avoiding construction delays attributable to late equipment delivery .

During the tactical facility acquisition phase , inhouse facility engineering staff should be capable of providing the overall process leadership , ensuring that all activities proceed in the best interest of the owner .
during the tactical facility acquisition phase , inhouse facility engineering staff should be capable of providing the overall process leadership , ensuring that all activities [continue] in the best interest of the owner .

Theme analysis also can proceed in matrix fashion .
theme analysis also can [continue] in matrix fashion .

Realistically , reforms to address Medicare 's huge long-range financial imbalance will need to proceed incrementally .
realistically , reforms to address medicare 's huge long-range financial imbalance will need to [continue] incrementally .

The organization identified the joint project as a good opportunity to save on costs , share information , and reduce redundancy and errors by making it possible to enter new offender information only once as subjects proceed through the criminal justice process .
the organization identified the joint project as a good opportunity to save on costs , share information , and reduce redundancy and errors by making it possible to enter new offender information only once as subjects [continue] through the criminal justice process .

If the Vice Presidents for Administration and Programs do not agree with the position of the recipient , then LSC will so notify the recipient in writing and OCE will proceed with the review .
if the vice presidents for administration and programs do not agree with the position of the recipient , then lsc will so notify the recipient in writing and oce will [continue] with the review .

If the Vice President for Programs determines that LSC should proceed to take action affecting the recipient , it shall notify the recipient in writing of the action that is proposed .
if the vice president for programs determines that lsc should [continue] to take action affecting the recipient , it shall notify the recipient in writing of the action that is proposed .

If the action involves suspension or termination of funding , LSC will proceed in a manner consistent with Parts 1606 or 1623 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations .
if the action involves suspension or termination of funding , lsc will [continue] in a manner consistent with parts 1606 or 1623 of title 45 of the code of federal regulations .

If the recipient requests such a face-to-face meeting , the Vice President for Programs would convene such a meeting and make a recommendation to LSC 's President as to how LSC should proceed .
if the recipient requests such a face-to-face meeting , the vice president for programs would convene such a meeting and make a recommendation to lsc 's president as to how lsc should [continue] .

A comparison is then made of the heterogeneity in delivery costs for France and the U.S. We proceed to explore the relative roles of postal density and volume as delivery cost drivers .
a comparison is then made of the heterogeneity in delivery costs for france and the u.s. we [continue] to explore the relative roles of postal density and volume as delivery cost drivers .

Addresses in the most rural areas of France are much closer together than in the equivalent areas of the U.S. A French carrier must , however , turn into the farmer 's driveway and proceed to the dwelling .
addresses in the most rural areas of france are much closer together than in the equivalent areas of the u.s. a french carrier must , however , turn into the farmer 's driveway and [continue] to the dwelling .

Once there , he or she must alight from the vehicle and proceed to the mailbox , then return to the vehicle , turn it around and proceed to the road .
once there , he or she must alight from the vehicle and [continue] to the mailbox , then return to the vehicle , turn it around and [continue] to the road .

Because it is easier to think about , the discussion will proceed as though the discount were being increased , so that there is more worksharing .
because it is easier to think about , the discussion will [continue] as though the discount were being increased , so that there is more worksharing .

It must read the mail , look up the ZIP Code for the address , spray on the barcode , and proceed to do the sorting , probably to the five digit level .
it must read the mail , look up the zip code for the address , spray on the barcode , and [continue] to do the sorting , probably to the five digit level .

Bin Ladin told Binalshibh to instruct Atta and the others to focus on their security and that of the operation , and to advise Atta to proceed as planned with the targets discussed before Atta left Afghanistan in early 2000-the World Trade Center , the Pentagon , the White House , and the Capitol .
bin ladin told binalshibh to instruct atta and the others to focus on their security and that of the operation , and to advise atta to [continue] as planned with the targets discussed before atta left afghanistan in early 2000-the world trade center , the pentagon , the white house , and the capitol .

He wanted the planes operation to proceed as soon as possible .
he wanted the planes operation to [continue] as soon as possible .

The standard procedure for fire drills was for fire wardens to lead co-workers in their respective areas to the center of the floor , where they would use the emergency intercom phone to obtain specific information on how to proceed .
the standard procedure for fire drills was for fire wardens to lead co-workers in their respective areas to the center of the floor , where they would use the emergency intercom phone to obtain specific information on how to [continue] .

Feeling satisfied with the scope of the operation in the Marriott , the chief in the lobby there directed some units to proceed to what he thought was the SouthTower .
feeling satisfied with the scope of the operation in the marriott , the chief in the lobby there directed some units to [continue] to what he thought was the southtower .

He then directed that the FDNY command post be moved further north on West Street and told FDNY units in the area to proceed north on West Street toward Chambers Street .
he then directed that the fdny command post be moved further north on west street and told fdny units in the area to [continue] north on west street toward chambers street .

The former UNOCAL chief for the pipeline project , Marty Miller , denied working exclusively with the Taliban and told us that his company sought to work with all Afghan factions to bring about the necessary stability to proceed with the project .
the former unocal chief for the pipeline project , marty miller , denied working exclusively with the taliban and told us that his company sought to work with all afghan factions to bring about the necessary stability to [continue] with the project .

No one in the Pentagon , so far as we know , advised the CIA or the White House not to proceed .
no one in the pentagon , so far as we know , advised the cia or the white house not to [continue] .

Impressions vary as to who actually decided not to proceed with the operation .
impressions vary as to who actually decided not to [continue] with the operation .

After giving Clarke a briefing and being encouraged to proceed , Shelton formally directed Zinni and General Peter Schoomaker , who headed the Special Operations Command , to develop plans for an AC-130 mission against Bin Ladin 's headquarters and infrastructure in Afghanistan .
after giving clarke a briefing and being encouraged to [continue] , shelton formally directed zinni and general peter schoomaker , who headed the special operations command , to develop plans for an ac-130 mission against bin ladin 's headquarters and infrastructure in afghanistan .

If the United States wanted to `` roll back '' the threat , disruption would have to proceed at `` a markedly different tempo . ''
if the united states wanted to `` roll back '' the threat , disruption would have to [continue] at `` a markedly different tempo . ''

According to KSM , they were to use Yemeni documents to fly to Malaysia , then proceed to the United States using their Saudi passports to conceal their prior travels to and from Pakistan .
according to ksm , they were to use yemeni documents to fly to malaysia , then [continue] to the united states using their saudi passports to conceal their prior travels to and from pakistan .

Both the mission commander and the senior weapons director indicated they did not pass the order to the fighters circling Washington and New York because they were unsure how the pilots would , or should , proceed with this guidance .
both the mission commander and the senior weapons director indicated they did not pass the order to the fighters circling washington and new york because they were unsure how the pilots would , or should , [continue] with this guidance .

Like Gavrilets , they offer a number of novel ideas or suggestions about how to proceed .
like gavrilets , they offer a number of novel ideas or suggestions about how to [continue] .

The debate to improve the status quo—be it in pharmaceutical marketing or managed-care decision making— can not proceed or flourish without it .
the debate to improve the status quo—be it in pharmaceutical marketing or managed-care decision making— can not [continue] or flourish without it .

There is another possibility , one that can cause the speciation between the two populations to proceed .
there is another possibility , one that can cause the speciation between the two populations to [continue] .

The Present To see how the interactions of biology and mathematics may proceed in the future , it is helpful to map the present landscapes of biology and applied mathematics .
the present to see how the interactions of biology and mathematics may [continue] in the future , it is helpful to map the present landscapes of biology and applied mathematics .

They lock Ripley in a futuristic gothic cage and proceed with their hopeful experiments , while the aliens , their elongated black helmet-heads glistening with goo , regard their would-be trainers ( among them J.E .
they lock ripley in a futuristic gothic cage and [continue] with their hopeful experiments , while the aliens , their elongated black helmet-heads glistening with goo , regard their would-be trainers ( among them j.e .

Meanwhile , the papers report , Congress yesterday was the site of bitter debate over whether or not the impeachment debate and vote should proceed while our forces are fighting overseas .
meanwhile , the papers report , congress yesterday was the site of bitter debate over whether or not the impeachment debate and vote should [continue] while our forces are fighting overseas .

The papers rough out how this decision could be not the end but merely the beginning of a legal morass : If the legislature does proceed to recognize gay marriage , then couples might come to Vermont to get married and then return to their home states citing the privileges of marriage there .
the papers rough out how this decision could be not the end but merely the beginning of a legal morass : if the legislature does [continue] to recognize gay marriage , then couples might come to vermont to get married and then return to their home states citing the privileges of marriage there .

Rule 12 of the Senate Impeachment Rules states , `` At 12:30 o'clock after noon , or at such other hour as the Senate may order ... the legislative and executive business of the Senate shall be suspended , and the secretary shall give notice to the House ... that the Senate is ready to proceed ... in the Senate Chamber , which chamber is prepared with accommodations for the reception of the House of Representatives . ''
rule 12 of the senate impeachment rules states , `` at 12:30 o'clock after noon , or at such other hour as the senate may order ... the legislative and executive business of the senate shall be suspended , and the secretary shall give notice to the house ... that the senate is ready to [continue] ... in the senate chamber , which chamber is prepared with accommodations for the reception of the house of representatives . ''

Rule 12 of the Senate Impeachment Rules states , `` At 12:30 o'clock after noon , or at such other hour as the Senate may order ... the legislative and executive business of the Senate shall be suspended , and the secretary shall give notice to the House ... that the Senate is ready to proceed ... in the Senate Chamber , which chamber is prepared with accommodations for the reception of the House of Representatives . ''
rule 12 of the senate impeachment rules states , `` at 12:30 o'clock after noon , or at such other hour as the senate may order ... the legislative and executive business of the senate shall be suspended , and the secretary shall give notice to the house ... that the senate is ready to [continue] ... in the senate chamber , which chamber is prepared with accommodations for the reception of the house of representatives . ''

The Games themselves must be able to proceed unclouded by unresolved scandal . ''
the games themselves must be able to [continue] unclouded by unresolved scandal . ''

If Clinton consents , censure and community service can proceed .
if clinton consents , censure and community service can [continue] .

In Israel , Ha'aretz quoted defense sources as saying that peace negotiations with Syria are likely to proceed more quickly than those with the Palestinians because the issues are less complex and already fully understood by both sides .
in israel , ha'aretz quoted defense sources as saying that peace negotiations with syria are likely to [continue] more quickly than those with the palestinians because the issues are less complex and already fully understood by both sides .

Brown II gummed up the initial 1954 Brown ruling -- which had decreed segregated schools unconstitutional -- by saying , in a now-infamous oxymoron , that desegregation should proceed `` with all deliberate speed . ''
brown ii gummed up the initial 1954 brown ruling -- which had decreed segregated schools unconstitutional -- by saying , in a now-infamous oxymoron , that desegregation should [continue] `` with all deliberate speed . ''

If so , it will have a chance to proceed with economic reforms that could secure India a still higher growth rate . ''
if so , it will have a chance to [continue] with economic reforms that could secure india a still higher growth rate . ''

The standard phraseology I am leaning toward for discussing future events is `` an event to occur on a day subsequent to the several other days that shall proceed duly in the natural course of time forward from the present moment , eventually accruing into units characterized as months and , much later , years . ''
the standard phraseology i am leaning toward for discussing future events is `` an event to occur on a day subsequent to the several other days that shall [continue] duly in the natural course of time forward from the present moment , eventually accruing into units characterized as months and , much later , years . ''

As we proceed up 18 th Street , we take on more passengers , almost all of them `` African-Americans '' or Hispanics .
as we [continue] up 18 th street , we take on more passengers , almost all of them `` african-americans '' or hispanics .

Chatterbox then phoned Metabolife 's public relations firm , and was told to ignore the bullying legal language and proceed .
chatterbox then phoned metabolife 's public relations firm , and was told to ignore the bullying legal language and [continue] .

Having said this , and given that there presumably are no panaceas , it might be appropriate to proceed with caution and let different proposals compete in the market of real life .
having said this , and given that there presumably are no panaceas , it might be appropriate to [continue] with caution and let different proposals compete in the market of real life .

Would the justices have let the Jones suit proceed if they had known it would produce the Flytrap circus ?
would the justices have let the jones suit [continue] if they had known it would produce the flytrap circus ?

After one more attempt , the Pentagon will determine whether the missile shield can be deployed by 2005 , and President Clinton will decide whether to proceed with the program .
after one more attempt , the pentagon will determine whether the missile shield can be deployed by 2005 , and president clinton will decide whether to [continue] with the program .

I agree that the books get better and better , and that as you proceed from one to the next the series acquires more richness and density of detail .
i agree that the books get better and better , and that as you [continue] from one to the next the series acquires more richness and density of detail .

Once the BA-AA deal is also approved by the British and U.S. governments , Europe should proceed to negotiate an `` open skies '' policy with the United States .
once the ba-aa deal is also approved by the british and u.s. governments , europe should [continue] to negotiate an `` open skies '' policy with the united states .

It pointed out that Japan , not the United States , is India 's largest trade partner , that Japan had `` categorically counselled '' New Delhi about six weeks ago not to proceed with the tests and would now `` take measures which correspond '' with its outrage .
it pointed out that japan , not the united states , is india 's largest trade partner , that japan had `` categorically counselled '' new delhi about six weeks ago not to [continue] with the tests and would now `` take measures which correspond '' with its outrage .

Only 11 people would be authorized to proceed beyond this point up the emergency staircase to the presidential suite .
only 11 people would be authorized to [continue] beyond this point up the emergency staircase to the presidential suite .

If this does n't work , it added , a platoon commander has the authority `` to proceed with actions he deems appropriate . ''
if this does n't work , it added , a platoon commander has the authority `` to [continue] with actions he deems appropriate . ''

The WP highlights Reno 's admission that her fund-raising probe has had problems , including internal disputes about how to proceed .
the wp highlights reno 's admission that her fund-raising probe has had problems , including internal disputes about how to [continue] .

The NYT lead explains that the House bill would require most class action claims to be transferred to federal courts , where the rules about who gets to participate in the class and how such cases may proceed are more stringent .
the nyt lead explains that the house bill would require most class action claims to be transferred to federal courts , where the rules about who gets to participate in the class and how such cases may [continue] are more stringent .

USA Today leads with the decision in both the House and Senate to proceed with ( separate ) investigations into the Russian aid money scandal .
usa today leads with the decision in both the house and senate to [continue] with ( separate ) investigations into the russian aid money scandal .

The answer , I think , is that his books proceed from a perspective radically different from that of his competitors .
the answer , i think , is that his books [continue] from a perspective radically different from that of his competitors .

He let me go and suggested I proceed with caution : `` You fit the description of the suspect . ''
he let me go and suggested i [continue] with caution : `` you fit the description of the suspect . ''

The New York Times and USAT point out that while Congress can proceed unilaterally in many areas of the proposed legislation , this is problematic with the provisions that touch on the curtailment of free speech , such as advertising restrictions .
the new york times and usat point out that while congress can [continue] unilaterally in many areas of the proposed legislation , this is problematic with the provisions that touch on the curtailment of free speech , such as advertising restrictions .

It was like Rome in the waning days of empire : Let the great debauch proceed !
it was like rome in the waning days of empire : let the great debauch [continue] !

Culturebox would reply that if you 're going to take the unusual step of welcoming all ideas , you ca n't proceed to ignore the bad ones .
culturebox would reply that if you 're going to take the unusual step of welcoming all ideas , you ca n't [continue] to ignore the bad ones .

Proceed through a docudramatic depiction of an angry strike and a consumer boycott that forces the company to shut down .
[continue] through a docudramatic depiction of an angry strike and a consumer boycott that forces the company to shut down .

My favorite scene is where three disgruntled software technicians take a constantly malfunctioning printer out to a field , and proceed to kick the living toner out of the thing .
my favorite scene is where three disgruntled software technicians take a constantly malfunctioning printer out to a field , and [continue] to kick the living toner out of the thing .

Thus , Mr. Primakov 's active pro-Iraqi diplomacy in the Middle East will be moderated , but Mr. Yeltsin 's pursuit of a Chinese rapprochement to offset American influence will proceed at a leisurely pace . ''
thus , mr. primakov 's active pro-iraqi diplomacy in the middle east will be moderated , but mr. yeltsin 's pursuit of a chinese rapprochement to offset american influence will [continue] at a leisurely pace . ''

The Guardian said Blair intends to proceed sensitively in order to avoid further antagonizing the Greeks .
the guardian said blair intends to [continue] sensitively in order to avoid further antagonizing the greeks .

As Keirsey writes : `` A rough draft is all they need to feel confident and ready to proceed into action .
as keirsey writes : `` a rough draft is all they need to feel confident and ready to [continue] into action .

Prudie offers you two ways to proceed .
prudie offers you two ways to [continue] .

We had decided ( before these last two weeks ) to room together next year -- until yesterday , when I found a note from the roommate saying maybe we should not proceed as planned due to our different sleeping habits .
we had decided ( before these last two weeks ) to room together next year -- until yesterday , when i found a note from the roommate saying maybe we should not [continue] as planned due to our different sleeping habits .

He notes , the law allows the case to proceed anyway , and overgenerous discovery rules allowed Jones ' lawyers to find out about Monica Lewinsky , drag her into the case , and force Clinton to commit perjury by denying the affair .
he notes , the law allows the case to [continue] anyway , and overgenerous discovery rules allowed jones ' lawyers to find out about monica lewinsky , drag her into the case , and force clinton to commit perjury by denying the affair .

It provokes a mixture of sadism and sympathy from reporters , who proceed to turn the hapless flack into a human punching bag .
it provokes a mixture of sadism and sympathy from reporters , who [continue] to turn the hapless flack into a human punching bag .

Bottom line : This was the worst part for Clinton , so he 'll scrap settlement talks and proceed to trial May 27 .
bottom line : this was the worst part for clinton , so he 'll scrap settlement talks and [continue] to trial may 27 .

Instead , these questions will proceed to the U.S. Court of Appeals .
instead , these questions will [continue] to the u.s. court of appeals .

Proceed , with a caveat emptor , to : http : //www.medical-marijuana.com/ .
[continue] , with a caveat emptor , to : http : //www.medical-marijuana.com/ .

Eventually Johnson would go on to surpass the early New Deal , but at this moment , he did n't know how to proceed .
eventually johnson would go on to surpass the early new deal , but at this moment , he did n't know how to [continue] .

The story notes even though Internet company consolidation continues to proceed at a furious pace , Microsoft has n't made a major acquisition since the DOJ brought its case last year .
the story notes even though internet company consolidation continues to [continue] at a furious pace , microsoft has n't made a major acquisition since the doj brought its case last year .

The Washington Post leads with the emerging consensus among many senators that the Clinton trial might begin just days after the new Congress convenes and could proceed very swiftly .
the washington post leads with the emerging consensus among many senators that the clinton trial might begin just days after the new congress convenes and could [continue] very swiftly .

The WP lead reports that the GOP is split on how to proceed with impeachment hearings .
the wp lead reports that the gop is split on how to [continue] with impeachment hearings .

It is the Senate , the papers remind , which controls how an impeachment trial will proceed .
it is the senate , the papers remind , which controls how an impeachment trial will [continue] .

The Times notes that the Sharpton jury will next proceed to deliberate about any damage award .
the times notes that the sharpton jury will next [continue] to deliberate about any damage award .

Everybody notes the report is sitting in a locked House storage room while the congressional leadership decides how to proceed .
everybody notes the report is sitting in a locked house storage room while the congressional leadership decides how to [continue] .

More frustrating , Balagan allowed me to proceed nowhere .
more frustrating , balagan allowed me to [continue] nowhere .

At the risk of opening up a whole can of beans , let me proceed .
at the risk of opening up a whole can of beans , let me [continue] .

In fact , it is not stretching things too much to say that first-class collocational control is the hallmark of the true L2 expert ; collocational control is normally the last linguistic subsystem to be mastered by learners who proceed to an advanced level .
in fact , it is not stretching things too much to say that first-class collocational control is the hallmark of the true l2 expert ; collocational control is normally the last linguistic subsystem to be mastered by learners who [continue] to an advanced level .

The explanations the lexicographers proceed to provide for the names are explicit attempts to justify their inclusion .
the explanations the lexicographers [continue] to provide for the names are explicit attempts to justify their inclusion .

Bland slips up when he states it is to “ enable him to proceed on his path to the murder of Duncan. ” Your Third Prize notwithstanding , Duncan was murdered several pages earlier .
bland slips up when he states it is to “ enable him to [continue] on his path to the murder of duncan. ” your third prize notwithstanding , duncan was murdered several pages earlier .

Next , if she lived in Washington County , she must proceed to Shift Corner , site of shift weddings , where three towns come together , and there step through all three towns to satisfy their inhabitants that she owned nothing but the shirt on her back .
next , if she lived in washington county , she must [continue] to shift corner , site of shift weddings , where three towns come together , and there step through all three towns to satisfy their inhabitants that she owned nothing but the shirt on her back .

Birds of a feather flock together Better proceed with caution here , could be tricky .
birds of a feather flock together better [continue] with caution here , could be tricky .

Encouraged , we proceed to a change of subject : A new broom sweeps clean ( F ) Il n'est rien de tel que balai neuf There is nothing like a new broom , or Un balai neuf nettoie toujours bien A new broom always cleans well ; ( G ) Neue Besen kehren gut New brooms sweep well ; ( R ) \ ? \ A new broom sweeps cleanly ; ( S ) Escoba nueva barre bien A new broom sweeps well .
encouraged , we [continue] to a change of subject : a new broom sweeps clean ( f ) il n'est rien de tel que balai neuf there is nothing like a new broom , or un balai neuf nettoie toujours bien a new broom always cleans well ; ( g ) neue besen kehren gut new brooms sweep well ; ( r ) \ ? \ a new broom sweeps cleanly ; ( s ) escoba nueva barre bien a new broom sweeps well .

When seeking a foreign proverbial parallel , proceed with care .
when seeking a foreign proverbial parallel , [continue] with care .

At an airport at which Local Control and Ground Control were combined , a construction vehicle , B1 , called , At the localizer road to proceed to the ramp .
at an airport at which local control and ground control were combined , a construction vehicle , b1 , called , at the localizer road to [continue] to the ramp .

By the late nineteenth century , these uses of great and small became obsolete , but to go great guns continued to allude to the loudness , forcefulness , and large size of long-ago cannons and still means to ` proceed with considerable momentum , to go full steam ahead , at full bore . '
by the late nineteenth century , these uses of great and small became obsolete , but to go great guns continued to allude to the loudness , forcefulness , and large size of long-ago cannons and still means to ` [continue] with considerable momentum , to go full steam ahead , at full bore . '

