Allso that if monei might be had for 30 or 40 a lease & might be procured '' .
allso that if monei might be had for 30 or 40 a lease & might be [got] '' .

In the coming fiscal year additional quantities of Atlas , Titan , and Polaris missiles also will be procured .
in the coming fiscal year additional quantities of atlas , titan , and polaris missiles also will be [got] .

It was not very reasonable to believe that Lucien had procured unprocurable opium and come back to Honotassa with a formed plan to murder her .
it was not very reasonable to believe that lucien had [got] unprocurable opium and come back to honotassa with a formed plan to murder her .

Hub , nosing about , spotted reporters in the lobby , so Andy was hustled away quietly through the hotel's service entrance in a strange car which Hub had procured somewhere .
hub , nosing about , spotted reporters in the lobby , so andy was hustled away quietly through the hotel's service entrance in a strange car which hub had [got] somewhere .

It was claimed in the indictment that Mackie , an investment analyst with the Edinburgh stockbrokers , Bell Lawrie White , counselled and procured two salesmen in his firm to deal in Shanks & McEwan securities on the London Stock Exchange .
it was claimed in the indictment that mackie , an investment analyst with the edinburgh stockbrokers , bell lawrie white , counselled and [got] two salesmen in his firm to deal in shanks & mcewan securities on the london stock exchange .

The charge under the Company Securities ( Insider Dealing ) Act 1985 alleges that between 6 and 12 September , 1991 , he counselled and procured two salesmen in his firm to deal in Shanks & McEwan shares .
the charge under the company securities ( insider dealing ) act 1985 alleges that between 6 and 12 september , 1991 , he counselled and [got] two salesmen in his firm to deal in shanks & mcewan shares .

Mackie , of Craigcrook Road , Edinburgh , denies a charge under the Company Securities ( Insider Dealing ) Act 1985 that between 6 and 12 September 1991 , he counselled and procured two institutional salesman in his firm to deal in Shanks & McEwan shares .
mackie , of craigcrook road , edinburgh , denies a charge under the company securities ( insider dealing ) act 1985 that between 6 and 12 september 1991 , he counselled and [got] two institutional salesman in his firm to deal in shanks & mcewan shares .

Mackie denies a charge under the Companies Securities ( Insider Dealing ) Act 1985 that in September 1991 he counselled and procured two salesmen in his firm to deal in Shanks & McEwan .
mackie denies a charge under the companies securities ( insider dealing ) act 1985 that in september 1991 he counselled and [got] two salesmen in his firm to deal in shanks & mcewan .

‘ To do strict justice , ’ said Isambard equably , ‘ John the Fletcher provided him his death , and Benedetta procured him to do it .
‘ to do strict justice , ’ said isambard equably , ‘ john the fletcher provided him his death , and benedetta [got] him to do it .

It was said he ‘ aided , abetted , procured or counselled ’ the illegal stopping-up of two badger setts by an unnamed hunt helper on National Trust land at Horton , on the Avon-Gloucestershire border .
it was said he ‘ aided , abetted , [got] or counselled ’ the illegal stopping-up of two badger setts by an unnamed hunt helper on national trust land at horton , on the avon-gloucestershire border .

This last appointment would have procured for him a secure income and a safe environment for life , had he remained in it .
this last appointment would have [got] for him a secure income and a safe environment for life , had he remained in it .

Before work had been completed on the whole batch , it became clear that it might be cheaper to obtain replacement cars if any could be procured second-hand at a reasonable price .
before work had been completed on the whole batch , it became clear that it might be cheaper to obtain replacement cars if any could be [got] second-hand at a reasonable price .

In fact Nathaniel had grown into a dissolute of considerable proportions by the time Dowd entered his employ , and could not have cared less what kind of creature Dowd was as long as he procured the right kind of company .
in fact nathaniel had grown into a dissolute of considerable proportions by the time dowd entered his employ , and could not have cared less what kind of creature dowd was as long as he [got] the right kind of company .

They say she procured her daughter 's marriage to the king by sorcery and has committed all manner of other crimes .
they say she [got] her daughter 's marriage to the king by sorcery and has committed all manner of other crimes .

In other words , the difference between ( i ) incitement and ( ii ) being a participant in a crime as one who has counselled or procured it is that in ( i ) the main crime has not been ( or need not have been ) committed by the person so incited , and in ( ii ) it has .
in other words , the difference between ( i ) incitement and ( ii ) being a participant in a crime as one who has counselled or [got] it is that in ( i ) the main crime has not been ( or need not have been ) committed by the person so incited , and in ( ii ) it has .

‘ Where the owner , of his own free will , parts not only with the possession but also with the property in the goods taken , the person taking the goods can not be guilty of larceny , however fraudulent were the means by which the delivery of the goods was procured .
‘ where the owner , of his own free will , parts not only with the possession but also with the property in the goods taken , the person taking the goods can not be guilty of larceny , however fraudulent were the means by which the delivery of the goods was [got] .

There is no need to call up the tort where the legal wrong procured is itself a tort against the plaintiff , for the procurer is then himself liable as a joint tortfeasor ; nor , it seems , is there a tort of inducing a breach of trust , because a person who procures such an act becomes himself , by the doctrines of equity , liable as a trustee .
there is no need to call up the tort where the legal wrong [got] is itself a tort against the plaintiff , for the procurer is then himself liable as a joint tortfeasor ; nor , it seems , is there a tort of inducing a breach of trust , because a person who procures such an act becomes himself , by the doctrines of equity , liable as a trustee .

The accounts include " Patron Jugs procured at Stirling from the Standard there 15:0 . "
the accounts include " patron jugs [got] at stirling from the standard there 15:0 . "

Money procured for Minton the kind of men he needed , but his inability to possess them left him with insatiable desire , to such an extent that his relentless pursuit of young men began to intrude into everything he did .
money [got] for minton the kind of men he needed , but his inability to possess them left him with insatiable desire , to such an extent that his relentless pursuit of young men began to intrude into everything he did .

By a notice of appeal dated 18 February 1991 the second defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that the judge erred ( 1 ) in concluding that the first defendant was not acting as the plaintiffs ' agent when he procured the signature of the second defendant to the legal charge dated 3 July 1987 ; and ( 2 ) in not finding that the execution of the charge was procured by the undue influence and material misrepresentation of the first defendant and thereby in not setting aside the charge .
by a notice of appeal dated 18 february 1991 the second defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that the judge erred ( 1 ) in concluding that the first defendant was not acting as the plaintiffs ' agent when he [got] the signature of the second defendant to the legal charge dated 3 july 1987 ; and ( 2 ) in not finding that the execution of the charge was [got] by the undue influence and material misrepresentation of the first defendant and thereby in not setting aside the charge .

‘ In the first place , there is the doctrine , which may now perhaps be regarded as a rule of evidence , that , if a voluntary disposition in favour of the husband is impeached , the burden of establishing that it was not improperly or unfairly procured may be placed upon him by proof of circumstances raising any doubt or suspicion .
‘ in the first place , there is the doctrine , which may now perhaps be regarded as a rule of evidence , that , if a voluntary disposition in favour of the husband is impeached , the burden of establishing that it was not improperly or unfairly [got] may be placed upon him by proof of circumstances raising any doubt or suspicion .

‘ if a creditor , or potential creditor , of a husband desires to obtain , by way of security for the husband 's indebtedness , a guarantee from his wife … then the creditor can be in no better position than the husband himself , and the creditor can not enforce the guarantee or the security against the wife if it is established that the execution of the document by the wife was procured by undue influence of the husband and the wife had no independent advice .
‘ if a creditor , or potential creditor , of a husband desires to obtain , by way of security for the husband 's indebtedness , a guarantee from his wife … then the creditor can be in no better position than the husband himself , and the creditor can not enforce the guarantee or the security against the wife if it is established that the execution of the document by the wife was [got] by undue influence of the husband and the wife had no independent advice .

‘ If a creditor has actual or constructive notice , at the time of the execution of the charge or guarantee in question , that the guarantee or charge on which it relies has been procured by the exercise of undue influence , it can not enforce the transaction ; an equity is raised against the creditor irrespective of any question of agency … What notice will be requisite will depend on the nature of the undue influence alleged .
‘ if a creditor has actual or constructive notice , at the time of the execution of the charge or guarantee in question , that the guarantee or charge on which it relies has been [got] by the exercise of undue influence , it can not enforce the transaction ; an equity is raised against the creditor irrespective of any question of agency … what notice will be requisite will depend on the nature of the undue influence alleged .

In cases falling within this protected class , equity would hold the security given by the surety to be unenforceable by the creditor if : ( i ) the relationship between the debtor and the surety and the consequent likelihood of influence and reliance was known to the creditor ; and ( ii ) the surety 's consent to the transaction was procured by undue influence or material misrepresentation on the part of the debtor or the surety lacked an adequate understanding of the nature and effect of the transaction ; and ( iii ) the creditor , whether by leaving it to the debtor to deal with the surety or otherwise , had failed to take reasonable steps to try and ensure that the surety entered into the transaction with an adequate understanding of the nature and effect of the transaction and that the surety 's consent to the transaction was a true and informed one .
in cases falling within this protected class , equity would hold the security given by the surety to be unenforceable by the creditor if : ( i ) the relationship between the debtor and the surety and the consequent likelihood of influence and reliance was known to the creditor ; and ( ii ) the surety 's consent to the transaction was [got] by undue influence or material misrepresentation on the part of the debtor or the surety lacked an adequate understanding of the nature and effect of the transaction ; and ( iii ) the creditor , whether by leaving it to the debtor to deal with the surety or otherwise , had failed to take reasonable steps to try and ensure that the surety entered into the transaction with an adequate understanding of the nature and effect of the transaction and that the surety 's consent to the transaction was a true and informed one .

( 1 ) He accepted that the execution of the charge was procured by the undue influence of the husband .
( 1 ) he accepted that the execution of the charge was [got] by the undue influence of the husband .

‘ But it is clearly necessary to distinguish between , on the one hand , cases in which a wife , alive to the nature and effect of the obligation she is undertaking , is procured to become her husband 's surety by the assertion by him upon her of undue influence , affirmatively established , and on the other hand , cases where she does not understand the effect of the document or the nature of the transaction of suretyship .
‘ but it is clearly necessary to distinguish between , on the one hand , cases in which a wife , alive to the nature and effect of the obligation she is undertaking , is [got] to become her husband 's surety by the assertion by him upon her of undue influence , affirmatively established , and on the other hand , cases where she does not understand the effect of the document or the nature of the transaction of suretyship .

‘ If a creditor has actual or constructive notice , at the time of the execution of the charge or guarantee in question , that the guarantee or charge on which it relies has been procured by the exercise of undue influence , it can not enforce the transaction ; an equity is raised against the creditor irrespective of any question of agency .
‘ if a creditor has actual or constructive notice , at the time of the execution of the charge or guarantee in question , that the guarantee or charge on which it relies has been [got] by the exercise of undue influence , it can not enforce the transaction ; an equity is raised against the creditor irrespective of any question of agency .

They assumed it was legal before the third month [ before quickening ] , and only outside the law when procured by another person ’ .
they assumed it was legal before the third month [ before quickening ] , and only outside the law when [got] by another person ’ .

‘ Seeing that it 's a special occasion , ’ he said , and Goibniu had procured two horses for Floy and Snodgrass to ride .
‘ seeing that it 's a special occasion , ’ he said , and goibniu had [got] two horses for floy and snodgrass to ride .

Miss Logan lost count of the times their luggage was detained , or they were told that a buyurulda or special permit would be necessary in addition to the tezkare they had already procured ; but Miss Fergusson , with assistance from a dragoman whose own brief display of independent thought had been snuffed out early on , harried , demanded and succeeded .
miss logan lost count of the times their luggage was detained , or they were told that a buyurulda or special permit would be necessary in addition to the tezkare they had already [got] ; but miss fergusson , with assistance from a dragoman whose own brief display of independent thought had been snuffed out early on , harried , demanded and succeeded .

Sylvie Guillem , the exquisite prima ballerina , had been procured to dance for it ; chanteuses of international renown were to sing for it ; the Gypsy Kings would be there to serenade it at the top of their lungs .
sylvie guillem , the exquisite prima ballerina , had been [got] to dance for it ; chanteuses of international renown were to sing for it ; the gypsy kings would be there to serenade it at the top of their lungs .

Rivals procured a visit from the archbishop of Canterbury to the chapter , but they failed to overturn his appointment .
rivals [got] a visit from the archbishop of canterbury to the chapter , but they failed to overturn his appointment .

When he reached twelve his father cut short his education and procured him a naval cadetship in March 1800 .
when he reached twelve his father cut short his education and [got] him a naval cadetship in march 1800 .

Ratagan had procured beer for them from somewhere with magical ease , and they were supping the malty liquid from brimming tankards as they went .
ratagan had [got] beer for them from somewhere with magical ease , and they were supping the malty liquid from brimming tankards as they went .

Given the Committee 's proposals on buggery , this would have meant that a man who procured a woman 's submission to anal intercourse by threats other than of violence would not necessarily have been guilty of any offence .
given the committee 's proposals on buggery , this would have meant that a man who [got] a woman 's submission to anal intercourse by threats other than of violence would not necessarily have been guilty of any offence .

The Sexual Offences Act 1956 , s.2 does not , of course , apply here since it deals only with sexual intercourse procured by threat .
the sexual offences act 1956 , s.2 does not , of course , apply here since it deals only with sexual intercourse [got] by threat .

On the other hand , acts of gross indecency procured by threat will become an offence and threats other than of violence will suffice .
on the other hand , acts of gross indecency [got] by threat will become an offence and threats other than of violence will suffice .

The three offences mentioned above were originally introduced to deal with men who procured women for the benefit of third parties .
the three offences mentioned above were originally introduced to deal with men who [got] women for the benefit of third parties .

It came to be accepted however , that a defendant who procured a woman by the means proscribed in order to have sexual intercourse with her himself was equally within their scope .
it came to be accepted however , that a defendant who [got] a woman by the means proscribed in order to have sexual intercourse with her himself was equally within their scope .

But even where marital intercourse is procured by extreme violence , this ought not , in the majority 's view , to suffice for rape .
but even where marital intercourse is [got] by extreme violence , this ought not , in the majority 's view , to suffice for rape .

Moreover , whilst sexual intercourse with a woman procured by husband impersonation is a statutory crime in Scotland , it would not appear to be rape where sexual intercourse is obtained by a fraud as to the nature of the act .
moreover , whilst sexual intercourse with a woman [got] by husband impersonation is a statutory crime in scotland , it would not appear to be rape where sexual intercourse is obtained by a fraud as to the nature of the act .

They assumed that it was legal before the third month , and only illegal when procured .
they assumed that it was legal before the third month , and only illegal when [got] .

In Attorney General 's Reference ( No 1 of 1988 ) , the question before the House of Lords was whether ‘ obtained ’ within the context of s.1 ( 3 ) could include the passive receipt of information , or whether that information had to be procured by endeavour .
in attorney general 's reference ( no 1 of 1988 ) , the question before the house of lords was whether ‘ obtained ’ within the context of s.1 ( 3 ) could include the passive receipt of information , or whether that information had to be [got] by endeavour .

Mortimer not only procured a reversal of the judgement against his father , but also very substantial portions of the forfeited Despenser lands , including the lordship of Denbigh , and property in Shropshire which the Earl of Arundel had forfeited .
mortimer not only [got] a reversal of the judgement against his father , but also very substantial portions of the forfeited despenser lands , including the lordship of denbigh , and property in shropshire which the earl of arundel had forfeited .

The last of the four ancient universities of Scotland to be established , Edinburgh owes its origin to the Town Council who provided the necessary finances , procured the site , where Old College now stands , and negotiated for the Royal Sanction .
the last of the four ancient universities of scotland to be established , edinburgh owes its origin to the town council who provided the necessary finances , [got] the site , where old college now stands , and negotiated for the royal sanction .

If materials are procured too early , the supplier may have to be paid before a contractor is paid by the client which can lead to cash flow costs .
if materials are [got] too early , the supplier may have to be paid before a contractor is paid by the client which can lead to cash flow costs .

Their publication was a speculation which — so far as it made me known & procured me employment in Zoological drawing — answered my expectations — but in matters of money occasioned me considerable loss .
their publication was a speculation which — so far as it made me known & [got] me employment in zoological drawing — answered my expectations — but in matters of money occasioned me considerable loss .

He procured there 2 species of parrots he had not yet taken , an albatross , teal , gulls , and the eggs of the latter .
he [got] there 2 species of parrots he had not yet taken , an albatross , teal , gulls , and the eggs of the latter .

The evening before he had procured from the local library a copy of Gerald Seymour-Strachey 's essay in autobiography , but a quick flick through the index had assured him there was no mention of Walter Machin , and he had n't had time to bone up on the details of the man himself 's career .
the evening before he had [got] from the local library a copy of gerald seymour-strachey 's essay in autobiography , but a quick flick through the index had assured him there was no mention of walter machin , and he had n't had time to bone up on the details of the man himself 's career .

But if that curtesy were moved by a suit or request of the party that gives the assumpsit , it will bind , for the promise , though it follows , yet it is not naked , but couples itself with the suit before , and the merits of the party procured by that suit , which is the difference .
but if that curtesy were moved by a suit or request of the party that gives the assumpsit , it will bind , for the promise , though it follows , yet it is not naked , but couples itself with the suit before , and the merits of the party [got] by that suit , which is the difference .

When these had been procured , the Earl , ignoring Wheeler , had poured out two measures , one enormous one for himself , and a smaller one for Julia .
when these had been [got] , the earl , ignoring wheeler , had poured out two measures , one enormous one for himself , and a smaller one for julia .

While the meagre refreshments were doled out , or refills were procured , the little groups around the teachers began to break up , and the whole occasion gradually became more flexible .
while the meagre refreshments were doled out , or refills were [got] , the little groups around the teachers began to break up , and the whole occasion gradually became more flexible .

Miss Hawarth likewise procured several paying guests , moving Wilson to declare she could not imagine why any lady would wish to lodge in her poorly decorated and furnished house when they might find themselves a place a good deal more attractive and comfortable .
miss hawarth likewise [got] several paying guests , moving wilson to declare she could not imagine why any lady would wish to lodge in her poorly decorated and furnished house when they might find themselves a place a good deal more attractive and comfortable .

Soft-hearted Mrs Garwood recalled being told at Dallas airport that food procured for the contras was simply rotting in the warehouses , just as the food sent to Ethiopia in the famine had never reached the starving .
soft-hearted mrs garwood recalled being told at dallas airport that food [got] for the contras was simply rotting in the warehouses , just as the food sent to ethiopia in the famine had never reached the starving .

It was certainly not the purpose for which the American and Canadian loans were procured .
it was certainly not the purpose for which the american and canadian loans were [got] .

The Camellia first flowered in this country at Thorndon , where many of the curious journeyed to see it as well as trellises backing the stoves covered with ‘ all sorts of passion-flowers , clematis 's of all kinds that could be procured and Creeping Cereus .
the camellia first flowered in this country at thorndon , where many of the curious journeyed to see it as well as trellises backing the stoves covered with ‘ all sorts of passion-flowers , clematis 's of all kinds that could be [got] and creeping cereus .

Mr. Miller of the Physic Garden , Chelsea , has made his great abilities well known by his works , as well as his skill in every part of gardening and his success in raising seeds procured by a large correspondence .
mr. miller of the physic garden , chelsea , has made his great abilities well known by his works , as well as his skill in every part of gardening and his success in raising seeds [got] by a large correspondence .

Collinson procured from ‘ my knowing friend Philip Miller ’ sixty-nine sorts of seed to send to Bartram .
collinson [got] from ‘ my knowing friend philip miller ’ sixty-nine sorts of seed to send to bartram .

It must be added that they were the better team , had the outstanding individual in Gordon Strachan and deserved the victory procured by a touch of finesse which could have Vinny Jones drummed out of the cloggers ' union .
it must be added that they were the better team , had the outstanding individual in gordon strachan and deserved the victory [got] by a touch of finesse which could have vinny jones drummed out of the cloggers ' union .

He said he had always worked for the benefit of his country and could not be held responsible for how the hard currency he procured was spent by its leaders .
he said he had always worked for the benefit of his country and could not be held responsible for how the hard currency he [got] was spent by its leaders .

He said he had always worked for the benefit of his country and could not be held responsible for how the hard currency he procured was spent by its leaders .
he said he had always worked for the benefit of his country and could not be held responsible for how the hard currency he [got] was spent by its leaders .

She persuaded Earl Nelson , the admiral 's doctor brother , to give her £250 of the Bronte Pension which had never been paid her , and with this she procured her final release from prison .
she persuaded earl nelson , the admiral 's doctor brother , to give her £250 of the bronte pension which had never been paid her , and with this she [got] her final release from prison .

Breeze , whizzing home in the taxi that the obliging Chignell had procured for her , found herself wondering whether the whole thing could have been a dream .
breeze , whizzing home in the taxi that the obliging chignell had [got] for her , found herself wondering whether the whole thing could have been a dream .

He procured a cottage at Handsworth Woodhouse , near Sheffield , provided a teacher and entrusted the running of it to a management committee at his own expense .
he [got] a cottage at handsworth woodhouse , near sheffield , provided a teacher and entrusted the running of it to a management committee at his own expense .

One example will suffice ; Walpole-Bond records , with reference to Wheatears , that during the period from the final years of the 18th to the early ones of the 19th centuries an inhabitant of East Dean ‘ once during that short time was thought to have taken nearly a hundred dozen ’ , and another ‘ near Eastbourne procured eighty-four dozen in the same short space of time ’ .
one example will suffice ; walpole-bond records , with reference to wheatears , that during the period from the final years of the 18th to the early ones of the 19th centuries an inhabitant of east dean ‘ once during that short time was thought to have taken nearly a hundred dozen ’ , and another ‘ near eastbourne [got] eighty-four dozen in the same short space of time ’ .

This amendment would authorize federal civilian employees , including justices and judges , who receive promotional items incident to using government procured travel or transportation services , or such services accepted from non-Federal sources pursuant to 31 U.S.C .
this amendment would authorize federal civilian employees , including justices and judges , who receive promotional items incident to using government [got] travel or transportation services , or such services accepted from non-federal sources pursuant to 31 u.s.c .

The Financial Action Task Force , a multilateral government organization dedicated to standard setting , focused on money laundering , particularly as it related to crimes such as drug trafficking and large-scale fraud that involved vast amounts of illegally procured money .
the financial action task force , a multilateral government organization dedicated to standard setting , focused on money laundering , particularly as it related to crimes such as drug trafficking and large-scale fraud that involved vast amounts of illegally [got] money .

According to the Journal , under newly loosened export regulations , China has procured nearly 300 high-speed computers , some of which have `` ended up in the wrong hands . ''
according to the journal , under newly loosened export regulations , china has [got] nearly 300 high-speed computers , some of which have `` ended up in the wrong hands . ''

Nonetheless , Kovner procured some poison from a chemist in the future state of Israel .
nonetheless , kovner [got] some poison from a chemist in the future state of israel .

David `` I Made Paula Jones Famous '' Brock , who wants everyone to know that he deeply regrets single-handedly bringing down the president , is n't the only journalist to have reported the allegations of Arkansas state troopers who claim to have procured women for then-Gov .
david `` i made paula jones famous '' brock , who wants everyone to know that he deeply regrets single-handedly bringing down the president , is n't the only journalist to have reported the allegations of arkansas state troopers who claim to have [got] women for then-gov .

The New York Times , after initially covering the L.A. Times story quite aggressively , subsequently had to admit that in 1995 the Boston Globe , which it owned then and continues to own , ran a special section on its new downtown sports arena , the Fleet Center , which relied on ads procured by ... the Fleet Center .
the new york times , after initially covering the l.a. times story quite aggressively , subsequently had to admit that in 1995 the boston globe , which it owned then and continues to own , ran a special section on its new downtown sports arena , the fleet center , which relied on ads [got] by ... the fleet center .

While local boy Craig McCaw built his cellular empire , Seattle 's transit agency procured a $ 5 million bus-radio system that never worked .
while local boy craig mccaw built his cellular empire , seattle 's transit agency [got] a $ 5 million bus-radio system that never worked .

One HMO executive even had a claim from a young man for a Viagra prescription he had procured to enhance his wedding-night performance .
one hmo executive even had a claim from a young man for a viagra prescription he had [got] to enhance his wedding-night performance .

Your beneficiaries will be impressed with your cleverness and sophistication ( which is , after all , the whole point of giving ) , and they will never suspect that so much wonderful journalism was procured for only $ 19.95 .
your beneficiaries will be impressed with your cleverness and sophistication ( which is , after all , the whole point of giving ) , and they will never suspect that so much wonderful journalism was [got] for only $ 19.95 .

