Expansion , modernization , and development of fire control to a proficiency and strength of force which will prevent as many fires as possible and suppress fires before they spread beyond permitted standards .
expansion , modernization , and development of fire control to a [skill] and strength of force which will prevent as many fires as possible and suppress fires before they spread beyond permitted standards .

These expenditures are estimated to be $12.1 billion , an increase of $187 million over 1960 , reflecting additional longevity pay of career personnel , more dependents , an increased number of men drawing proficiency pay , and social security tax increases ( effective for the full year in 1961 compared with only 6 months in 1960 ) .
these expenditures are estimated to be $12.1 billion , an increase of $187 million over 1960 , reflecting additional longevity pay of career personnel , more dependents , an increased number of men drawing [skill] pay , and social security tax increases ( effective for the full year in 1961 compared with only 6 months in 1960 ) .

Shell people were encouraged to develop a hobby so long as they maintained proficiency in their technical work .
shell people were encouraged to develop a hobby so long as they maintained [skill] in their technical work .

Whe when you have a cycling proficiency test
whe when you have a cycling [skill] test

Coun Bill Stenson called for more schools to take on cycling proficiency and road safety courses for children .
coun bill stenson called for more schools to take on cycling [skill] and road safety courses for children .

Coun. Bill Stenson called for more schools to get involved in cycling proficiency and road safety schemes , and Mr Hillcoat said that road safety officers from the county were involved in helping teachers run the schemes .
coun. bill stenson called for more schools to get involved in cycling [skill] and road safety schemes , and mr hillcoat said that road safety officers from the county were involved in helping teachers run the schemes .

Proficiency is increasing in contract work and staff have specialist knowledge of such one off tasks .
[skill] is increasing in contract work and staff have specialist knowledge of such one off tasks .

‘ It was done with such proficiency , with all the components working well … a counter-attack situation , driving play , back-up support , excellent passing , good body positions going into contact .
‘ it was done with such [skill] , with all the components working well … a counter-attack situation , driving play , back-up support , excellent passing , good body positions going into contact .

And if she has already enjoyed the satisfaction of having climbed to a new standard of proficiency , higher than she has been before , why should she care one way or another to know that others have not yet reached this standard ?
and if she has already enjoyed the satisfaction of having climbed to a new standard of [skill] , higher than she has been before , why should she care one way or another to know that others have not yet reached this standard ?

In one way and another , and with varying degrees of proficiency , social and health care workers across the country are constructing such packages of care .
in one way and another , and with varying degrees of [skill] , social and health care workers across the country are constructing such packages of care .

These results may testify to the attributes of the equipment acquired and the proficiency of foreign trade organisations in tailoring purchases to real needs . They would also confirm that the integration of this equipment into Soviet industry receives considerable attention :
these results may testify to the attributes of the equipment acquired and the [skill] of foreign trade organisations in tailoring purchases to real needs . they would also confirm that the integration of this equipment into soviet industry receives considerable attention :

Chomsky started by defining the nature of the learning objective — that is , adult grammatical proficiency — and then worked backwards to determine how much of the workload in language learning had to be borne by innate knowledge .
chomsky started by defining the nature of the learning objective — that is , adult grammatical [skill] — and then worked backwards to determine how much of the workload in language learning had to be borne by innate knowledge .

In his speech he went out of his way to welcome the establishment of the Faculty , and the part it would play in encouraging and enhancing proficiency and knowledge of tax not only within the profession , but in business , industry and commerce , and among the general public the profession serves .
in his speech he went out of his way to welcome the establishment of the faculty , and the part it would play in encouraging and enhancing [skill] and knowledge of tax not only within the profession , but in business , industry and commerce , and among the general public the profession serves .

However , his teacher warned that proficiency in conversational language should not be assumed to equate with proficiency in cognitive or ‘ academic ’ language .
however , his teacher warned that [skill] in conversational language should not be assumed to equate with [skill] in cognitive or ‘ academic ’ language .

Second , his indifference to business proficiency as a qualification for his closest companions .
second , his indifference to business [skill] as a qualification for his closest companions .

Headway Advanced can be used by students preparing for the Cambridge Proficiency examination .
headway advanced can be used by students preparing for the cambridge [skill] examination .

The main emphasis therefore is on developing listening and speaking proficiency so that the language can be put to practical use straightaway .
the main emphasis therefore is on developing listening and speaking [skill] so that the language can be put to practical use straightaway .

Destinations contains a marked increase in text over the two previous Streamline English coursebooks and some units are of two pages , reflecting students ' developing proficiency in the language .
destinations contains a marked increase in text over the two previous streamline english coursebooks and some units are of two pages , reflecting students ' developing [skill] in the language .

They claim that better language proficiency occurs when integrative motivation is prominent .
they claim that better language [skill] occurs when integrative motivation is prominent .

Nevertheless , Schumann ( 1977 ) found a relation between proficiency in English and subjects ' report of the amount of contact with English in work time .
nevertheless , schumann ( 1977 ) found a relation between [skill] in english and subjects ' report of the amount of contact with english in work time .

In a review of the field , Krashen , Long and Scarcella ( 1979 ) can conclude : ( 1 ) adults are faster than children through the early stages of second language development ( if time and exposure are controlled ) ; ( 2 ) older children are faster than younger children ; and ( 3 ) those who have natural exposure to the second language in childhood reach a higher level of proficiency than those who begin as adults .
in a review of the field , krashen , long and scarcella ( 1979 ) can conclude : ( 1 ) adults are faster than children through the early stages of second language development ( if time and exposure are controlled ) ; ( 2 ) older children are faster than younger children ; and ( 3 ) those who have natural exposure to the second language in childhood reach a higher level of [skill] than those who begin as adults .

There are great difficulties in measurement of proficiency but adults probably acquire more , faster because of their already developed knowledge and because the level of their communication is higher and more complex .
there are great difficulties in measurement of [skill] but adults probably acquire more , faster because of their already developed knowledge and because the level of their communication is higher and more complex .

More recently , however , a move towards providing language experience ( rather than language instruction ) for poorer ability groups has indicated that levels of proficiency in language use may be reached by a wide range of people .
more recently , however , a move towards providing language experience ( rather than language instruction ) for poorer ability groups has indicated that levels of [skill] in language use may be reached by a wide range of people .

In summary , there is positive predictive value in tests of cognitive abilities in relation to sign language proficiency , but the effects are not as consistent as one might hope and they are outweighed in magnitude by the age at which sign language is learned .
in summary , there is positive predictive value in tests of cognitive abilities in relation to sign language [skill] , but the effects are not as consistent as one might hope and they are outweighed in magnitude by the age at which sign language is learned .

The principal component , as always , is lack of language proficiency .
the principal component , as always , is lack of language [skill] .

Indeed , for the most part , slaves demonstrating boxing proficiency were pitted against each other locally at the behest of slave masters ; few trod the same paths as Richmond and Molyneux ( McPherson , 1976a , p. 123 ) .
indeed , for the most part , slaves demonstrating boxing [skill] were pitted against each other locally at the behest of slave masters ; few trod the same paths as richmond and molyneux ( mcpherson , 1976a , p. 123 ) .

It is perhaps understandable that , the nearer we approach modern times , with their greater technical proficiency , the number of ‘ curious ’ editions should diminish .
it is perhaps understandable that , the nearer we approach modern times , with their greater technical [skill] , the number of ‘ curious ’ editions should diminish .

Preference will be given to applicants who have some proficiency in the Japanese language .
preference will be given to applicants who have some [skill] in the japanese language .

However , the growing number of students with instrumental proficiency in recent years has meant an increasing concentration on orchestral work .
however , the growing number of students with instrumental [skill] in recent years has meant an increasing concentration on orchestral work .

Here he acquired some proficiency in English .
here he acquired some [skill] in english .

Despite Melinda 's proficiency in Arabic , he preferred to keep others in ignorance of our conversations by speaking to us in English .
despite melinda 's [skill] in arabic , he preferred to keep others in ignorance of our conversations by speaking to us in english .

It is a common and enormously frustrating experience for foreign language learners , presented with the opportunity to participate in authentic conversation with native speakers , to fail to join in successfully , despite having a high level of proficiency in the classroom .
it is a common and enormously frustrating experience for foreign language learners , presented with the opportunity to participate in authentic conversation with native speakers , to fail to join in successfully , despite having a high level of [skill] in the classroom .

Able to prove himself on his own ground , his relationship with Bernard improved and deepened and Bernard was the first to respect David 's proficiency .
able to prove himself on his own ground , his relationship with bernard improved and deepened and bernard was the first to respect david 's [skill] .

Once you have your board , a degree of proficiency and an awareness of your own and the environment 's limitations , the waters of the world are your plaything .
once you have your board , a degree of [skill] and an awareness of your own and the environment 's limitations , the waters of the world are your plaything .

Averaged out , the trainers clearly gave much greater weight in selecting future teachers to oral proficiency and experience of the country whose language would be taught , and much less to written proficiency , knowledge of literature or linguistics , the referee 's report , or experience with children ’ ( Gold , 1985 : 11 )
averaged out , the trainers clearly gave much greater weight in selecting future teachers to oral [skill] and experience of the country whose language would be taught , and much less to written [skill] , knowledge of literature or linguistics , the referee 's report , or experience with children ’ ( gold , 1985 : 11 )

Given earlier findings identifying a statistically significant correlation between a company 's export growth and the language proficiency of its personnel ( see Schlegelmilch & Ross , Journal of Marketing Management ( 1987 ) , vol.3 No.2 ) , an investigation of the most ‘ successful ’ companies in Europe ( by economic criteria ) should reveal an explicit corporate commitment to language training and translation .
given earlier findings identifying a statistically significant correlation between a company 's export growth and the language [skill] of its personnel ( see schlegelmilch & ross , journal of marketing management ( 1987 ) , vol.3 no.2 ) , an investigation of the most ‘ successful ’ companies in europe ( by economic criteria ) should reveal an explicit corporate commitment to language training and translation .

oral proficiency ; i.e. ( in order — telephoning , company presentations , face to face meetings and negotiations ;
oral [skill] ; i.e. ( in order — telephoning , company presentations , face to face meetings and negotiations ;

ii ) At a much higher level of bilingual proficiency is the Certificate in Community Interpreting .
ii ) at a much higher level of bilingual [skill] is the certificate in community interpreting .

It is beginning to be recognised that proficiency in more than one language often carries with it the need to be what one might term ‘ crosslingual ’ , that is , able to generate connections across languages rather than only using them independently of each other .
it is beginning to be recognised that [skill] in more than one language often carries with it the need to be what one might term ‘ crosslingual ’ , that is , able to generate connections across languages rather than only using them independently of each other .

At a school in Chapel-en-le-Frith he acquired proficiency in Latin and Greek , intending to become a dissenting minister or attorney .
at a school in chapel-en-le-frith he acquired [skill] in latin and greek , intending to become a dissenting minister or attorney .

His original leanings were towards railway engineering and he maintained an interest in the subject all his life , but his first appointment in 1869 was to the Indian government telegraph department in Karachi , on whose behalf he visited Baluchistan , Mesopotamia , and Turkey , receiving special mention for his proficiency in the testing of land line and submarine cables .
his original leanings were towards railway engineering and he maintained an interest in the subject all his life , but his first appointment in 1869 was to the indian government telegraph department in karachi , on whose behalf he visited baluchistan , mesopotamia , and turkey , receiving special mention for his [skill] in the testing of land line and submarine cables .

After two years he received the certificate of the college for proficiency in chemistry .
after two years he received the certificate of the college for [skill] in chemistry .

Proficiency in kung fu requires that the use of the entire body , bringing into focus muscles that are seldom used in day-to-day living .
[skill] in kung fu requires that the use of the entire body , bringing into focus muscles that are seldom used in day-to-day living .

Free sparring is fighting with an opponent of equal proficiency .
free sparring is fighting with an opponent of equal [skill] .

At first a beginner learns this kick in a one-two-three rhythm , but as proficiency increases the whole movement becomes one smoothly flowing action .
at first a beginner learns this kick in a one-two-three rhythm , but as [skill] increases the whole movement becomes one smoothly flowing action .

Once that level of proficiency has been achieved , the kata takes on a new meaning .
once that level of [skill] has been achieved , the kata takes on a new meaning .

This is a coloured belt , which signifies that its owner is eligible to take the next step on the rung up the ladder to karate proficiency .
this is a coloured belt , which signifies that its owner is eligible to take the next step on the rung up the ladder to karate [skill] .

He will not expect miracles , only a reasonable standard of proficiency .
he will not expect miracles , only a reasonable standard of [skill] .

Once a certain level of proficiency has been reached , the karate student starts to learn stances beyond the basic stance .
once a certain level of [skill] has been reached , the karate student starts to learn stances beyond the basic stance .

Testing the efficiency of strikes , kicks and punches by directing them at bricks and tiles is a standard requirement for passing a grade and being promoted to the next level of proficiency .
testing the efficiency of strikes , kicks and punches by directing them at bricks and tiles is a standard requirement for passing a grade and being promoted to the next level of [skill] .

When a certain degree of proficiency has been reached , a student takes part in free fighting with a partner .
when a certain degree of [skill] has been reached , a student takes part in free fighting with a partner .

The professor shall also , at the close of each term , inform any society which may request him to do so , as to the regularity of attendance and the proficiency of the students belonging to such society who have been admitted into the laboratory or department under his charge .
the professor shall also , at the close of each term , inform any society which may request him to do so , as to the regularity of attendance and the [skill] of the students belonging to such society who have been admitted into the laboratory or department under his charge .

They are generally awarded by juries , who have neither the power nor the proficiency to impose a sentence in any other area of law .
they are generally awarded by juries , who have neither the power nor the [skill] to impose a sentence in any other area of law .

In the case of living things , the quality that is specified in advance is , in some sense , `` proficiency `` ; either proficiency in a particular ability such as flying , as an aero-engineer might admire it ; or proficiency in something more general , such as the ability to stave off death , or the ability to propagate genes in reproduction .
in the case of living things , the quality that is specified in advance is , in some sense , `` [skill] `` ; either [skill] in a particular ability such as flying , as an aero-engineer might admire it ; or [skill] in something more general , such as the ability to stave off death , or the ability to propagate genes in reproduction .

They play with small wooden spears , and shields made of banana tree bark , and arrows , sling and stones , and acquire no less proficiency in hitting the mark .
they play with small wooden spears , and shields made of banana tree bark , and arrows , sling and stones , and acquire no less [skill] in hitting the mark .

The answer , of course , was that the motion of the earth was not a common matter — that it required considerable proficiency in mathematics to appreciate the arguments in its favor .
the answer , of course , was that the motion of the earth was not a common matter — that it required considerable [skill] in mathematics to appreciate the arguments in its favor .

The term `` mastery `` is often used to describe proficiency in a graded assessment scheme ; 7 graded tests are generally criterion-referenced .
the term `` mastery `` is often used to describe [skill] in a graded assessment scheme ; 7 graded tests are generally criterion-referenced .

proficiency certification often in some way a summary `` or measure of achievement on the course of instruction and often used for selection purposes , or to acknowledge success .
[skill] certification often in some way a summary `` or measure of achievement on the course of instruction and often used for selection purposes , or to acknowledge success .

Each distilled their football to pure essence — England brave , dogged , hard-tackling , hard-running ; West Germany all of this , but with a more cerebral approach and a technical proficiency to their skills ; Italy were graceful , inventive , passionate , defensively-minded but flecked with great individual skill ; and then there was Brazil — inspired by Pele , Tostao , Jarizinho , Gerson and Rivelino , they saw football as a means to creating beauty , and scoring goals as a form of existential ecstasy .
each distilled their football to pure essence — england brave , dogged , hard-tackling , hard-running ; west germany all of this , but with a more cerebral approach and a technical [skill] to their skills ; italy were graceful , inventive , passionate , defensively-minded but flecked with great individual skill ; and then there was brazil — inspired by pele , tostao , jarizinho , gerson and rivelino , they saw football as a means to creating beauty , and scoring goals as a form of existential ecstasy .

If you emerge from the top with the backs of your hands ( and your shins ) intact , award yourself the Gritstone Jammers ' Proficiency Badge : Bronze Award .
if you emerge from the top with the backs of your hands ( and your shins ) intact , award yourself the gritstone jammers ' [skill] badge : bronze award .

The understanding that technical proficiency is a step on the path , rather than a destination , is obvious from Gordon 's photos .
the understanding that technical [skill] is a step on the path , rather than a destination , is obvious from gordon 's photos .

For student with a high intermediate to advanced level of proficiency in English whose occupational needs include ability to communicate with English-speaking members of the business community .
for student with a high intermediate to advanced level of [skill] in english whose occupational needs include ability to communicate with english-speaking members of the business community .

The proficiency examination will test accuracy , neatness , intelligent display and reasonable output .
the [skill] examination will test accuracy , neatness , intelligent display and reasonable output .

An optional 10-minute speed test ( 2105 ) may be taken by candidates entering for the proficiency examination , without additional fee .
an optional 10-minute speed test ( 2105 ) may be taken by candidates entering for the [skill] examination , without additional fee .

The speed and accuracy achieved will be endorsed on the certificate , provided candidates : ( i ) gain the proficiency certificate : ( ii ) attain a speed of not less than 30 wpm : ( iii ) achieve not less than 98 % accuracy .
the speed and accuracy achieved will be endorsed on the certificate , provided candidates : ( i ) gain the [skill] certificate : ( ii ) attain a speed of not less than 30 wpm : ( iii ) achieve not less than 98 % accuracy .

Candidates may attempt further speed tests ( 2065 ) without retaking the proficiency examination , within 2 years of gaining a proficiency certificate .
candidates may attempt further speed tests ( 2065 ) without retaking the [skill] examination , within 2 years of gaining a [skill] certificate .

The proficiency examination will test accuracy , neatness , intelligent display and reasonable output .
the [skill] examination will test accuracy , neatness , intelligent display and reasonable output .

An optional 10-minute speed test ( 3105 ) may be taken by candidates entering for the proficiency examination , without additional fee .
an optional 10-minute speed test ( 3105 ) may be taken by candidates entering for the [skill] examination , without additional fee .

The speed and accuracy achieved will be endorsed on the certificate , provided candidates : ( i ) gain the proficiency certificate ; ( ii ) attain a speed of not less than 30 wpm ; ( iii ) achieve not less than 98 % accuracy .
the speed and accuracy achieved will be endorsed on the certificate , provided candidates : ( i ) gain the [skill] certificate ; ( ii ) attain a speed of not less than 30 wpm ; ( iii ) achieve not less than 98 % accuracy .

Candidates may attempt further speed tests ( 3065 ) without retaking the proficiency examination , within 2 years of gaining a proficiency certificate .
candidates may attempt further speed tests ( 3065 ) without retaking the [skill] examination , within 2 years of gaining a [skill] certificate .

Proficiency in a second language is a sixth area of competence commonly associated with core skills .
[skill] in a second language is a sixth area of competence commonly associated with core skills .

The question of cycling proficiency tests was discussed and it was agreed to try to arrange such a course in Juniper Green during the October holiday break .
the question of cycling [skill] tests was discussed and it was agreed to try to arrange such a course in juniper green during the october holiday break .

Selection would depend on points allocated for criteria including age and experience , proficiency in English and British links .
selection would depend on points allocated for criteria including age and experience , [skill] in english and british links .

But it is not known how these skills relate to levels of proficiency or to the process of acquisition .
but it is not known how these skills relate to levels of [skill] or to the process of acquisition .

The aim of the proposed research is to investigate how the subsidiary skills relate to the development of braille reading , to identify the sources of difficulty at different levels of proficiency , and to test application for improving reading speed and accuracy .
the aim of the proposed research is to investigate how the subsidiary skills relate to the development of braille reading , to identify the sources of difficulty at different levels of [skill] , and to test application for improving reading speed and accuracy .

It 's about measuring the child 's proficiency against the proficiency of other children .
it 's about measuring the child 's [skill] against the [skill] of other children .

Governing Body Directory of Proficiency Schemes and Coaching Awards
governing body directory of [skill] schemes and coaching awards

The funding councils ' duty will embrace courses leading to academic and vocational qualifications ; access to higher education courses ; courses that provide access to qualification-bearing courses and higher education courses ; basic skills courses ; courses in English for speakers of other languages and , in Wales , courses leading to proficiency in Welsh .
the funding councils ' duty will embrace courses leading to academic and vocational qualifications ; access to higher education courses ; courses that provide access to qualification-bearing courses and higher education courses ; basic skills courses ; courses in english for speakers of other languages and , in wales , courses leading to [skill] in welsh .

With difficulty she repressed comments on the writer 's own linguistic proficiency , and how in her view it disabled him from judging Walter 's scholastic achievements ; with difficulty , too , she refrained from rebutting the idea that she was not getting any younger , for that was precisely what she felt she was getting , these days ; and she ended with best wishes for the future , mentally hoping it would not be for him a long one .
with difficulty she repressed comments on the writer 's own linguistic [skill] , and how in her view it disabled him from judging walter 's scholastic achievements ; with difficulty , too , she refrained from rebutting the idea that she was not getting any younger , for that was precisely what she felt she was getting , these days ; and she ended with best wishes for the future , mentally hoping it would not be for him a long one .

The two dégagé ladies , who traded very successfully under the name ‘ Plain and Fancy ’ at the dinner parties of the bourgeoisie of Medewich and the surrounding county , were working with that synchronised proficiency of totally competent professionals .
the two dégagé ladies , who traded very successfully under the name ‘ plain and fancy ’ at the dinner parties of the bourgeoisie of medewich and the surrounding county , were working with that synchronised [skill] of totally competent professionals .

The writing of an extensive dissertation , with arguments put forward and defended , may demonstrate the writer 's possession of intellectual abilities , erudition in scholarship , and the attainment of proficiency in research techniques or methodology at a very advanced level , but it does not , of itself , prove that the researcher has made an original contribution to knowledge .
the writing of an extensive dissertation , with arguments put forward and defended , may demonstrate the writer 's possession of intellectual abilities , erudition in scholarship , and the attainment of [skill] in research techniques or methodology at a very advanced level , but it does not , of itself , prove that the researcher has made an original contribution to knowledge .

The age at which an individual learns a language has profound implications for proficiency in that language . ``
the age at which an individual learns a language has profound implications for [skill] in that language . ``

Employers , too , will find NVQs highly beneficial for they provide a recognised and progressive pattern of proficiency and competence .
employers , too , will find nvqs highly beneficial for they provide a recognised and progressive pattern of [skill] and competence .

For many this was our first experience with firing live ammunition and also anti-tank weapons , and for this the disused pit of Rugby 's was used , and when some proficiency was obtained we were allowed to use the ranges at Milton near Gravesend .
for many this was our first experience with firing live ammunition and also anti-tank weapons , and for this the disused pit of rugby 's was used , and when some [skill] was obtained we were allowed to use the ranges at milton near gravesend .

Tammuz Malamute was clearly a highly trained individual ; that meant education , and Tech-Green education into the bargain , given the avenues of his proficiency .
tammuz malamute was clearly a highly trained individual ; that meant education , and tech-green education into the bargain , given the avenues of his [skill] .

‘ Going about , ’ he shouted and watched in amazement the crazed proficiency of the little cocaine addict leaping back into the cockpit to winch the genoa sheet in .
‘ going about , ’ he shouted and watched in amazement the crazed [skill] of the little cocaine addict leaping back into the cockpit to winch the genoa sheet in .

Self-taught to a high degree of proficiency he is engagingly dismissive of his talent .
self-taught to a high degree of [skill] he is engagingly dismissive of his talent .

‘ We run a proficiency award scheme and would like that to continue because there ought to be an award for young anglers in particular to show they are not just good anglers but caring conservationists as well , ’ said Peter .
‘ we run a [skill] award scheme and would like that to continue because there ought to be an award for young anglers in particular to show they are not just good anglers but caring conservationists as well , ’ said peter .

Khmer Rouge divisions and regiments have no set size , and their strength depends largely on the proficiency of the commander .
khmer rouge divisions and regiments have no set size , and their strength depends largely on the [skill] of the commander .

15.31 Pupils should have increasing opportunities to develop proficiency in spoken Standard English , in contexts where it is evidently appropriate .
15.31 pupils should have increasing opportunities to develop [skill] in spoken standard english , in contexts where it is evidently appropriate .

17.32 Development in attainment target 3 is marked by : increasing control over the structure and organisation of different types of text ; a growing ability to handle complex or demanding subject matter ; a widening range of syntactic structures and an expanding vocabulary as the pupil begins to use language that is characteristic of writing rather than speech and to strive for a style that is appropriate to the subject matter and the readership ; a growing capacity to write independently and at length ; an increasing proficiency in re-reading and revising or redrafting the text , taking into account the needs of the audience ; a developing ability to reflect on and talk about the writing process .
17.32 development in attainment target 3 is marked by : increasing control over the structure and organisation of different types of text ; a growing ability to handle complex or demanding subject matter ; a widening range of syntactic structures and an expanding vocabulary as the pupil begins to use language that is characteristic of writing rather than speech and to strive for a style that is appropriate to the subject matter and the readership ; a growing capacity to write independently and at length ; an increasing [skill] in re-reading and revising or redrafting the text , taking into account the needs of the audience ; a developing ability to reflect on and talk about the writing process .

an increasing proficiency in re-reading and revising or redrafting the text ;
an increasing [skill] in re-reading and revising or redrafting the text ;

Do the proficiency test at the end .
do the [skill] test at the end .

Proficiency Test
[skill] test

Her father encouraged her desire to learn navigation and other aspects of seamanship , and after a few years her proficiency was obvious to everyone who sailed with her .
her father encouraged her desire to learn navigation and other aspects of seamanship , and after a few years her [skill] was obvious to everyone who sailed with her .

Towards reading proficiency
towards reading [skill]

Facilities are provided to enable students holding only the minimum qualification in English language to increase their proficiency in the language .
facilities are provided to enable students holding only the minimum qualification in english language to increase their [skill] in the language .

Frequent supervision whilst the student attains proficiency is therefore necessary to ensure that a good technique is developed .
frequent supervision whilst the student attains [skill] is therefore necessary to ensure that a good technique is developed .

Cambridge Certificate of Proficiency in English
cambridge certificate of [skill] in english

Facilities are provided to enable students holding only the minimum qualification in English language to increase their proficiency in the language .
facilities are provided to enable students holding only the minimum qualification in english language to increase their [skill] in the language .

Emphasis is placed on language proficiency .
emphasis is placed on language [skill] .

To do it yourself , or charter “ bareboat , ” you ’ ll need to demonstrate proficiency .
to do it yourself , or charter “ bareboat , ” you ’ ll need to demonstrate [skill] .

The Committee recognized that uncertainty or fear of failure may immobilize an agency 's efforts to implement GPRA and that its implementation is evolutionary in that proficiency comes with time and experience .
the committee recognized that uncertainty or fear of failure may immobilize an agency 's efforts to implement gpra and that its implementation is evolutionary in that [skill] comes with time and experience .

Require that CPE directlycontribute to the auditor 's professional proficiency to perform work under GAGAS ( par .
require that cpe directlycontribute to the auditor 's professional [skill] to perform work under gagas ( par .

Therefore , each auditor performing work under GAGAS should complete , every 2 years , at least 80 hours of CPE which directly contributes to the auditor 's professional proficiency to perform such work .
therefore , each auditor performing work under gagas should complete , every 2 years , at least 80 hours of cpe which directly contributes to the auditor 's professional [skill] to perform such work .

The FBI must maintain rigorous security and proficiency standards with respect to its permanent and contract employees .
the fbi must maintain rigorous security and [skill] standards with respect to its permanent and contract employees .

Acculturation is difficult in the best of circumstances , but what happens when those people with limited or no proficiency in English have a medical problem ?
acculturation is difficult in the best of circumstances , but what happens when those people with limited or no [skill] in english have a medical problem ?

Others , contrarily , find evidence of Fosse 's limits : The New York Times ' Ben Brantley writes , `` Numbers that , in the context of their original shows , sparkled with wit and vitality often register as repetitive examples of virtuosic proficiency . ''
others , contrarily , find evidence of fosse 's limits : the new york times ' ben brantley writes , `` numbers that , in the context of their original shows , sparkled with wit and vitality often register as repetitive examples of virtuosic [skill] . ''

The story details widespread cheating on the company 's Louisiana state school principals ' test and the English proficiency exams it administers as part of the citizenship process .
the story details widespread cheating on the company 's louisiana state school principals ' test and the english [skill] exams it administers as part of the citizenship process .

The immigration study , prepared by the Rand Corp. warns that the increasingly skill-based California economy can not continue to absorb large flows of poorly educated immigrants and calls on Congress to : reduce new legal immigrant admissions to `` a moderate range , '' allow the rate of immigration to fluctuate with general economic conditions , and add education levels and English proficiency as admission criteria .
the immigration study , prepared by the rand corp. warns that the increasingly skill-based california economy can not continue to absorb large flows of poorly educated immigrants and calls on congress to : reduce new legal immigrant admissions to `` a moderate range , '' allow the rate of immigration to fluctuate with general economic conditions , and add education levels and english [skill] as admission criteria .

Scorsese 's technical proficiency won him some early breaks .
scorsese 's technical [skill] won him some early breaks .

Our problems may have begun even earlier : In Massachusetts , prospective teachers recently complained that one reason so many of them fared poorly on a teaching proficiency test was that they were unfairly expected to comprehend a passage from the Federalist Papers -- in many ways , the essential gloss on our entire constitutional system .
our problems may have begun even earlier : in massachusetts , prospective teachers recently complained that one reason so many of them fared poorly on a teaching [skill] test was that they were unfairly expected to comprehend a passage from the federalist papers -- in many ways , the essential gloss on our entire constitutional system .

Maybe there was or is a subconscious view that the path to L2 proficiency and success is open only to those who can summon up the intellectual energy and also physical , dictionary- ( man ) handling stamina for the task .
maybe there was or is a subconscious view that the path to l2 [skill] and success is open only to those who can summon up the intellectual energy and also physical , dictionary- ( man ) handling stamina for the task .

There is no gainsaying that standardization of spelling ( and of other mechanics of language ) can be helpful to communication , but like other reflexes of language proficiency , it can also mark the relative literacy or education of a person .
there is no gainsaying that standardization of spelling ( and of other mechanics of language ) can be helpful to communication , but like other reflexes of language [skill] , it can also mark the relative literacy or education of a person .

WORD PROCESSORS - TEMPORARY - several positions open proficiency with at least 1 language necessary .
word processors - temporary - several positions open [skill] with at least 1 language necessary .

I should have thought that lawyers could have learned these and other “ one-legged subjunctives ’ from congressmen , cabinet ministers , and television talk-show guests who demonstrate extraordinary proficiency in such equivocations .
i should have thought that lawyers could have learned these and other “ one-legged subjunctives ’ from congressmen , cabinet ministers , and television talk-show guests who demonstrate extraordinary [skill] in such equivocations .

It may not be an immediately obvious fact , but it is significant that the people who ask the question -- strangers , who telephone me -- are quite articulate , from which I deduce that one must have reached some proficiency in language before becoming aware that there might be some deficiency .
it may not be an immediately obvious fact , but it is significant that the people who ask the question -- strangers , who telephone me -- are quite articulate , from which i deduce that one must have reached some [skill] in language before becoming aware that there might be some deficiency .

I can not claim proficiency in slang , but I do know that in addition to the ` Scram ! '
i can not claim [skill] in slang , but i do know that in addition to the ` scram ! '

To be sure , proficiency in linguistics offers no assurance of proficiency in writing ; indeed , from the extensive reading I have done in the subject , I could easily be led to believe that the former precludes that latter .
to be sure , [skill] in linguistics offers no assurance of [skill] in writing ; indeed , from the extensive reading i have done in the subject , i could easily be led to believe that the former precludes that latter .

