Accordingly the research agencies within these ministries were brought together in 1981 to attempt an inter-disciplinary research programme and to promulgate the results .
accordingly the research agencies within these ministries were brought together in 1981 to attempt an inter-disciplinary research programme and to [promote] the results .

Royal attempts , such as Ine 's in the seventh century or Edgar 's in the tenth , to promulgate codes could only meet with success where local practices were not too obviously threatened .
royal attempts , such as ine 's in the seventh century or edgar 's in the tenth , to [promote] codes could only meet with success where local practices were not too obviously threatened .

He was popularly supposed to be a man who not only told the truth , but who could not tell a lie , and the senator 's aides and publicists were not unhappy to promulgate that echo of a previous President 's virtues .
he was popularly supposed to be a man who not only told the truth , but who could not tell a lie , and the senator 's aides and publicists were not unhappy to [promote] that echo of a previous president 's virtues .

There should be government action to promulgate a definition of community care values and a set of objectives to guide developments .
there should be government action to [promote] a definition of community care values and a set of objectives to guide developments .

It was developed originally to promulgate priestly or legislative initiatives , and since these were collective and in some sense impersonal productions , what the writer meant was to all intents and purposes recoverable from what he wrote down .
it was developed originally to [promote] priestly or legislative initiatives , and since these were collective and in some sense impersonal productions , what the writer meant was to all intents and purposes recoverable from what he wrote down .

It was also chosen in 1921 by the rulers of the kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes as the day on which to promulgate the Vidovdan constitution , a fact which emphasised the primacy of the Serbs within the Triune Kingdom .
it was also chosen in 1921 by the rulers of the kingdom of serbs , croats and slovenes as the day on which to [promote] the vidovdan constitution , a fact which emphasised the primacy of the serbs within the triune kingdom .

Discretionary judgement is likely to be required by policy , alongside the more precise rules that it is possible to promulgate .
discretionary judgement is likely to be required by policy , alongside the more precise rules that it is possible to [promote] .

Refining ideas which Ruskin had been the first to promulgate , ( Sir ) Robert Hunter , Octavia Hill , and Rawnsley met in the offices of the Commons Preservation Society on 16 November 1893 and founded the organization which , eight months later , was inaugurated under the presidency of Hugh Lupus Grosvenor , first Duke of Westminster [ q.v . ]
refining ideas which ruskin had been the first to [promote] , ( sir ) robert hunter , octavia hill , and rawnsley met in the offices of the commons preservation society on 16 november 1893 and founded the organization which , eight months later , was inaugurated under the presidency of hugh lupus grosvenor , first duke of westminster [ q.v . ]

To promulgate this cause , he founded the Church and Stage Guild , and caused another sensation by giving a lecture entitled ‘ The Art of Dancing ’ .
to [promote] this cause , he founded the church and stage guild , and caused another sensation by giving a lecture entitled ‘ the art of dancing ’ .

However , as ‘ men of learning ’ , clergymen were able to promulgate a view of the world which was taken for granted by most of the population , a world view which included the notion that the supremacy of the king , the privileges of the nobility and the lowly position of serfs were all ordained by God .
however , as ‘ men of learning ’ , clergymen were able to [promote] a view of the world which was taken for granted by most of the population , a world view which included the notion that the supremacy of the king , the privileges of the nobility and the lowly position of serfs were all ordained by god .

Blake and Mouton 's main contribution , it 's suggested , has been to promulgate the basic ideas through a well-thought-out and packaged training course .
blake and mouton 's main contribution , it 's suggested , has been to [promote] the basic ideas through a well-thought-out and packaged training course .

In the past , when such knowledge was inaccessible or dangerous to promulgate , there might have been some justification .
in the past , when such knowledge was inaccessible or dangerous to [promote] , there might have been some justification .

The Council may also from time to time promulgate Codes of Practice if it is of the opinion that such codes will further the objects of the Council .
the council may also from time to time [promote] codes of practice if it is of the opinion that such codes will further the objects of the council .

But no one will seriously maintain that the verses do not have a design upon us ; that they do not promulgate a message — the message that all secular explanations of human life are vain and inadequate .
but no one will seriously maintain that the verses do not have a design upon us ; that they do not [promote] a message — the message that all secular explanations of human life are vain and inadequate .

To promulgate a standardized approach to patients with cardiac problems , the Advanced Cardiac Life Support course was developed .
to [promote] a standardized approach to patients with cardiac problems , the advanced cardiac life support course was developed .

We conduct financial statement , performance and compliance audits of federal entities , and promulgate generally accepted auditing standards for audits of federal entities , and entities that receive federal funds .
we conduct financial statement , performance and compliance audits of federal entities , and [promote] generally accepted auditing standards for audits of federal entities , and entities that receive federal funds .

We also help to promulgate generally accepted accounting principles for federal government entities .
we also help to [promote] generally accepted accounting principles for federal government entities .

Statutory Authorization for the rule Both the proposed and final rule cite the Secretary 's broad authority to promulgate regulations necessary for the efficient administration of the Medicare program .
statutory authorization for the rule both the proposed and final rule cite the secretary 's broad authority to [promote] regulations necessary for the efficient administration of the medicare program .

L. 101-549 ) provided that the Administrator of EPA shall promulgate a rule establishing specifications for detergent additives to implement the requirement , also contained in section 211 ( l ) , that , effective January 1 , 1995 , no gasoline may be sold or dispensed which does not contain additives to prevent the accumulation of deposits in engines or fuel systems .
l. 101-549 ) provided that the administrator of epa shall [promote] a rule establishing specifications for detergent additives to implement the requirement , also contained in section 211 ( l ) , that , effective january 1 , 1995 , no gasoline may be sold or dispensed which does not contain additives to prevent the accumulation of deposits in engines or fuel systems .

Section 707 of ERISA , Section 9806 of the Internal Revenue code , and Section 2707 of the Public Health Service Act provide that the Secretaries may promulgate any interim final rules determined to be appropriate to carry out the provisions of Part B of the act .
section 707 of erisa , section 9806 of the internal revenue code , and section 2707 of the public health service act provide that the secretaries may [promote] any interim final rules determined to be appropriate to carry out the provisions of part b of the act .

L. 103-413 ) authorized the Departments to jointly promulgate regulations limited solely to self-determination contracts or the approval , award or declination of such contract regarding the Federal Tort Claims Act , the Contract Disputes Act , declination and waiver procedures , appeal procedures , reassumption procedures , discretionary grant procedures , property donation procedures , internal agency procedures relating to implementation of the Act , retrocession and tribal organization relinquishment procedures , contract proposal contents , conflicts of interest , construction , programmatic reports and data requirements , procurement standards , property management standards and financial management standards .
l. 103-413 ) authorized the departments to jointly [promote] regulations limited solely to self-determination contracts or the approval , award or declination of such contract regarding the federal tort claims act , the contract disputes act , declination and waiver procedures , appeal procedures , reassumption procedures , discretionary grant procedures , property donation procedures , internal agency procedures relating to implementation of the act , retrocession and tribal organization relinquishment procedures , contract proposal contents , conflicts of interest , construction , programmatic reports and data requirements , procurement standards , property management standards and financial management standards .

This rule implements section 112 ( r ) of the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 , which mandates that EPA promulgate regulations and develop guidance to prevent accidental releases to the air from stationary sources and mitigate the consequences of such releases by focusing prevention measures on chemicals that pose the greatest risk to the public and the environment .
this rule implements section 112 ( r ) of the clean air act amendments of 1990 , which mandates that epa [promote] regulations and develop guidance to prevent accidental releases to the air from stationary sources and mitigate the consequences of such releases by focusing prevention measures on chemicals that pose the greatest risk to the public and the environment .

Section 112 ( r ) ( 3 ) mandates that EPA promulgate a list of regulated substances , with threshold quantities ; this list defines the stationary sources that will be subject to accident prevention regulations mandated by section 112 ( r ) ( 7 ) .
section 112 ( r ) ( 3 ) mandates that epa [promote] a list of regulated substances , with threshold quantities ; this list defines the stationary sources that will be subject to accident prevention regulations mandated by section 112 ( r ) ( 7 ) .

However , the Administrator must still promulgate regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .
however , the administrator must still [promote] regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 424 provides a default method for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of regulations , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary so that owners and operators can plan for compliance .
in the event that the administrator is unable , for any reason , to [promote] allocation regulations on a timely basis , section 424 provides a default method for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of regulations , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary so that owners and operators can plan for compliance .

The Administrator will promulgate regulations to allow use of any banked pre-2009 sulfur dioxide allowances in the new nationwide sulfur dioxide program .
the administrator will [promote] regulations to allow use of any banked pre-2009 sulfur dioxide allowances in the new nationwide sulfur dioxide program .

However , the Administrator must still promulgate regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .
however , the administrator must still [promote] regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 434 provides a default methodology analogous to that for the new nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of regulations , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary .
in the event that the administrator is unable , for any reason , to [promote] allocation regulations on a timely basis , section 434 provides a default methodology analogous to that for the new nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of regulations , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary .

Further , the Administrator must also promulgate regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .
further , the administrator must also [promote] regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 454 provides two default methods for compliance , both of which are implemented separately for the two zones .
in the event that the administrator is unable , for any reason , to [promote] allocation regulations on a timely basis , section 454 provides two default methods for compliance , both of which are implemented separately for the two zones .

Carryforward of Pre-2008 Nitrogen Oxides Allowances Section 465 requires the Administrator to promulgate regulations allowing owners and operators to carry over , into the new nitrogen oxides trading program under Subpart 2 , any banked pre-2008 allowances under the NOx budget trading program administered by the Administrator under the NOx SIP call .
carryforward of pre-2008 nitrogen oxides allowances section 465 requires the administrator to [promote] regulations allowing owners and operators to carry over , into the new nitrogen oxides trading program under subpart 2 , any banked pre-2008 allowances under the nox budget trading program administered by the administrator under the nox sip call .

Further , the Administrator must also promulgate regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .
further , the administrator must also [promote] regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 474 provides two default methods for compliance analogous to those under the new nitrogen oxides trading program .
in the event that the administrator is unable , for any reason , to [promote] allocation regulations on a timely basis , section 474 provides two default methods for compliance analogous to those under the new nitrogen oxides trading program .

In addition , the time frames for States to recommend , and EPA to promulgate , designations for the 8-hour ozone and fine particles NAAQS are revised to align the time frames for EPA to designate areas for these standards .
in addition , the time frames for states to recommend , and epa to [promote] , designations for the 8-hour ozone and fine particles naaqs are revised to align the time frames for epa to designate areas for these standards .

Not later than thirty-six months after the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of 2002 , the Administrator shall promulgate regulations providing for direct sales of sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances , and mercury allowances to an owner or operator of a facility .
not later than thirty-six months after the date of enactment of the clear skies act of 2002 , the administrator shall [promote] regulations providing for direct sales of sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances , and mercury allowances to an owner or operator of a facility .

The Administrator shall promulgate regulations as necessary to assure that the requirement to hold allowances under section 452 ( a ) ( 1 ) may be met using nitrogen oxides allowances allocated for an ozone season before 2008 under a nitrogen oxides trading program that the Administrator administers in a State 's applicable implementation plan under section 463 .
the administrator shall [promote] regulations as necessary to assure that the requirement to hold allowances under section 452 ( a ) ( 1 ) may be met using nitrogen oxides allowances allocated for an ozone season before 2008 under a nitrogen oxides trading program that the administrator administers in a state 's applicable implementation plan under section 463 .

Using observational studies to disentangle the adverse consequences of a single toxin from other environmental influences and to promulgate regulations is a difficult and painfully slow process .
using observational studies to disentangle the adverse consequences of a single toxin from other environmental influences and to [promote] regulations is a difficult and painfully slow process .

Each state has tended to promulgate a standard , one-size-fits-all formula .
each state has tended to [promote] a standard , one-size-fits-all formula .

It is even less comprehensible how a modern researcher could accept it and have the effrontery to promulgate it .
it is even less comprehensible how a modern researcher could accept it and have the effrontery to [promote] it .

