There is little doubt that they were promulgated by the Supreme Court as a direct result of the Selden patent suit .
there is little doubt that they were [promoted] by the supreme court as a direct result of the selden patent suit .

Young Morris , who , while attending the University of Pennsylvania , also taught and edited a paper , found time to write Henrietta twenty-page letters on everything that engaged his interest , from the acting of Sarah Bernhardt in Philadelphia to his reactions to the comments of `` Sulamith '' on the Jewish reform movement being promulgated by the Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati .
young morris , who , while attending the university of pennsylvania , also taught and edited a paper , found time to write henrietta twenty-page letters on everything that engaged his interest , from the acting of sarah bernhardt in philadelphia to his reactions to the comments of `` sulamith '' on the jewish reform movement being [promoted] by the hebrew union college in cincinnati .

For example , once strategic management has assimilated new objectives on the basis of a changed perception of costs and benefits , these objectives have to be promulgated within the organization .
for example , once strategic management has assimilated new objectives on the basis of a changed perception of costs and benefits , these objectives have to be [promoted] within the organization .

This was most explicitly promulgated in the German pension reform of 1957 , which Adenauer forced through to great electoral benefit , in the teeth of strong opposition from the central bank and the employers .
this was most explicitly [promoted] in the german pension reform of 1957 , which adenauer forced through to great electoral benefit , in the teeth of strong opposition from the central bank and the employers .

The jails were filled and the press muzzled : between April and December 1930 no less than ten ordinances were issued to meet the emergency — the greatest such number that any viceroy had ever promulgated .
the jails were filled and the press muzzled : between april and december 1930 no less than ten ordinances were issued to meet the emergency — the greatest such number that any viceroy had ever [promoted] .

Similarly , an airline or even government operated air traffic control authority might amend a procedure promulgated in its manuals for the same reason .
similarly , an airline or even government operated air traffic control authority might amend a procedure [promoted] in its manuals for the same reason .

In 1822 , when a new Portuguese constitution was promulgated , the people of the town refused to recognize it and so the Governor sent soldiers to Ribeira Brava , not to use force but with orders to eat all the cherries .
in 1822 , when a new portuguese constitution was [promoted] , the people of the town refused to recognize it and so the governor sent soldiers to ribeira brava , not to use force but with orders to eat all the cherries .

The source of the demand for legal services lies in the proliferation of laws and regulations promulgated from a variety of sources , and the simultaneous waning of belief in the determinacy of legal doctrine .
the source of the demand for legal services lies in the proliferation of laws and regulations [promoted] from a variety of sources , and the simultaneous waning of belief in the determinacy of legal doctrine .

The theory of ‘ disengagement ’ promulgated by Cummings and Henry ( 1961 ) has been popularly received in this way .
the theory of ‘ disengagement ’ [promoted] by cummings and henry ( 1961 ) has been popularly received in this way .

After the votes , the two documents were solemnly promulgated , but the bishops travelled back to their dioceses with a sense that too little had been achieved .
after the votes , the two documents were solemnly [promoted] , but the bishops travelled back to their dioceses with a sense that too little had been achieved .

The Constitution on the Church , the Decree on Ecumenism and the Decree on Oriental Churches were formally voted upon , and solemnly promulgated .
the constitution on the church , the decree on ecumenism and the decree on oriental churches were formally voted upon , and solemnly [promoted] .

At a public session on 28 October , five documents ( on the Pastoral Office of Bishops , on Priestly Formation , on Religious Life , on Christian Education and on Non-Christian Religions ) were formally voted upon , and promulgated , as were the documents on Divine Revelation and the Apostolate of the Laity on 18 November .
at a public session on 28 october , five documents ( on the pastoral office of bishops , on priestly formation , on religious life , on christian education and on non-christian religions ) were formally voted upon , and [promoted] , as were the documents on divine revelation and the apostolate of the laity on 18 november .

The final four documents were voted upon , and promulgated .
the final four documents were voted upon , and [promoted] .

This philosophy finds expression in some recent social thought and has been most notably promulgated in the area of social services , producing on the far right a philosophy of welfare in which the care of family members is increasingly seen as a private problem , to be undertaken using family resources only , and to be underpinned only in extreme circumstances by a residual network of statutory services .
this philosophy finds expression in some recent social thought and has been most notably [promoted] in the area of social services , producing on the far right a philosophy of welfare in which the care of family members is increasingly seen as a private problem , to be undertaken using family resources only , and to be underpinned only in extreme circumstances by a residual network of statutory services .

New skills and awarenesses — of assessment , management , counselling , computing , pedagogy and the rest — are being defined and promulgated at high speed .
new skills and awarenesses — of assessment , management , counselling , computing , pedagogy and the rest — are being defined and [promoted] at high speed .

In reality , however , such expectations were entirely unfounded , for by now neither Henry nor Thomas Cromwell had any great desire to mend the breach , or at least not on terms that would undermine the newly promulgated royal supremacy .
in reality , however , such expectations were entirely unfounded , for by now neither henry nor thomas cromwell had any great desire to mend the breach , or at least not on terms that would undermine the newly [promoted] royal supremacy .

There are a number of fallacies which are frequently promulgated in order to explain away the low standard of living of the farm worker and which require a brisk dismissal at the outset .
there are a number of fallacies which are frequently [promoted] in order to explain away the low standard of living of the farm worker and which require a brisk dismissal at the outset .

Several recent discussions of social policy have suggested that welfare policies are promulgated not from humanitarian concerns to meet need but as responses to social unrest . Piven and Cloward , for example , argue as follows about social security policies :
several recent discussions of social policy have suggested that welfare policies are [promoted] not from humanitarian concerns to meet need but as responses to social unrest . piven and cloward , for example , argue as follows about social security policies :

Some steps against pluralism were taken at the Fourth Lateran Council in 1215 , but an altogether more far-reaching measure was promulgated at the Council of Lyons in 1274 .
some steps against pluralism were taken at the fourth lateran council in 1215 , but an altogether more far-reaching measure was [promoted] at the council of lyons in 1274 .

Yet Pecham had already retreated before Mortmain was promulgated and in that very parliament ; moreover , as we have seen , he was to resume his attack on royal writs after it .
yet pecham had already retreated before mortmain was [promoted] and in that very parliament ; moreover , as we have seen , he was to resume his attack on royal writs after it .

For much the same reasons we are quite satisfied that there is nothing in the Act which affects in any way the processes by which decisions as to suspension and disbarment , and so on are to be taken and promulgated through the machinery created by the Inns in 1986 with the concurrence of the judges , subject always to the visitorial jurisdiction of the judges .
for much the same reasons we are quite satisfied that there is nothing in the act which affects in any way the processes by which decisions as to suspension and disbarment , and so on are to be taken and [promoted] through the machinery created by the inns in 1986 with the concurrence of the judges , subject always to the visitorial jurisdiction of the judges .

According to one rabbinic tradition ( preserved in Midrash Tanchuma 26 ) when the law was given on Sinai , ‘ the ten commandments were promulgated with a single sound , ’ yet it says , ‘ All the people perceived the voices ’ ( Exod .
according to one rabbinic tradition ( preserved in midrash tanchuma 26 ) when the law was given on sinai , ‘ the ten commandments were [promoted] with a single sound , ’ yet it says , ‘ all the people perceived the voices ’ ( exod .

Chapter 4 will make it clear that there is today a crisis of credibility with respect to this particular theory of the constitution , but , even so , it is still actively promulgated as an account of the reality of British politics .
chapter 4 will make it clear that there is today a crisis of credibility with respect to this particular theory of the constitution , but , even so , it is still actively [promoted] as an account of the reality of british politics .

According to this perspective , the demand for all-seater stadia and accompanying leisure and commercial facilities — ceaselessly promulgated as a method of curbing hooliganism is part of a thinly veiled plan to replace soccer 's traditional working-class audience with middle-class consumers .
according to this perspective , the demand for all-seater stadia and accompanying leisure and commercial facilities — ceaselessly [promoted] as a method of curbing hooliganism is part of a thinly veiled plan to replace soccer 's traditional working-class audience with middle-class consumers .

The ship had sailed from Hamburg after the law had been promulgated ; on the other hand , the landing permits had been issued earlier .
the ship had sailed from hamburg after the law had been [promoted] ; on the other hand , the landing permits had been issued earlier .

From his position at the Paris museum , he promulgated a new approach in which animals would be classified not by their external appearance but by internal resemblances that could only be revealed by dissection .
from his position at the paris museum , he [promoted] a new approach in which animals would be classified not by their external appearance but by internal resemblances that could only be revealed by dissection .

In 1978 a new constitution was promulgated which provided for an elaborate reversion to a tribal mode of rule involving an electoral college of eighty members chosen by forty local councils ( ‘ tinkhundla ’ ) , dominated by tribal elements .
in 1978 a new constitution was [promoted] which provided for an elaborate reversion to a tribal mode of rule involving an electoral college of eighty members chosen by forty local councils ( ‘ tinkhundla ’ ) , dominated by tribal elements .

Until the mid-1970s , what one might call public sector professional accounting practice had been promulgated by the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy ( which from 1901 — 1973 was known as the Institute of Municipal Treasurers and Accountants ) .
until the mid-1970s , what one might call public sector professional accounting practice had been [promoted] by the chartered institute of public finance and accountancy ( which from 1901 — 1973 was known as the institute of municipal treasurers and accountants ) .

This very influential paper was succeeded by others , many also published as Professional Papers , and including exposition of the concept of entropy ( Leopold and Langbein , 1962 ) which is referred to later ( p. 159 ) although the emphasis upon contemporary environments which was being promulgated was reconciled to some extent with the more historical approaches by the time-scales devised by Schumm and Lichty ( 1965 ) as indicated at the beginning of chapter 8 ( p. 162 ) .
this very influential paper was succeeded by others , many also published as professional papers , and including exposition of the concept of entropy ( leopold and langbein , 1962 ) which is referred to later ( p. 159 ) although the emphasis upon contemporary environments which was being [promoted] was reconciled to some extent with the more historical approaches by the time-scales devised by schumm and lichty ( 1965 ) as indicated at the beginning of chapter 8 ( p. 162 ) .

Instead of the Baroque or modern architect , Sitte promulgated the values of the mediaeval master builder .
instead of the baroque or modern architect , sitte [promoted] the values of the mediaeval master builder .

Admiration for the Soviet Union was wide-spread among Labour Party members and the Fabian leaders , Sidney and Beatrice Webb , promulgated the belief that out of Soviet Communism would spring a new civilisation .
admiration for the soviet union was wide-spread among labour party members and the fabian leaders , sidney and beatrice webb , [promoted] the belief that out of soviet communism would spring a new civilisation .

The Parquet had existed , he thought , since at least 1883 when a reforming Minister of Justice had unearthed in his office some Arabic translations of parts of the French Code Napoleon and promulgated them as the new Egyptian legal system .
the parquet had existed , he thought , since at least 1883 when a reforming minister of justice had unearthed in his office some arabic translations of parts of the french code napoleon and [promoted] them as the new egyptian legal system .

Two codes of practice have been promulgated by the Law Society relating to Publicity and to Introductions and Referrals .
two codes of practice have been [promoted] by the law society relating to publicity and to introductions and referrals .

Rule 2 of the Solicitors ' Practice Rules 1990 provides : Solicitors may at their discretion publicise their practices , or permit other persons to do so , or publicise the businesses or activities of other persons , provided there is no breach of these rules and provided there is compliance with a Solicitors ' Publicity Code promulgated from time to time by the Council of the Law Society with the concurrence of the Master of the Rolls .
rule 2 of the solicitors ' practice rules 1990 provides : solicitors may at their discretion publicise their practices , or permit other persons to do so , or publicise the businesses or activities of other persons , provided there is no breach of these rules and provided there is compliance with a solicitors ' publicity code [promoted] from time to time by the council of the law society with the concurrence of the master of the rolls .

At the time that the Founding Fathers promulgated the United States Constitution in Philadelphia , a written constitution was exceptional .
at the time that the founding fathers [promoted] the united states constitution in philadelphia , a written constitution was exceptional .

Its counterpart , promulgated 101 years later ( to the day ) began ‘ audiovisual communication is free ’ .
its counterpart , [promoted] 101 years later ( to the day ) began ‘ audiovisual communication is free ’ .

Egypt strongly resisted this move and promulgated a decree that the Arab Organisation for Industrialisation was still an international organisation with its business headquarters in Cairo .
egypt strongly resisted this move and [promoted] a decree that the arab organisation for industrialisation was still an international organisation with its business headquarters in cairo .

The Imperial Rescript on Education was promulgated in October 1890 and thereafter read regularly in the schools of the empire until all children knew it by heart .
the imperial rescript on education was [promoted] in october 1890 and thereafter read regularly in the schools of the empire until all children knew it by heart .

The principal vehicles for this analysis are the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods , because of its major importance in private commercial law ; the Unidroit Conventions on International factoring and International financial Leasing , with which the writer has been involved from the early days of their conception ; and the rules and trade terms promulgated by the International Chamber of Commerce , which demonstrate how much can be achieved by the contractual approach to the harmonization of commercial law and practice , and which will be given particular attention later .
the principal vehicles for this analysis are the united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods , because of its major importance in private commercial law ; the unidroit conventions on international factoring and international financial leasing , with which the writer has been involved from the early days of their conception ; and the rules and trade terms [promoted] by the international chamber of commerce , which demonstrate how much can be achieved by the contractual approach to the harmonization of commercial law and practice , and which will be given particular attention later .

a codification of custom and usage promulgated by an international non-governmental organization ;
a codification of custom and usage [promoted] by an international non-governmental organization ;

international trade terms promulgated by such an organization ;
international trade terms [promoted] by such an organization ;

Tanzania 's 1990 investment promotion decree , promulgated after lengthy internal political debate , illustrates just how troublesome are the dilemmas for the poorest countries ; a question to which we return in chapter 7 .
tanzania 's 1990 investment promotion decree , [promoted] after lengthy internal political debate , illustrates just how troublesome are the dilemmas for the poorest countries ; a question to which we return in chapter 7 .

Rather , the authority of law rested solely on the fact that it was promulgated by the authorized ruler .
rather , the authority of law rested solely on the fact that it was [promoted] by the authorized ruler .

The statute was promulgated during Lent , in the hope that abstention would find the peasants in subdued mood .
the statute was [promoted] during lent , in the hope that abstention would find the peasants in subdued mood .

But even before the Statute of 1861 was promulgated , radicals were abandoning these hopes and those who counselled patience came under fire .
but even before the statute of 1861 was [promoted] , radicals were abandoning these hopes and those who counselled patience came under fire .

Although the great American Thomas Jefferson in 1807 used the term `` public relations `` , and in England the pen was mighty and writers such as Swift and Dickens promulgated their ideas hoping to change public opinion about a whole host of social or scientific or political issues , until the First World War , public relations was thought of as propaganda .
although the great american thomas jefferson in 1807 used the term `` public relations `` , and in england the pen was mighty and writers such as swift and dickens [promoted] their ideas hoping to change public opinion about a whole host of social or scientific or political issues , until the first world war , public relations was thought of as propaganda .

And yet the same claim , when promulgated by Robert Graves , then by Dr Schonfield in The Passover Plot , attracted as much scandal and incredulity as if it had never been broached before .
and yet the same claim , when [promoted] by robert graves , then by dr schonfield in the passover plot , attracted as much scandal and incredulity as if it had never been broached before .

The knowledge today is both accessible and safely promulgated .
the knowledge today is both accessible and safely [promoted] .

By the Edict of Milan , promulgated in 313 , he forbade persecution of all forms of monotheism in the Empire .
by the edict of milan , [promoted] in 313 , he forbade persecution of all forms of monotheism in the empire .

Christian doctrine , as promulgated by Rome at the time , had much in common with the cult of Sol Invictus anyway ; and thus it was able to flourish unmolested under the sun cult 's umbrella of tolerance .
christian doctrine , as [promoted] by rome at the time , had much in common with the cult of sol invictus anyway ; and thus it was able to flourish unmolested under the sun cult 's umbrella of tolerance .

By an edict promulgated in 321 , for example , Constantine ordered the law courts closed on ‘ the venerable day of the sun ’ , decreeing that this be a day of rest .
by an edict [promoted] in 321 , for example , constantine ordered the law courts closed on ‘ the venerable day of the sun ’ , decreeing that this be a day of rest .

It adapted itself to the world in which it was being promulgated .
it adapted itself to the world in which it was being [promoted] .

As promulgated .
as [promoted] .

TNCs get involved in host country politics , and the cultureideology of consumerism is largely promulgated through the transnational corporations involved in mass media and advertising .
tncs get involved in host country politics , and the cultureideology of consumerism is largely [promoted] through the transnational corporations involved in mass media and advertising .

In April 1974 the regime was overthrown in a bloodless coup led by young Army officers , and in 1976 a new democratic Constitution was promulgated .
in april 1974 the regime was overthrown in a bloodless coup led by young army officers , and in 1976 a new democratic constitution was [promoted] .

On April 27 Sarney announced provisional measures regulating the right to strike by workers in essential services ( although the right of all workers to strike had been enshrined in the new Constitution promulgated in October 1988 ) .
on april 27 sarney announced provisional measures regulating the right to strike by workers in essential services ( although the right of all workers to strike had been enshrined in the new constitution [promoted] in october 1988 ) .

The President of Fiji , Ratu Sir Penaia Ganilau , formally promulgated a new Constitution on July 25 , which was designed to ensure that political power remained in the hands of the country 's ethnic Melanesian population .
the president of fiji , ratu sir penaia ganilau , formally [promoted] a new constitution on july 25 , which was designed to ensure that political power remained in the hands of the country 's ethnic melanesian population .

The provisional basic law promulgated on Sept. 29 , 1982 , provided for an executive presidency governing through a Council of Ministers .
the provisional basic law [promoted] on sept. 29 , 1982 , provided for an executive presidency governing through a council of ministers .

The Special Courts for Speedy Trial Ordinance 1990 promulgated by the President on Aug. 28 approved the creation of more courts operating at district level .
the special courts for speedy trial ordinance 1990 [promoted] by the president on aug. 28 approved the creation of more courts operating at district level .

Under the 1976 Organic Law promulgated in Portugal , Macao , hitherto a Portuguese Overseas Province , was redefined as a Special Territory under Portuguese administration ; it will revert to Chinese rule in 1999 , the Chinese government having already , in 1988 , established a Macao Special Administrative region .
under the 1976 organic law [promoted] in portugal , macao , hitherto a portuguese overseas province , was redefined as a special territory under portuguese administration ; it will revert to chinese rule in 1999 , the chinese government having already , in 1988 , established a macao special administrative region .

The Council of Ministers endorsed and promulgated a resolution on tourism on Oct. 4 , 1989 , placing the management of the tourist industry under the control of the Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economics Relations .
the council of ministers endorsed and [promoted] a resolution on tourism on oct. 4 , 1989 , placing the management of the tourist industry under the control of the ministry of foreign trade and economics relations .

Even the Secret Committee had a reason for allowing the Rescript to be promulgated : by committing itself to a relatively modest programme of reform , the government seemed to be discouraging radicals from pressing their case .
even the secret committee had a reason for allowing the rescript to be [promoted] : by committing itself to a relatively modest programme of reform , the government seemed to be discouraging radicals from pressing their case .

Models for broadening the curriculum have begun to be formulated but so far no developed model , together with suitable resources , has been promulgated .
models for broadening the curriculum have begun to be formulated but so far no developed model , together with suitable resources , has been [promoted] .

The next step is to furnish a first draft of the proposed order and to settle the draft in due course , and in drawing the order the agent has particular regard to the value of precedents and a number of model clauses promulgated by the model clauses committee in parliament .
the next step is to furnish a first draft of the proposed order and to settle the draft in due course , and in drawing the order the agent has particular regard to the value of precedents and a number of model clauses [promoted] by the model clauses committee in parliament .

Under the terms of the 1939 Law of the Administration of the State , Franco could have promulgated the Law of Succession without previously presenting it to the Cortes .
under the terms of the 1939 law of the administration of the state , franco could have [promoted] the law of succession without previously presenting it to the cortes .

69 All individuals on the Register shall be required to conform to the Rules of Conduct promulgated by the Council .
69 all individuals on the register shall be required to conform to the rules of conduct [promoted] by the council .

The Council may provide that the provisions of any Codes of Practice promulgated by it shall be available to and shall be taken into account by the investigating and disciplinary bodies and , if appropriate , the appeals committee in determining whether or not an individual on the Register has failed to comply with the Rules of Conduct or is otherwise liable to disciplinary action pursuant to the Charter .
the council may provide that the provisions of any codes of practice [promoted] by it shall be available to and shall be taken into account by the investigating and disciplinary bodies and , if appropriate , the appeals committee in determining whether or not an individual on the register has failed to comply with the rules of conduct or is otherwise liable to disciplinary action pursuant to the charter .

Two currently prevailing ideas are promulgated in this letter .
two currently prevailing ideas are [promoted] in this letter .

It is clearly related to learning , but whereas learning is a matter of accepting and understanding ideas which others have already promulgated , scientific discovery involves the acceptance and understanding of ideas which have not occurred to others , or which have not been published by others .
it is clearly related to learning , but whereas learning is a matter of accepting and understanding ideas which others have already [promoted] , scientific discovery involves the acceptance and understanding of ideas which have not occurred to others , or which have not been published by others .

The law was promulgated on June 24 by President Mitterrand , who announced on July 1 that the referendum to approve the Treaty would be held on Sept. 20 .
the law was [promoted] on june 24 by president mitterrand , who announced on july 1 that the referendum to approve the treaty would be held on sept. 20 .

No later than six months after signature of the Treaty a new Union constitution would be promulgated , followed by fresh elections to the Congress of People 's Deputies .
no later than six months after signature of the treaty a new union constitution would be [promoted] , followed by fresh elections to the congress of people 's deputies .

Along with the ending of the " Period of Rebellion " President Lee also formally announced the termination of the " Temporary Provisions " ( effective during the " rebellion " ) and promulgated a number of major amendments to the country 's Constitution [ see p. 37917 for President Lee 's December 1990 announcement of his intention to rescind the Temporary Provisions and also for Kuomintang approval of a constitutional reform package ] .
along with the ending of the " period of rebellion " president lee also formally announced the termination of the " temporary provisions " ( effective during the " rebellion " ) and [promoted] a number of major amendments to the country 's constitution [ see p. 37917 for president lee 's december 1990 announcement of his intention to rescind the temporary provisions and also for kuomintang approval of a constitutional reform package ] .

On April 12 the National Assembly ( lower house of parliament ) approved a bill on Corsica 's status , replacing special provisions in decentralization legislation promulgated in 1982 [ see pp .
on april 12 the national assembly ( lower house of parliament ) approved a bill on corsica 's status , replacing special provisions in decentralization legislation [promoted] in 1982 [ see pp .

On June 27 a document was promulgated declaring the unification of the `` two Krajinas `` — the `` Autonomous Region `` and the Bosanska Krajina municipal community .
on june 27 a document was [promoted] declaring the unification of the `` two krajinas `` — the `` autonomous region `` and the bosanska krajina municipal community .

The final document provided for a powerful president and inevitably , shortly after the constitution had been promulgated , Kaysone Phomvihane was elected President .
the final document provided for a powerful president and inevitably , shortly after the constitution had been [promoted] , kaysone phomvihane was elected president .

The Constitution promulgated in November 1990 specifies that no law may be adopted which bans , or imposes restrictions on , political parties .
the constitution [promoted] in november 1990 specifies that no law may be adopted which bans , or imposes restrictions on , political parties .

The present Constitution promulgated in April 1973 provides for a parliamentary system and a bicameral federal legislature consisting of a 217-member lower house ( the National Assembly ) elected every five years and an 87-member upper house ( the Senate ) elected every six years , with one-third of its members relinquishing their seats every two years .
the present constitution [promoted] in april 1973 provides for a parliamentary system and a bicameral federal legislature consisting of a 217-member lower house ( the national assembly ) elected every five years and an 87-member upper house ( the senate ) elected every six years , with one-third of its members relinquishing their seats every two years .

Under an interim constitution promulgated at the start of the month , the National Assembly had no fixed term ; its primary task was to draft a new Constitution with a view to the holding of a general election before the end of 1991 .
under an interim constitution [promoted] at the start of the month , the national assembly had no fixed term ; its primary task was to draft a new constitution with a view to the holding of a general election before the end of 1991 .

On Sept. 2 the Constitutional Council ( i.e. court ) ruled that the law promulgated on June 24 to allow ratification [ see p. 38942 ] was constitutional despite a case brought in mid-August by Pasqua and 69 other senators alleging unconstitutionality on various counts including that of the Danish referendum result rendering the whole process invalid .
on sept. 2 the constitutional council ( i.e. court ) ruled that the law [promoted] on june 24 to allow ratification [ see p. 38942 ] was constitutional despite a case brought in mid-august by pasqua and 69 other senators alleging unconstitutionality on various counts including that of the danish referendum result rendering the whole process invalid .

The new post-coup Constitution , promulgated on July 25 after nearly two years of consultations , established Fiji as a sovereign , democratic republic with a bicameral legislature .
the new post-coup constitution , [promoted] on july 25 after nearly two years of consultations , established fiji as a sovereign , democratic republic with a bicameral legislature .

Following parliamentary ratification , Chissano promulgated on Oct. 14 legislation approving the actual peace treaty as well as a general political amnesty .
following parliamentary ratification , chissano [promoted] on oct. 14 legislation approving the actual peace treaty as well as a general political amnesty .

However , new public order legislation was promulgated which effectively allowed the Secretary for the Interior to continue to detain individuals on a wide range of grounds .
however , new public order legislation was [promoted] which effectively allowed the secretary for the interior to continue to detain individuals on a wide range of grounds .

The report , described by the Independent of April 21 as a " damning litany of broken promises and mixed opportunities " , also expressed serious doubts about protection offered to the colony 's judiciary , its legislature and people by the Basic Law , the post-1997 constitution promulgated by China in 1990 [ see p. 37248 ] .
the report , described by the independent of april 21 as a " damning litany of broken promises and mixed opportunities " , also expressed serious doubts about protection offered to the colony 's judiciary , its legislature and people by the basic law , the post-1997 constitution [promoted] by china in 1990 [ see p. 37248 ] .

Under the new law , promulgated by Biya on Dec. 19 , the authorities would have to give reasons for refusing an application , and registered parties would receive state support during election campaigns .
under the new law , [promoted] by biya on dec. 19 , the authorities would have to give reasons for refusing an application , and registered parties would receive state support during election campaigns .

Pollitt argues that the model of medical audit promulgated by the leaders of the profession was designed to ensure that the process was `` a nonthreatening activity carried out only by doctors and rigorously protected from the public gaze `` ( Pollitt 1992 : 4 ) .
pollitt argues that the model of medical audit [promoted] by the leaders of the profession was designed to ensure that the process was `` a nonthreatening activity carried out only by doctors and rigorously protected from the public gaze `` ( pollitt 1992 : 4 ) .

Dionysiac wisdom was now promulgated openly , ( sometimes through its own mythology , although more often ) it was mediated through the Olympian mythology associated with Homeric epic .
dionysiac wisdom was now [promoted] openly , ( sometimes through its own mythology , although more often ) it was mediated through the olympian mythology associated with homeric epic .

The modus vivendi was not signed , but it was promulgated in January 1948 in the minutes of the Combined Policy Committee so as to avoid reference to Congress or to the United Nations , which would have been necessary for a formal international agreement .
the modus vivendi was not signed , but it was [promoted] in january 1948 in the minutes of the combined policy committee so as to avoid reference to congress or to the united nations , which would have been necessary for a formal international agreement .

The government has nevertheless seen fit to give the new rules an official stamp by publishing them in its Journal Officiel , through which all new laws and decrees are promulgated .
the government has nevertheless seen fit to give the new rules an official stamp by publishing them in its journal officiel , through which all new laws and decrees are [promoted] .

Whether and how the brave new world of social care promulgated by government can be operationalized must in part be answered by reference to the experiences gained in field innovations of the kind we studied .
whether and how the brave new world of social care [promoted] by government can be operationalized must in part be answered by reference to the experiences gained in field innovations of the kind we studied .

an assertion of realism is the first recourse of any oppressed group wishing to combat the ideology promulgated by the media in the interests of hegemonic power . ( Gledhill 1984 , p. 19 )
an assertion of realism is the first recourse of any oppressed group wishing to combat the ideology [promoted] by the media in the interests of hegemonic power . ( gledhill 1984 , p. 19 )

It was what Pound found out the hard way , when the recurrent occasions of The Cantes compelled him time and again , not infrequently , to go against the precepts that he had promulgated himself when he was the fugleman for imagism and vorticism — for instance ( and it is only the most obvious instance ) , the prohibition against archaic diction .
it was what pound found out the hard way , when the recurrent occasions of the cantes compelled him time and again , not infrequently , to go against the precepts that he had [promoted] himself when he was the fugleman for imagism and vorticism — for instance ( and it is only the most obvious instance ) , the prohibition against archaic diction .

Although the government has since promulgated guidelines to standardise analytical methods , doubts remain about whether laboratories can be relied upon not to make technical and clerical mistakes which could result in someone 's discharge .
although the government has since [promoted] guidelines to standardise analytical methods , doubts remain about whether laboratories can be relied upon not to make technical and clerical mistakes which could result in someone 's discharge .

In January 1852 the new Constitution was promulgated .
in january 1852 the new constitution was [promoted] .

Freedoms may also be suspended by Emergency Regulations promulgated by the Privy Council during a national emergency .
freedoms may also be suspended by emergency regulations [promoted] by the privy council during a national emergency .

If the last chapter dealt with the freedom of form of the trust , this one deals with its freedom from formulae : forms of action were not promulgated in advance , as had been done in the edict of the urban praetor .
if the last chapter dealt with the freedom of form of the trust , this one deals with its freedom from formulae : forms of action were not [promoted] in advance , as had been done in the edict of the urban praetor .

The Department of Education and Science has welcomed the report and has already promulgated a similar view in its own Green Paper Science Education in Schools , issued in June 1982 .
the department of education and science has welcomed the report and has already [promoted] a similar view in its own green paper science education in schools , issued in june 1982 .

In France a Déclaration d'Utilité Publique was promulgated by the Prime Minister on May 6 1987 to authorise the compulsory acquisition of land need to build the Tunnel and associated infrastructure , and on June 15 laws number 87–383 and 87–384 authorised the President to ratify the treaty .
in france a déclaration d'utilité publique was [promoted] by the prime minister on may 6 1987 to authorise the compulsory acquisition of land need to build the tunnel and associated infrastructure , and on june 15 laws number 87–383 and 87–384 authorised the president to ratify the treaty .

The position of the Library Association with regard to censorship was made quite clear in a statement promulgated in 1963 :
the position of the library association with regard to censorship was made quite clear in a statement [promoted] in 1963 :

Adopting bar codes , of course , requires a variety of technological investments by business units—in bar code readers and writers , hand scanners , computer hardware and software—and conventions , such as those promulgated by the Uniform Product Council .
adopting bar codes , of course , requires a variety of technological investments by business units—in bar code readers and writers , hand scanners , computer hardware and software—and conventions , such as those [promoted] by the uniform product council .

Office of the General Counsel B-278894 January 15 , 1998 The Honorable William V. Roth , Jr. Chairman The Honorable Daniel Patrick Moynihan Ranking Minority Member Committee on Finance United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives The Honorable William F. Goodling Chairman The Honorable William L. Clay Ranking Minority Member Committee on Education and the Workforce House of Representatives The Honorable Bill Archer Chairman The Honorable Charles B. Rangel Ranking Minority Member Committee on Ways and Means House of Representatives Subject : Department of the Treasury , Internal Revenue Service ; Department of Labor , Pension and Welfare Benefits Administration ; Department of Health and Human Services , Health Care Financing Administration : Interim Rules for Mental Health Parity Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a group of rules which constitute major rules promulgated by the Department of the GAO/OGC-98-22 Treasury , Internal Revenue Service ; Department of Labor , Pension and Welfare Benefits Administration ; and the Department of Health and Human Services , Health Care Financing Administration ; entitled `` Interim Rules for Mental Health Parity '' ( RIN : 1545-AV53 ; 1210-AA62 ; 0938-AI05 ) .
office of the general counsel b-278894 january 15 , 1998 the honorable william v. roth , jr. chairman the honorable daniel patrick moynihan ranking minority member committee on finance united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives the honorable william f. goodling chairman the honorable william l. clay ranking minority member committee on education and the workforce house of representatives the honorable bill archer chairman the honorable charles b. rangel ranking minority member committee on ways and means house of representatives subject : department of the treasury , internal revenue service ; department of labor , pension and welfare benefits administration ; department of health and human services , health care financing administration : interim rules for mental health parity pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a group of rules which constitute major rules [promoted] by the department of the gao/ogc-98-22 treasury , internal revenue service ; department of labor , pension and welfare benefits administration ; and the department of health and human services , health care financing administration ; entitled `` interim rules for mental health parity '' ( rin : 1545-av53 ; 1210-aa62 ; 0938-ai05 ) .

Office of the General Counsel B-279750 April 24 , 1998 The Honorable William V. Roth Chairman The Honorable Daniel Patrick Moynihan Ranking Minority Member Committee on Finance United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives The Honorable Bill Archer Chairman The Honorable Charles B. Rangel Ranking Minority Member Committee on Ways and Means House of Representatives Subject : Department of Health and Human Services , Health Care Financing Administration : Medicare Program ; Schedule of Per-Beneficiary Limitations on Home Health Agency Costs for Cost Reporting Periods Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Health and Human Services , Health Care Financing Administration ( HCFA ) , entitled `` Medicare Program ; Schedule of Per-Beneficiary Limitations on Home Health Agency Costs for Cost Reporting Periods '' ( RIN : 0938-AI84 ) .
office of the general counsel b-279750 april 24 , 1998 the honorable william v. roth chairman the honorable daniel patrick moynihan ranking minority member committee on finance united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives the honorable bill archer chairman the honorable charles b. rangel ranking minority member committee on ways and means house of representatives subject : department of health and human services , health care financing administration : medicare program ; schedule of per-beneficiary limitations on home health agency costs for cost reporting periods pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the department of health and human services , health care financing administration ( hcfa ) , entitled `` medicare program ; schedule of per-beneficiary limitations on home health agency costs for cost reporting periods '' ( rin : 0938-ai84 ) .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule was promulgated pursuant to the authority in section 1861 ( v ) ( 1 ) ( L ) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rule the final rule was [promoted] pursuant to the authority in section 1861 ( v ) ( 1 ) ( l ) of the social security act ( 42 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-271810.3 May 24 , 1996 The Honorable Frank H. Murkowski Chairman The Honorable J. Bennett Johnston Ranking Minority Member Committee on Energy and Natural Resources United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Open Access Same-Time Information System and Standards of Conduct Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ( Commission ) , Department of Energy , entitled `` Open Access Same-Time Information System and Standards of Conduct '' ( Docket No .
office of the general counsel b-271810.3 may 24 , 1996 the honorable frank h. murkowski chairman the honorable j. bennett johnston ranking minority member committee on energy and natural resources united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : open access same-time information system and standards of conduct pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the federal energy regulatory commission ( commission ) , department of energy , entitled `` open access same-time information system and standards of conduct '' ( docket no .

The Commission promulgated the OASIS rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
the commission [promoted] the oasis rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-271810.2 May 7 , 1996 The Honorable Larry Pressler Chairman The Honorable Ernest F. Hollings Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Light Truck Average Fuel Economy Standard , Model Year 1998 Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) , Department of Transportation , entitled `` Light Truck Average Fuel Economy Standard , Model Year 1998 '' ( RIN 2127-AF16 ) .
office of the general counsel b-271810.2 may 7 , 1996 the honorable larry pressler chairman the honorable ernest f. hollings ranking minority member committee on commerce , science , and transportation united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : light truck average fuel economy standard , model year 1998 pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the national highway traffic safety administration ( nhtsa ) , department of transportation , entitled `` light truck average fuel economy standard , model year 1998 '' ( rin 2127-af16 ) .

The rule was promulgated through the general notice of proposed rulemaking procedures of the Act , 5 U.S.C .
the rule was [promoted] through the general notice of proposed rulemaking procedures of the act , 5 u.s.c .

However , section 330 of the Appropriations Act effectively prohibited issuance of any CAFE standard `` that differs from standards promulgated .
however , section 330 of the appropriations act effectively prohibited issuance of any cafe standard `` that differs from standards [promoted] .

NHTSA noted that the only other possible interpretation of section 330 was to treat the phrase `` standards promulgated .
nhtsa noted that the only other possible interpretation of section 330 was to treat the phrase `` standards [promoted] .

In addition to the 20.7 mpg standard , nine other light truck standards -- ranging from 17.5 to 21.0 mpg -- were promulgated for prior model years.1 However , NHTSA rejected this interpretation on the basis that it could also conflict with the `` maximum feasible '' criteria under 49 U.S.C .
in addition to the 20.7 mpg standard , nine other light truck standards -- ranging from 17.5 to 21.0 mpg -- were [promoted] for prior model years.1 however , nhtsa rejected this interpretation on the basis that it could also conflict with the `` maximum feasible '' criteria under 49 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-275317 October 31 , 1996 The Honorable Richard G. Lugar Chairman The Honorable Patrick J. Leahy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Agriculture , Nutrition , and Forestry United States Senate The Honorable Pat Roberts Chairman The Honorable E ( Kika ) de la Garza Ranking Minority Member Committee on Agriculture House of Representatives Subject : Department of Agriculture : Food Stamp Program-Child Support Deduction Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by Department of Agriculture , entitled `` Food Stamp Program : Child Support Deduction . ''
office of the general counsel b-275317 october 31 , 1996 the honorable richard g. lugar chairman the honorable patrick j. leahy ranking minority member committee on agriculture , nutrition , and forestry united states senate the honorable pat roberts chairman the honorable e ( kika ) de la garza ranking minority member committee on agriculture house of representatives subject : department of agriculture : food stamp program-child support deduction pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by department of agriculture , entitled `` food stamp program : child support deduction . ''

The Department promulgated this rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
the department [promoted] this rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

In 1996 , through the joint efforts of the Treasury , OMB , and GAO , a body of generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) covering most transactions was promulgated for the Federal government .
in 1996 , through the joint efforts of the treasury , omb , and gao , a body of generally accepted accounting principles ( gaap ) covering most transactions was [promoted] for the federal government .

Office of the General Counsel B-279325 March 11 , 1998 The Honorable Richard G. Lugar Chairman The Honorable Tom Harkin Ranking Minority Member Committee on Agriculture , Nutrition , and Forestry United States Senate The Honorable William F. Goodling Chairman The Honorable William L. Clay Ranking Minority Member Committee on Education and the Workforce House of Representatives Subject : Department of Agriculture , Food and Consumer Service : Child and Adult Care Food Program : Improved Targeting of Day Care Home Reimbursements Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Agriculture , Food and Consumer Service , entitled `` Child and Adult Care Food Program : Improved Targeting of Day Care Home Reimbursements '' ( RIN : 0584-AC42 ) .
office of the general counsel b-279325 march 11 , 1998 the honorable richard g. lugar chairman the honorable tom harkin ranking minority member committee on agriculture , nutrition , and forestry united states senate the honorable william f. goodling chairman the honorable william l. clay ranking minority member committee on education and the workforce house of representatives subject : department of agriculture , food and consumer service : child and adult care food program : improved targeting of day care home reimbursements pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the department of agriculture , food and consumer service , entitled `` child and adult care food program : improved targeting of day care home reimbursements '' ( rin : 0584-ac42 ) .

Office of the General Counsel B-276130 February 25 , 1997 The Honorable Alfonse M. D'Amato Chairman The Honorable Paul S. Sarbanes Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Securities and Exchange Commission : Disclosure of Accounting Policies for Derivative Financial Instruments and Derivative Commodity Instruments Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) , entitled `` Disclosure of Accounting Policies for Derivative Financial Instruments and Derivative Commodity Instruments '' ( RIN : 3235-AG42/RIN : 3235-AG77 ) .
office of the general counsel b-276130 february 25 , 1997 the honorable alfonse m. d'amato chairman the honorable paul s. sarbanes ranking minority member committee on banking , housing , and urban affairs united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : securities and exchange commission : disclosure of accounting policies for derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the securities and exchange commission ( sec ) , entitled `` disclosure of accounting policies for derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments '' ( rin : 3235-ag42/rin : 3235-ag77 ) .

The final rule was promulgated using the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
the final rule was [promoted] using the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

This rule , promulgated by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of Executive Order 12866 .
this rule , [promoted] by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of executive order 12866 .

Office of the General Counsel B-271810 April 26 , 1996 The Honorable John H. Chafee Chairman The Honorable Max Baucus Ranking Minority Member Committee on Environment and Public Works United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Revision of Fee Schedules ; 100 % Fee Recovery , FY 1966 Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission entitled `` Revision of Fee Schedules ; 100 % Fee Recovery , FY 1966 '' ( RIN 3150-AF39 ) .
office of the general counsel b-271810 april 26 , 1996 the honorable john h. chafee chairman the honorable max baucus ranking minority member committee on environment and public works united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : revision of fee schedules ; 100 % fee recovery , fy 1966 pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the nuclear regulatory commission entitled `` revision of fee schedules ; 100 % fee recovery , fy 1966 '' ( rin 3150-af39 ) .

The rule was promulgated through the general notice of proposed rulemaking procedures of the Act , 5 U.S.C .
the rule was [promoted] through the general notice of proposed rulemaking procedures of the act , 5 u.s.c .

The rule , promulgated by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of Executive Order No .
the rule , [promoted] by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of executive order no .

Office of the General Counsel B-274387 September 13 , 1996 The Honorable William V. Roth , Jr. Chairman The Honorable Daniel Patrick Moynihan Ranking Minority Member Committee on Finance United States Senate The Honorable Bill Archer Chairman The Honorable Sam M. Gibbons Ranking Minority Member Committee on Ways and Means House of Representatives Subject : Health Care Financing Administration , Department of Health and Human Services : Medicare Program ; Changes to the Hospital Inpatient Prospective Payment Systems and Fiscal Year 1997 Rates Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Health Care Financing Administration , Department of Health and Human Services ( HCFA ) , entitled `` Medicare Program ; Changes to the Hospital Inpatient Prospective Payment Systems and Fiscal Year 1997 Rates '' ( RIN : 0938-AH34 ) .
office of the general counsel b-274387 september 13 , 1996 the honorable william v. roth , jr. chairman the honorable daniel patrick moynihan ranking minority member committee on finance united states senate the honorable bill archer chairman the honorable sam m. gibbons ranking minority member committee on ways and means house of representatives subject : health care financing administration , department of health and human services : medicare program ; changes to the hospital inpatient prospective payment systems and fiscal year 1997 rates pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the health care financing administration , department of health and human services ( hcfa ) , entitled `` medicare program ; changes to the hospital inpatient prospective payment systems and fiscal year 1997 rates '' ( rin : 0938-ah34 ) .

With the exception of the matter discussed below , HCFA promulgated the changes to the Medicare prospective payment systems under the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
with the exception of the matter discussed below , hcfa [promoted] the changes to the medicare prospective payment systems under the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-279224 February 23 , 1998 The Honorable William V. Roth Chairman The Honorable Daniel Patrick Moynihan Ranking Minority Member Committee on Finance United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives The Honorable Bill Archer Chairman The Honorable Charles B. Rangel Ranking Minority Member Committee on Ways and Means House of Representatives Subject : Department of Health and Human Services , Health Care Financing Administration : Medicare and Medicaid Programs ; Salary Equivalency Guidelines for Physical Therapy , Respiratory Therapy , Speech Language Pathology , and Occupational Therapy Services Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Health and Human Services , Health Care Financing Administration , entitled `` Medicare and Medicaid Programs ; Salary Equivalency Guidelines for Physical Therapy , Respiratory Therapy , Speech Language Pathology , and Occupational Therapy Services '' ( RIN : 0938-AG70 ) .
office of the general counsel b-279224 february 23 , 1998 the honorable william v. roth chairman the honorable daniel patrick moynihan ranking minority member committee on finance united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives the honorable bill archer chairman the honorable charles b. rangel ranking minority member committee on ways and means house of representatives subject : department of health and human services , health care financing administration : medicare and medicaid programs ; salary equivalency guidelines for physical therapy , respiratory therapy , speech language pathology , and occupational therapy services pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the department of health and human services , health care financing administration , entitled `` medicare and medicaid programs ; salary equivalency guidelines for physical therapy , respiratory therapy , speech language pathology , and occupational therapy services '' ( rin : 0938-ag70 ) .

Office of the General Counsel B-272939 August 8 , 1996 The Honorable Larry Pressler Chairman The Honorable Ernest F. Hollings Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Federal Communications Commission : Interconnection and Resale Obligations Pertaining to Commercial Mobile Radio Services Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Federal Communications Commission , entitled `` Report and Order : Interconnection and Resale Obligations Pertaining to Commercial Mobile Radio Services '' ( FCC-96-263 ) .
office of the general counsel b-272939 august 8 , 1996 the honorable larry pressler chairman the honorable ernest f. hollings ranking minority member committee on commerce , science , and transportation united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : federal communications commission : interconnection and resale obligations pertaining to commercial mobile radio services pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the federal communications commission , entitled `` report and order : interconnection and resale obligations pertaining to commercial mobile radio services '' ( fcc-96-263 ) .

The Commission promulgated this rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
the commission [promoted] this rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-271810.6 May 23 , 1996 The Honorable Alfonse M. D'Amato Chairman The Honorable Paul S. Sarbanes Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Securities Credit Transactions ; Review of Regulation T , `` Credit by Brokers and Dealers '' Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System , entitled `` Securities Credit Transactions ; Review of Regulation T , 'Credit by Brokers and Dealers ' '' ( RIN 7100-AB28 ) .
office of the general counsel b-271810.6 may 23 , 1996 the honorable alfonse m. d'amato chairman the honorable paul s. sarbanes ranking minority member committee on banking , housing , and urban affairs united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : securities credit transactions ; review of regulation t , `` credit by brokers and dealers '' pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the board of governors of the federal reserve system , entitled `` securities credit transactions ; review of regulation t , 'credit by brokers and dealers ' '' ( rin 7100-ab28 ) .

The rule was promulgated through the notice and comment rulemaking procedures of the Act , 5 U.S.C .
the rule was [promoted] through the notice and comment rulemaking procedures of the act , 5 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-276901 May 15 , 1997 The Honorable John H. Chafee Chairman The Honorable Max Baucus Ranking Minority Member Committee on Environment and Public Works United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Environmental Protection Agency : Addition of Facilities in Certain Industry Sectors ; Revised Interpretation of Otherwise Use ; Toxic Release Inventory ; Community Right-to-Know Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , entitled `` Addition of Facilities in Certain Industry Sectors ; Revised Interpretation of Otherwise Use ; Toxic Release Inventory ; Community Right-to-Know '' ( RIN : 2070-AC71 ) .
office of the general counsel b-276901 may 15 , 1997 the honorable john h. chafee chairman the honorable max baucus ranking minority member committee on environment and public works united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : environmental protection agency : addition of facilities in certain industry sectors ; revised interpretation of otherwise use ; toxic release inventory ; community right-to-know pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the environmental protection agency ( epa ) , entitled `` addition of facilities in certain industry sectors ; revised interpretation of otherwise use ; toxic release inventory ; community right-to-know '' ( rin : 2070-ac71 ) .

The rules were promulgated using the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
the rules were [promoted] using the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-277047 June 2 , 1997 The Honorable Alfonse M. D'Amato Chairman The Honorable Paul S. Sarbanes Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Securities and Exchange Commission : Rules Implementing Amendments to the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 ( Rule 203A-2 ) Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission , entitled `` Rules Implementing Amendments to the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 ( Rule 203A-2 ) '' ( RIN : 3235-AH07 ) .
office of the general counsel b-277047 june 2 , 1997 the honorable alfonse m. d'amato chairman the honorable paul s. sarbanes ranking minority member committee on banking , housing , and urban affairs united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : securities and exchange commission : rules implementing amendments to the investment advisers act of 1940 ( rule 203a-2 ) pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the securities and exchange commission , entitled `` rules implementing amendments to the investment advisers act of 1940 ( rule 203a-2 ) '' ( rin : 3235-ah07 ) .

The final rule was promulgated using the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
the final rule was [promoted] using the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

The rule , promulgated by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of Executive Order No .
the rule , [promoted] by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of executive order no .

Office of the General Counsel B-274091 August 19 , 1996 The Honorable Larry Pressler Chairman The Honorable Ernest F. Hollings Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Federal Communications Commission : Revision of the Commission 's Rules To Ensure Compatibility with Enhanced 911 Emergency Calling Systems ( Wireless E911 Rules ) Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Federal Communications Commission , entitled `` Revision of the Commission 's Rules To Ensure Compatibility with Enhanced 911 Emergency Calling Systems ( Wireless E911 Rules ) '' ( FCC-96-264 ) .
office of the general counsel b-274091 august 19 , 1996 the honorable larry pressler chairman the honorable ernest f. hollings ranking minority member committee on commerce , science , and transportation united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : federal communications commission : revision of the commission 's rules to ensure compatibility with enhanced 911 emergency calling systems ( wireless e911 rules ) pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the federal communications commission , entitled `` revision of the commission 's rules to ensure compatibility with enhanced 911 emergency calling systems ( wireless e911 rules ) '' ( fcc-96-264 ) .

The Commission promulgated this rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
the commission [promoted] this rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-278931 January 23 , 1998 The Honorable James M. Jeffords Chairman The Honorable Edward M. Kennedy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Labor and Human Resources United States Senate The Honorable William F. Goodling Chairman The Honorable William L. Clay Ranking Minority Member Committee on Education and the Workforce House of Representatives Subject : Department of Labor , Occupational Safety and Health Administration : Respiratory Protection Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Labor , Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) , entitled `` Respiratory Protection '' ( RIN : 1218-AA05 ) .
office of the general counsel b-278931 january 23 , 1998 the honorable james m. jeffords chairman the honorable edward m. kennedy ranking minority member committee on labor and human resources united states senate the honorable william f. goodling chairman the honorable william l. clay ranking minority member committee on education and the workforce house of representatives subject : department of labor , occupational safety and health administration : respiratory protection pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the department of labor , occupational safety and health administration ( osha ) , entitled `` respiratory protection '' ( rin : 1218-aa05 ) .

Office of the General Counsel B-272425.1 July 16 , 1996 The Honorable John H. Chafee Chairman The Honorable Max Baucus Ranking Minority Member Committee on Environment and Public Works United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Regulation of Fuels and Fuel Additives : Certification Standards for Deposit Control Gasoline Additives Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency , entitled `` Regulation of Fuels and Fuel Additives : Certification Standards for Deposit Control Gasoline Additives '' ( RIN : 2060-AG06 ; FRL # 5528-5 ) .
office of the general counsel b-272425.1 july 16 , 1996 the honorable john h. chafee chairman the honorable max baucus ranking minority member committee on environment and public works united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : regulation of fuels and fuel additives : certification standards for deposit control gasoline additives pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the environmental protection agency , entitled `` regulation of fuels and fuel additives : certification standards for deposit control gasoline additives '' ( rin : 2060-ag06 ; frl # 5528-5 ) .

Office of the General Counsel B-276723 April 24 , 1997 The Honorable William V. Roth , Jr. , Chairman The Honorable Daniel P. Moynihan Ranking Minority Member Committee on Finance United States Senate The Honorable James M. Jeffords , Chairman The Honorable Edward M. Kennedy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Labor and Human Resources United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. , Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives The Honorable William F. Goodling , Chairman The Honorable William L. Clay Ranking Minority Member Committee on Education and the Workforce House of Representatives The Honorable Bill Archer , Chairman The Honorable Charles B. Rangel Ranking Minority Member Committee on Ways and Means House of Representatives Subject : Department of Treasury , Internal Revenue Service ; Department of Labor , Pension and Welfare Benefits Administration ; and the Department of Health and Human Services , Health Care Financing Administration : Interim Rules for Health Insurance Portability for Group Health Plans Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on major rules promulgated by Department of Treasury , Internal Revenue Service ; GAO/OGC-97-39 Department of Labor , Pension and Welfare Benefits Administration ; and the Department of Health and Human Services , Health Care Financing Administration ( the Departments ) entitled , `` Interim Rules for Health Insurance Portability for Group Health Plans '' ( RIN : 1545-AV05 , 1210-AA54 , and 0938-AI08 ) .
office of the general counsel b-276723 april 24 , 1997 the honorable william v. roth , jr. , chairman the honorable daniel p. moynihan ranking minority member committee on finance united states senate the honorable james m. jeffords , chairman the honorable edward m. kennedy ranking minority member committee on labor and human resources united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. , chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives the honorable william f. goodling , chairman the honorable william l. clay ranking minority member committee on education and the workforce house of representatives the honorable bill archer , chairman the honorable charles b. rangel ranking minority member committee on ways and means house of representatives subject : department of treasury , internal revenue service ; department of labor , pension and welfare benefits administration ; and the department of health and human services , health care financing administration : interim rules for health insurance portability for group health plans pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on major rules [promoted] by department of treasury , internal revenue service ; gao/ogc-97-39 department of labor , pension and welfare benefits administration ; and the department of health and human services , health care financing administration ( the departments ) entitled , `` interim rules for health insurance portability for group health plans '' ( rin : 1545-av05 , 1210-aa54 , and 0938-ai08 ) .

Office of the General Counsel B-276123 February 14 , 1997 The Honorable John McCain Chairman The Honorable Ernest F. Hollings Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Federal Communications Commission : Unlicensed NII Devices in the 5 GHz Frequency Range Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , entitled `` Unlicensed NII Devices in the 5 GHz Frequency Range '' ( ET Docket No .
office of the general counsel b-276123 february 14 , 1997 the honorable john mccain chairman the honorable ernest f. hollings ranking minority member committee on commerce , science , and transportation united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : federal communications commission : unlicensed nii devices in the 5 ghz frequency range pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the federal communications commission ( fcc ) , entitled `` unlicensed nii devices in the 5 ghz frequency range '' ( et docket no .

The FCC promulgated this rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
the fcc [promoted] this rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

The rule , promulgated by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of Executive Order No .
the rule , [promoted] by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of executive order no .

Office of the General Counsel B-276990 May 27 , 1997 The Honorable Richard G. Lugar Chairman The Honorable Tom Harkin Ranking Minority Member Committee on Agriculture , Nutrition , and Forestry United States Senate The Honorable Bob Smith Chairman The Honorable Charles W. Stenholm Ranking Minority Member Committee on Agriculture House of Representatives Subject : Department of Agriculture , Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service : Importation of Pork from Sonora , Mexico Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Agriculture , Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service , entitled `` Importation of Pork from Sonora , Mexico '' ( RIN : 0579-AA71 ) .
office of the general counsel b-276990 may 27 , 1997 the honorable richard g. lugar chairman the honorable tom harkin ranking minority member committee on agriculture , nutrition , and forestry united states senate the honorable bob smith chairman the honorable charles w. stenholm ranking minority member committee on agriculture house of representatives subject : department of agriculture , animal and plant health inspection service : importation of pork from sonora , mexico pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the department of agriculture , animal and plant health inspection service , entitled `` importation of pork from sonora , mexico '' ( rin : 0579-aa71 ) .

Office of the General Counsel B-272364.1 July 5 , 1996 The Honorable John McCain Chairman The Honorable Daniel K. Inouye Vice Chairman Committee on Indian Affairs United States Senate The Honorable Don Young Chairman The Honorable George Miller Ranking Minority Member Committee on Resources House of Representatives Subject : Contracts Under the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of the Interior , Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Department of Health and Human Services , Indian Health Services , entitled `` Contracts Under the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act '' ( RINs : 1076-AD21 and 0905-AC98 ) .
office of the general counsel b-272364.1 july 5 , 1996 the honorable john mccain chairman the honorable daniel k. inouye vice chairman committee on indian affairs united states senate the honorable don young chairman the honorable george miller ranking minority member committee on resources house of representatives subject : contracts under the indian self-determination and education assistance act pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the department of the interior , bureau of indian affairs and the department of health and human services , indian health services , entitled `` contracts under the indian self-determination and education assistance act '' ( rins : 1076-ad21 and 0905-ac98 ) .

The rule was promulgated through the notice and comment rulemaking procedures of the Act , 5 U.S.C .
the rule was [promoted] through the notice and comment rulemaking procedures of the act , 5 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-272533.1 July 24 , 1996 The Honorable Larry Pressler Chairman The Honorable Ernest F. Hollings Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Federal Communications Commission : Assessment and Collection of Regulatory Fees for Fiscal Year 1996 Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Federal Communications Commission , entitled `` Assessment and Collection of Regulatory Fees for Fiscal Year 1996 '' ( MD Docket No .
office of the general counsel b-272533.1 july 24 , 1996 the honorable larry pressler chairman the honorable ernest f. hollings ranking minority member committee on commerce , science , and transportation united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : federal communications commission : assessment and collection of regulatory fees for fiscal year 1996 pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the federal communications commission , entitled `` assessment and collection of regulatory fees for fiscal year 1996 '' ( md docket no .

The Commission promulgated the rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
the commission [promoted] the rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-279684 April 17 , 1998 The Honorable James M. Jeffords Chairman The Honorable Edward M. Kennedy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Labor and Human Resources United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Department of Health and Human Services , Health Resources and Services Administration : Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) , Health Resources and Services Administration , entitled `` Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network '' ( RIN : 0906-AA32 ) .
office of the general counsel b-279684 april 17 , 1998 the honorable james m. jeffords chairman the honorable edward m. kennedy ranking minority member committee on labor and human resources united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : department of health and human services , health resources and services administration : organ procurement and transplantation network pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the department of health and human services ( hhs ) , health resources and services administration , entitled `` organ procurement and transplantation network '' ( rin : 0906-aa32 ) .

The final rule with comment period was promulgated using the notice and comment procedures in 5 U.S.C .
the final rule with comment period was [promoted] using the notice and comment procedures in 5 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule was promulgated under the authority contained in sections 215 and 371-376 of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rule the final rule was [promoted] under the authority contained in sections 215 and 371-376 of the public health service act ( 42 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-274636 ; B-274637 September 23 , 1996 The Honorable Richard G. Lugar Chairman The Honorable Patrick J. Leahy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Agriculture , Nutrition , and Forestry United States Senate The Honorable Pat Roberts Chairman The Honorable E ( Kika ) de la Garza Ranking Minority Member Committee on Agriculture House of Representatives Subject : Department of Agriculture , Federal Crop Insurance Corporation : Catastrophic Risk Protection Endorsement and General Administrative Regulations ; Federal Crop Insurance Reform Act of 1994 , Regulations for Implementation Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on two major rules promulgated by Department of Agriculture , Federal Crop Insurance Corporation , entitled `` Catastrophic Risk Protection Endorsement '' and `` General Administrative Regulations ; Federal Crop Insurance Reform Act of 1994 , Regulations for Implementation '' ( RIN : 0563-AB11 ) .
office of the general counsel b-274636 ; b-274637 september 23 , 1996 the honorable richard g. lugar chairman the honorable patrick j. leahy ranking minority member committee on agriculture , nutrition , and forestry united states senate the honorable pat roberts chairman the honorable e ( kika ) de la garza ranking minority member committee on agriculture house of representatives subject : department of agriculture , federal crop insurance corporation : catastrophic risk protection endorsement and general administrative regulations ; federal crop insurance reform act of 1994 , regulations for implementation pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on two major rules [promoted] by department of agriculture , federal crop insurance corporation , entitled `` catastrophic risk protection endorsement '' and `` general administrative regulations ; federal crop insurance reform act of 1994 , regulations for implementation '' ( rin : 0563-ab11 ) .

The rules were promulgated through the notice and comment rulemaking procedures of the Act , 5 U.S.C .
the rules were [promoted] through the notice and comment rulemaking procedures of the act , 5 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-277346 July 9 , 1997 The Honorable Richard G. Lugar Chairman The Honorable Tom Harkin Ranking Minority Member Committee on Agriculture , Nutrition , and Forestry United States Senate The Honorable Bob Smith Chairman The Honorable Charles W. Stenholm Ranking Minority Member Committee on Agriculture House of Representatives Subject : Department of Agriculture , Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service : Importation of Beef from Argentina Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Agriculture , Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service , entitled `` Importation of Beef from Argentina '' ( RIN : 0579-AA71 ) .
office of the general counsel b-277346 july 9 , 1997 the honorable richard g. lugar chairman the honorable tom harkin ranking minority member committee on agriculture , nutrition , and forestry united states senate the honorable bob smith chairman the honorable charles w. stenholm ranking minority member committee on agriculture house of representatives subject : department of agriculture , animal and plant health inspection service : importation of beef from argentina pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the department of agriculture , animal and plant health inspection service , entitled `` importation of beef from argentina '' ( rin : 0579-aa71 ) .

Office of the General Counsel B-272247 July 5 , 1996 The Honorable John H. Chafee Chairman The Honorable Max Baucus Ranking Minority Member Committee on Environment and Public Works United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Accidental Release Prevention Requirements : Risk Management Programs Under Clean Air Act Section 112 ( r ) ( 7 ) Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , entitled `` Accidental Release Prevention Requirements : Risk Management Programs Under Clean Air Act Section 112 ( r ) ( 7 ) '' ( FRL # 5516-5 , RIN : 2050-AD26 ) .
office of the general counsel b-272247 july 5 , 1996 the honorable john h. chafee chairman the honorable max baucus ranking minority member committee on environment and public works united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : accidental release prevention requirements : risk management programs under clean air act section 112 ( r ) ( 7 ) pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the environmental protection agency ( epa ) , entitled `` accidental release prevention requirements : risk management programs under clean air act section 112 ( r ) ( 7 ) '' ( frl # 5516-5 , rin : 2050-ad26 ) .

This rule was promulgated through the general notice of proposed rulemaking procedures of the Act , 5 U.S.C .
this rule was [promoted] through the general notice of proposed rulemaking procedures of the act , 5 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule This rule is promulgated under sections 112 ( a ) , 301 ( a ) ( 1 ) , title V of the Clean Air Act as amended ( 42 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rule this rule is [promoted] under sections 112 ( a ) , 301 ( a ) ( 1 ) , title v of the clean air act as amended ( 42 u.s.c .

EPA promulgated its list of substances on January 31 , 1994 ( 59 Fed .
epa [promoted] its list of substances on january 31 , 1994 ( 59 fed .

Office of the General Counsel B-272940 August 8 , 1996 The Honorable Alfonse D'Amato Chairman The Honorable Paul S. Sarbanes Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs United States Senate The Honorable James A. Leach Chairman The Honorable Henry B. Gonzalez Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking and Financial Services House of Representatives Subject : Department of Housing and Urban Development : Single Family Mortgage Insurance ; Loss Mitigation Procedures Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) , entitled `` Single Family Mortgage Insurance ; Loss Mitigation Procedures '' ( RIN : 2502-AG72 ) .
office of the general counsel b-272940 august 8 , 1996 the honorable alfonse d'amato chairman the honorable paul s. sarbanes ranking minority member committee on banking , housing , and urban affairs united states senate the honorable james a. leach chairman the honorable henry b. gonzalez ranking minority member committee on banking and financial services house of representatives subject : department of housing and urban development : single family mortgage insurance ; loss mitigation procedures pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the department of housing and urban development ( hud ) , entitled `` single family mortgage insurance ; loss mitigation procedures '' ( rin : 2502-ag72 ) .

That document analyzes the various loss mitigation procedures promulgated in the interim rule and concludes that HUD will realize an annual net saving of $ 545 million from implementation of the interim rule .
that document analyzes the various loss mitigation procedures [promoted] in the interim rule and concludes that hud will realize an annual net saving of $ 545 million from implementation of the interim rule .

Office of the General Counsel B-279213 February 23 , 1998 The Honorable John McCain Chairman The Honorable Ernest F. Hollings Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Federal Communications Commission : Service and Auction Rules for the 38.6-40.0 GHz Frequency Band Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , entitled `` Service and Auction Rules for the 38.6-40.0 GHz Frequency Band '' ( ET Docket No .
office of the general counsel b-279213 february 23 , 1998 the honorable john mccain chairman the honorable ernest f. hollings ranking minority member committee on commerce , science , and transportation united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : federal communications commission : service and auction rules for the 38.6-40.0 ghz frequency band pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the federal communications commission ( fcc ) , entitled `` service and auction rules for the 38.6-40.0 ghz frequency band '' ( et docket no .

The final rule was promulgated using the notice and comment procedures contained in 5 U.S.C .
the final rule was [promoted] using the notice and comment procedures contained in 5 u.s.c .

The rule , promulgated by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of Executive Order No .
the rule , [promoted] by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of executive order no .

Office of the General Counsel B-277149 June 12 , 1997 The Honorable Richard G. Lugar Chairman The Honorable Tom Harkin Ranking Minority Member Committee on Agriculture , Nutrition , and Forestry United States Senate The Honorable Bob Smith Chairman The Honorable Charles W. Stenholm Ranking Minority Member Committee on Agriculture House of Representatives Subject : Department of Agriculture , Commodity Credit Corporation : Environmental Quality Incentives Program Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Agriculture , Commodity Credit Corporation ( CCC ) , entitled `` Environmental Quality Incentives Program '' ( RIN : 0578-AA19 ) .
office of the general counsel b-277149 june 12 , 1997 the honorable richard g. lugar chairman the honorable tom harkin ranking minority member committee on agriculture , nutrition , and forestry united states senate the honorable bob smith chairman the honorable charles w. stenholm ranking minority member committee on agriculture house of representatives subject : department of agriculture , commodity credit corporation : environmental quality incentives program pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the department of agriculture , commodity credit corporation ( ccc ) , entitled `` environmental quality incentives program '' ( rin : 0578-aa19 ) .

Although this rule was promulgated by the Commodity Credit Corporation ( the organization that funds the Environmental Quality Incentives Program ) , it was filed with us by the Natural Resources Conservation Service ( the organization whose personnel administer the program ) .
although this rule was [promoted] by the commodity credit corporation ( the organization that funds the environmental quality incentives program ) , it was filed with us by the natural resources conservation service ( the organization whose personnel administer the program ) .

Office of the General Counsel B-271810.5 June 25 , 1996 The Honorable Larry Pressler Chairman The Honorable Ernest F. Hollings Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Amendment to the Commission 's Rules Regarding a Plan for Sharing the Cost of Microwave Relocation , Report and Order and Further Notice of Proposed Rule Making Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Federal Communications Commission , entitled `` Amendment to the Commission 's Rules Regarding a Plan for Sharing the Cost of Microwave Relocation , First Report and Order and Further Notice of Proposed Rule Making '' ( WT Docket No .
office of the general counsel b-271810.5 june 25 , 1996 the honorable larry pressler chairman the honorable ernest f. hollings ranking minority member committee on commerce , science , and transportation united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : amendment to the commission 's rules regarding a plan for sharing the cost of microwave relocation , report and order and further notice of proposed rule making pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the federal communications commission , entitled `` amendment to the commission 's rules regarding a plan for sharing the cost of microwave relocation , first report and order and further notice of proposed rule making '' ( wt docket no .

The Commission promulgated the rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
the commission [promoted] the rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

The rule , promulgated by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of Executive Order No .
the rule , [promoted] by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of executive order no .

Office of the General Counsel B-279823 April 29 , 1998 The Honorable John H. Chafee Chairman The Honorable Max Baucus Ranking Minority Member Committee on Environment and Public Works United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Environmental Protection Agency : Emission Standards for Locomotives and Locomotive Engines Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , entitled `` Emission Standards for Locomotives and Locomotive Engines '' ( RIN : 2060-AD33 ) .
office of the general counsel b-279823 april 29 , 1998 the honorable john h. chafee chairman the honorable max baucus ranking minority member committee on environment and public works united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : environmental protection agency : emission standards for locomotives and locomotive engines pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the environmental protection agency ( epa ) , entitled `` emission standards for locomotives and locomotive engines '' ( rin : 2060-ad33 ) .

Page 2 GAO/OGC-98-46 Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule was promulgated under the authority of sections 114 , 203 , 204 , 205 , 206 , 207 , 208 , 209 , 213 , 215 , 216 , and 301 ( a ) of the Clean Air Act as amended in 1990 ( 42 U.S.C .
page 2 gao/ogc-98-46 statutory authorization for the rule the final rule was [promoted] under the authority of sections 114 , 203 , 204 , 205 , 206 , 207 , 208 , 209 , 213 , 215 , 216 , and 301 ( a ) of the clean air act as amended in 1990 ( 42 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-272531.1 July 29 , 1996 The Honorable Richard G. Lugar Chairman The Honorable Patrick J. Leahy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Agriculture , Nutrition , and Forestry United States Senate The Honorable Pat Roberts Chairman The Honorable E ( Kika ) de la Garza Ranking Minority Member Committee on Agriculture House of Representatives Subject : Pathogen Reduction : Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point ( HACCP ) Systems Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by Department of Agriculture , Food Safety and Inspection Service , entitled `` Pathogen Reduction : Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point ( HACCP ) Systems '' ( RIN : 0583-AB69 ) .
office of the general counsel b-272531.1 july 29 , 1996 the honorable richard g. lugar chairman the honorable patrick j. leahy ranking minority member committee on agriculture , nutrition , and forestry united states senate the honorable pat roberts chairman the honorable e ( kika ) de la garza ranking minority member committee on agriculture house of representatives subject : pathogen reduction : hazard analysis and critical control point ( haccp ) systems pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by department of agriculture , food safety and inspection service , entitled `` pathogen reduction : hazard analysis and critical control point ( haccp ) systems '' ( rin : 0583-ab69 ) .

The rule was promulgated using the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
the rule was [promoted] using the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule This rule is promulgated under the authorities of 21 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rule this rule is [promoted] under the authorities of 21 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-279588 ; B-279589 April 3 , 1998 The Honorable Alfonse M. D'Amato Chairman The Honorable Paul S. Sarbanes Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Securities and Exchange Commission : Registration Form Used by Open-End Management Investment Companies and New Disclosure Option for Open-End Management Investment Companies ; Final Rules Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on major rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) , entitled `` Registration Form Used by Open-End Management Investment Companies '' ( Registration Form rule ) and `` New Disclosure Option for Open-End Management Investment Companies '' ( New Disclosure Option rule ) ( RIN : 3235-AE46 and 3235-AH03 ) .
office of the general counsel b-279588 ; b-279589 april 3 , 1998 the honorable alfonse m. d'amato chairman the honorable paul s. sarbanes ranking minority member committee on banking , housing , and urban affairs united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : securities and exchange commission : registration form used by open-end management investment companies and new disclosure option for open-end management investment companies ; final rules pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on major rules [promoted] by the securities and exchange commission ( sec ) , entitled `` registration form used by open-end management investment companies '' ( registration form rule ) and `` new disclosure option for open-end management investment companies '' ( new disclosure option rule ) ( rin : 3235-ae46 and 3235-ah03 ) .

The rule , promulgated by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of Executive Order No .
the rule , [promoted] by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of executive order no .

Office of the General Counsel B-282318 April 1 , 1999 The Honorable James M. Jeffords Chairman The Honorable Edward M. Kennedy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Health , Education , Labor , and Pensions United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration : Over-the-Counter Human Drugs ; Labeling Requirements Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) , entitled `` Over-the-Counter Human Drugs ; Labeling Requirements '' ( RIN : 0910-AA79 ) .
office of the general counsel b-282318 april 1 , 1999 the honorable james m. jeffords chairman the honorable edward m. kennedy ranking minority member committee on health , education , labor , and pensions united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : department of health and human services , food and drug administration : over-the-counter human drugs ; labeling requirements pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the department of health and human services , food and drug administration ( fda ) , entitled `` over-the-counter human drugs ; labeling requirements '' ( rin : 0910-aa79 ) .

Office of the General Counsel B-275821 January 16 , 1997 The Honorable Alfonse M. D'Amato Chairman The Honorable Paul S. Sarbanes Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs United States Senate The Honorable Jim Leach Chairman The Honorable Henry B. Gonzalez Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking and Financial Services House of Representatives Subject : Securities and Exchange Commission : Anti-manipulation Rules Concerning Securities Offerings Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) , entitled `` Anti-manipulation Rules Concerning Securities Offerings '' ( RIN : 3235-AF54 ) .
office of the general counsel b-275821 january 16 , 1997 the honorable alfonse m. d'amato chairman the honorable paul s. sarbanes ranking minority member committee on banking , housing , and urban affairs united states senate the honorable jim leach chairman the honorable henry b. gonzalez ranking minority member committee on banking and financial services house of representatives subject : securities and exchange commission : anti-manipulation rules concerning securities offerings pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the securities and exchange commission ( sec ) , entitled `` anti-manipulation rules concerning securities offerings '' ( rin : 3235-af54 ) .

The rule was promulgated using the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
the rule was [promoted] using the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

The rule , promulgated by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of Executive Order No .
the rule , [promoted] by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of executive order no .

Office of the General Counsel B-274798 October 17 , 1996 The Honorable John H. Chafee Chairman The Honorable Max Baucus Ranking Minority Member Committee on Environment and Public Works United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Environmental Protection Agency : Control of Air Pollution : Final Rule for New Gasoline Spark-Ignition Marine Engines ; Exemptions for New Nonroad Compression-Ignition Engines at or above 37 Kilowatts and New Nonroad Spark-Ignition Engines at or Below 19 Kilowatts Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by Environmental Protection Agency , entitled `` Control of Air Pollution : Final Rule for New Gasoline Spark-Ignition Marine Engines ; Exemptions for New Nonroad Compression-Ignition Engines at or above 37 Kilowatts and New Nonroad Spark-Ignition Engines at or Below 19 Kilowatts '' ( RIN : 2060-AE54 ) .
office of the general counsel b-274798 october 17 , 1996 the honorable john h. chafee chairman the honorable max baucus ranking minority member committee on environment and public works united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : environmental protection agency : control of air pollution : final rule for new gasoline spark-ignition marine engines ; exemptions for new nonroad compression-ignition engines at or above 37 kilowatts and new nonroad spark-ignition engines at or below 19 kilowatts pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by environmental protection agency , entitled `` control of air pollution : final rule for new gasoline spark-ignition marine engines ; exemptions for new nonroad compression-ignition engines at or above 37 kilowatts and new nonroad spark-ignition engines at or below 19 kilowatts '' ( rin : 2060-ae54 ) .

Instead of the notice and comment procedures in the Administrative Procedure Act , the EPA promulgated this rule using the procedures , which have similar notice and comment requirements , contained in section 307 ( d ) of the Clean Air Act , as amended .
instead of the notice and comment procedures in the administrative procedure act , the epa [promoted] this rule using the procedures , which have similar notice and comment requirements , contained in section 307 ( d ) of the clean air act , as amended .

Office of the General Counsel B-276296 March 12 , 1997 The Honorable Alfonse M. D'Amato Chairman The Honorable Paul S. Sarbanes Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs United States Senate The Honorable Jim Leach Chairman The Honorable Henry B. Gonzalez Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking and Financial Services House of Representatives Subject : Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System : Bank Holding Companies and Change in Bank Control ( Regulation Y ) Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System , entitled `` Bank Holding Companies and Change in Bank Control ( Regulation Y ) '' ( Docket Nos .
office of the general counsel b-276296 march 12 , 1997 the honorable alfonse m. d'amato chairman the honorable paul s. sarbanes ranking minority member committee on banking , housing , and urban affairs united states senate the honorable jim leach chairman the honorable henry b. gonzalez ranking minority member committee on banking and financial services house of representatives subject : board of governors of the federal reserve system : bank holding companies and change in bank control ( regulation y ) pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the board of governors of the federal reserve system , entitled `` bank holding companies and change in bank control ( regulation y ) '' ( docket nos .

The rule was promulgated through notice and comment rulemaking procedures of 5 U.S.C .
the rule was [promoted] through notice and comment rulemaking procedures of 5 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule was promulgated under the authority of section 5 ( b ) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 ( 12 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rule the final rule was [promoted] under the authority of section 5 ( b ) of the bank holding company act of 1956 ( 12 u.s.c .

As an independent regulatory agency , rules promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System are not subject to review under the executive order .
as an independent regulatory agency , rules [promoted] by the board of governors of the federal reserve system are not subject to review under the executive order .

Office of the General Counsel B-274307 September 12 , 1996 The Honorable Larry Pressler Chairman The Honorable Ernest F. Hollings Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Federal Communications Commission : Flexible Service Offerings in the Commercial Mobile Radio Services Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Federal Communications Commission , entitled `` Flexible Service Offerings in the Commercial Mobile Radio Services '' ( WT Docket No .
office of the general counsel b-274307 september 12 , 1996 the honorable larry pressler chairman the honorable ernest f. hollings ranking minority member committee on commerce , science , and transportation united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : federal communications commission : flexible service offerings in the commercial mobile radio services pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the federal communications commission , entitled `` flexible service offerings in the commercial mobile radio services '' ( wt docket no .

The rule was promulgated through the general notice of proposed rulemaking procedures of the Act , 5 U.S.C .
the rule was [promoted] through the general notice of proposed rulemaking procedures of the act , 5 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The rules are promulgated with the authority provided in the Communications Act of 1934 , as amended , 47 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rule the rules are [promoted] with the authority provided in the communications act of 1934 , as amended , 47 u.s.c .

Montgomery Ranking Minority Member Committee on Veterans ' Affairs House of Representatives Subject : Compensation for Disability Resulting from Hospitalization , Treatment , Examination , or Vocational Rehabilitation Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) , entitled `` Compensation for Disability Resulting from Hospitalization , Treatment , Examination , or Vocational Rehabilitation '' ( RIN : 2900-AH44 ) .
montgomery ranking minority member committee on veterans ' affairs house of representatives subject : compensation for disability resulting from hospitalization , treatment , examination , or vocational rehabilitation pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the department of veterans affairs ( va ) , entitled `` compensation for disability resulting from hospitalization , treatment , examination , or vocational rehabilitation '' ( rin : 2900-ah44 ) .

Ranking Minority Member Committee on the Judiciary House of Representatives Subject : Department of Justice , Immigration and Naturalization Service and Executive Office for Immigration Review : Inspection and Expedited Removal of Aliens ; Detention and Removal of Aliens ; Conduct of Removal Proceedings ; Asylum Procedures Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Justice , Immigration and Naturalization Service ( INS ) and Executive Office for Immigration Review ( EOIR ) , entitled `` Inspection and Expedited Removal of Aliens ; Detention and Removal of Aliens ; Conduct of Removal Proceedings ; Asylum Procedures '' ( RIN : 1115-AE47 ) .
ranking minority member committee on the judiciary house of representatives subject : department of justice , immigration and naturalization service and executive office for immigration review : inspection and expedited removal of aliens ; detention and removal of aliens ; conduct of removal proceedings ; asylum procedures pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the department of justice , immigration and naturalization service ( ins ) and executive office for immigration review ( eoir ) , entitled `` inspection and expedited removal of aliens ; detention and removal of aliens ; conduct of removal proceedings ; asylum procedures '' ( rin : 1115-ae47 ) .

Statutory authorization for the rule The interim rule is promulgated under the authority of the Immigration and Nationality Act , 8 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rule the interim rule is [promoted] under the authority of the immigration and nationality act , 8 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-274402 November 4 , 1996 The Honorable John H. Chafee Chairman The Honorable Max Baucus Ranking Minority Member Committee on Environment and Public Works United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Environmental Protection Agency : Final Regulations for Revisions to the Federal Test Procedure for Emissions from Motor Vehicles Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by Environmental Protection Agency , entitled `` Final Regulations for Revisions to the Federal Test Procedure for Emissions from Motor Vehicles '' ( RIN : 2060-AE27 ) .
office of the general counsel b-274402 november 4 , 1996 the honorable john h. chafee chairman the honorable max baucus ranking minority member committee on environment and public works united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : environmental protection agency : final regulations for revisions to the federal test procedure for emissions from motor vehicles pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by environmental protection agency , entitled `` final regulations for revisions to the federal test procedure for emissions from motor vehicles '' ( rin : 2060-ae27 ) .

Instead of the notice and comment procedures in the Administrative Procedure Act , the EPA promulgated this rule using the procedures , which have similar notice and comment requirements , contained in section 307 ( d ) of the Clean Air Act , as amended .
instead of the notice and comment procedures in the administrative procedure act , the epa [promoted] this rule using the procedures , which have similar notice and comment requirements , contained in section 307 ( d ) of the clean air act , as amended .

Office of the General Counsel B-278773 December 16 , 1997 The Honorable John McCain Chairman The Honorable Ernest F. Hollings Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Federal Communications Commission : Non-U.S.-Licensed Satellites Providing Domestic and International Service in the United States Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , entitled `` Non-U.S.-Licensed Satellites Providing Domestic and International Service in the United States '' ( IB Docket No .
office of the general counsel b-278773 december 16 , 1997 the honorable john mccain chairman the honorable ernest f. hollings ranking minority member committee on commerce , science , and transportation united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : federal communications commission : non-u.s.-licensed satellites providing domestic and international service in the united states pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the federal communications commission ( fcc ) , entitled `` non-u.s.-licensed satellites providing domestic and international service in the united states '' ( ib docket no .

The final rule was promulgated using the notice and comment procedures contained in 5 U.S.C .
the final rule was [promoted] using the notice and comment procedures contained in 5 u.s.c .

The rule , promulgated by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of Executive Order No .
the rule , [promoted] by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of executive order no .

Office of the General Counsel B-274333 September 12 , 1996 The Honorable Nancy Landon Kassebaum Chairman The Honorable Edward M. Kennedy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Labor and Human Resources United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration : Regulations Restricting the Sale and Distribution of Cigarettes and Smokeless Tobacco to Protect Children and Adolescents Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration , entitled `` Regulations Restricting the Sale and Distribution of Cigarettes and Smokeless Tobacco to Protect Children and Adolescents '' ( RIN : 0910-AA48 ) .
office of the general counsel b-274333 september 12 , 1996 the honorable nancy landon kassebaum chairman the honorable edward m. kennedy ranking minority member committee on labor and human resources united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : department of health and human services , food and drug administration : regulations restricting the sale and distribution of cigarettes and smokeless tobacco to protect children and adolescents pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by department of health and human services , food and drug administration , entitled `` regulations restricting the sale and distribution of cigarettes and smokeless tobacco to protect children and adolescents '' ( rin : 0910-aa48 ) .

The FDA promulgated the rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
the fda [promoted] the rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-279798 April 29 , 1998 The Honorable John H. Chafee Chairman The Honorable Max Baucus Ranking Minority Member Committee on Environment and Public Works United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives The Honorable John W. Warner Chairman The Honorable William M. Thomas Vice Chairman Joint Committee on Printing Congress of the United States Subject : Environmental Protection Agency : National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants for Source Category : Pulp and Paper Production ; Effluent Limitations Guidelines , Pretreatment Standards , and New Source Performance Standards : Pulp , Paper , and Paperboard Category Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , entitled `` National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants for Source Category : Pulp and Paper Production ; Effluent Limitations Guidelines , Pretreatment Standards , and New Source Performance Standards : Pulp , Paper , and Paperboard Category '' ( RIN : 2040-AB53 ) .
office of the general counsel b-279798 april 29 , 1998 the honorable john h. chafee chairman the honorable max baucus ranking minority member committee on environment and public works united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives the honorable john w. warner chairman the honorable william m. thomas vice chairman joint committee on printing congress of the united states subject : environmental protection agency : national emission standards for hazardous air pollutants for source category : pulp and paper production ; effluent limitations guidelines , pretreatment standards , and new source performance standards : pulp , paper , and paperboard category pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the environmental protection agency ( epa ) , entitled `` national emission standards for hazardous air pollutants for source category : pulp and paper production ; effluent limitations guidelines , pretreatment standards , and new source performance standards : pulp , paper , and paperboard category '' ( rin : 2040-ab53 ) .

Office of the General Counsel B-275070 October 24 , 1996 The Honorable Nancy Landon Kassebaum Chairman The Honorable Edward M. Kennedy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Labor and Human Resources United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration : Medical Devices ; Current Good Manufacturing Practice ( CGMP ) Final Rule ; Quality System Regulation Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration , entitled `` Medical Devices ; Current Good Manufacturing Practice ( CGMP ) Final Rule ; Quality System Regulation '' ( RIN : 0910-AA09 ) .
office of the general counsel b-275070 october 24 , 1996 the honorable nancy landon kassebaum chairman the honorable edward m. kennedy ranking minority member committee on labor and human resources united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : department of health and human services , food and drug administration : medical devices ; current good manufacturing practice ( cgmp ) final rule ; quality system regulation pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by department of health and human services , food and drug administration , entitled `` medical devices ; current good manufacturing practice ( cgmp ) final rule ; quality system regulation '' ( rin : 0910-aa09 ) .

The rule was promulgated using the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
the rule was [promoted] using the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-278810 December 18 , 1997 The Honorable John McCain Chairman The Honorable Ernest F. Hollings Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Federal Communications Commission : Foreign Participation in the U.S. Telecommunications Market Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , entitled `` Foreign Participation in the U.S. Telecommunications Market '' ( IB Docket No .
office of the general counsel b-278810 december 18 , 1997 the honorable john mccain chairman the honorable ernest f. hollings ranking minority member committee on commerce , science , and transportation united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : federal communications commission : foreign participation in the u.s. telecommunications market pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the federal communications commission ( fcc ) , entitled `` foreign participation in the u.s. telecommunications market '' ( ib docket no .

The rule , promulgated by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of Executive Order No .
the rule , [promoted] by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of executive order no .

Office of the General Counsel B-277027 June 20 , 1997 The Honorable John H. Chafee Chairman The Honorable Max Baucus Ranking Minority Member Committee on Environment and Public Works United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Environmental Protection Agency : New Motor Vehicles and New Motor Vehicle Engines Air Pollution Control : Voluntary Standards for Light-Duty Vehicles ; Final Rule Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , entitled `` New Motor Vehicles and New Motor Vehicle Engines Air Pollution Control : Voluntary Standards for Light-Duty Vehicles ; Final Rule '' ( RIN : 2060-AF75 ) .
office of the general counsel b-277027 june 20 , 1997 the honorable john h. chafee chairman the honorable max baucus ranking minority member committee on environment and public works united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : environmental protection agency : new motor vehicles and new motor vehicle engines air pollution control : voluntary standards for light-duty vehicles ; final rule pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the environmental protection agency ( epa ) , entitled `` new motor vehicles and new motor vehicle engines air pollution control : voluntary standards for light-duty vehicles ; final rule '' ( rin : 2060-af75 ) .

The rule was promulgated using the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
the rule was [promoted] using the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-275318 October 31 , 1996 The Honorable Richard G. Lugar Chairman The Honorable Patrick J. Leahy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Agriculture , Nutrition , and Forestry United States Senate The Honorable Pat Roberts Chairman The Honorable E ( Kika ) de la Garza Ranking Minority Member Committee on Agriculture House of Representatives Subject : Department of Agriculture : Certification Provisions of the Mickey Leland Childhood Hunger Relief Act Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by Department of Agriculture , entitled `` Certification Provisions of the Mickey Leland Childhood Hunger Relief Act . ''
office of the general counsel b-275318 october 31 , 1996 the honorable richard g. lugar chairman the honorable patrick j. leahy ranking minority member committee on agriculture , nutrition , and forestry united states senate the honorable pat roberts chairman the honorable e ( kika ) de la garza ranking minority member committee on agriculture house of representatives subject : department of agriculture : certification provisions of the mickey leland childhood hunger relief act pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by department of agriculture , entitled `` certification provisions of the mickey leland childhood hunger relief act . ''

The Department promulgated this rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
the department [promoted] this rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-274142 August 29 , 1996 The Honorable Larry Pressler Chairman The Honorable Ernest F. Hollings Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Federal Communications Commission : Access to Telecommunications Equipment and Services by Persons With Disabilities Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Federal Communications Commission , entitled `` Access to Telecommunications Equipment and Services by Persons With Disabilities '' ( FCC-96-285 ) .
office of the general counsel b-274142 august 29 , 1996 the honorable larry pressler chairman the honorable ernest f. hollings ranking minority member committee on commerce , science , and transportation united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : federal communications commission : access to telecommunications equipment and services by persons with disabilities pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the federal communications commission , entitled `` access to telecommunications equipment and services by persons with disabilities '' ( fcc-96-285 ) .

The Commission promulgated this rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
the commission [promoted] this rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

Page 4 GAO/OGC-96-36 Statutory authorization for the rule The Commission has promulgated this rule pursuant to provisions of the Hearing Aid Compatibility Act of 1988 ( 47 U.S.C .
page 4 gao/ogc-96-36 statutory authorization for the rule the commission has [promoted] this rule pursuant to provisions of the hearing aid compatibility act of 1988 ( 47 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-279001 January 27 , 1998 The Honorable John McCain Chairman The Honorable Ernest F. Hollings Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Federal Communications Commission : Competitive Bidding Procedures Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , entitled `` Competitive Bidding Procedures '' ( WT Docket No .
office of the general counsel b-279001 january 27 , 1998 the honorable john mccain chairman the honorable ernest f. hollings ranking minority member committee on commerce , science , and transportation united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : federal communications commission : competitive bidding procedures pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the federal communications commission ( fcc ) , entitled `` competitive bidding procedures '' ( wt docket no .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule is promulgated pursuant to the authority contained in sections 4 ( i ) , 5 ( b ) , 5 ( c ) ( 1 ) , 303 ( r ) , and 309 ( j ) of the Communications Act of 1934 , as amended .
statutory authorization for the rule the final rule is [promoted] pursuant to the authority contained in sections 4 ( i ) , 5 ( b ) , 5 ( c ) ( 1 ) , 303 ( r ) , and 309 ( j ) of the communications act of 1934 , as amended .

The rule , promulgated by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of Executive Order No .
the rule , [promoted] by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of executive order no .

Office of the General Counsel B-271810.7 July 2 , 1996 The Honorable Larry Pressler Chairman The Honorable Ernest F. Hollings Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce , Science and Transportation United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Amendment of Parts 2 and 15 of the Federal Communication Commission Rules to Deregulate the Equipment Authorization Requirements for Digital Devices Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , entitled `` Amendment of Parts 2 and 15 of the Commission 's Rules to Deregulate the Equipment Authorization Requirements for Digital Devices '' ( ET Docket No .
office of the general counsel b-271810.7 july 2 , 1996 the honorable larry pressler chairman the honorable ernest f. hollings ranking minority member committee on commerce , science and transportation united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : amendment of parts 2 and 15 of the federal communication commission rules to deregulate the equipment authorization requirements for digital devices pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by federal communications commission ( fcc ) , entitled `` amendment of parts 2 and 15 of the commission 's rules to deregulate the equipment authorization requirements for digital devices '' ( et docket no .

The rule was promulgated through the general notice of proposed rulemaking procedures of the Act , 5 U.S.C .
the rule was [promoted] through the general notice of proposed rulemaking procedures of the act , 5 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The new rules are promulgated with the authority provided in the Communications Act of 1934 , as amended , 47 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rule the new rules are [promoted] with the authority provided in the communications act of 1934 , as amended , 47 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-274332 September 11 , 1996 The Honorable Larry Pressler Chairman The Honorable Ernest F. Hollings Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Federal Communications Commission : Policies and Rules Concerning Children 's Television Programming/Revision of Programming Policies for Television Broadcast Stations Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by Federal Communications Commission , entitled `` Policies and Rules Concerning Children 's Television Programming/Revision of Programming Policies for Television Broadcast Stations '' ( FCC 96-335 ; MM Docket No .
office of the general counsel b-274332 september 11 , 1996 the honorable larry pressler chairman the honorable ernest f. hollings ranking minority member committee on commerce , science , and transportation united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : federal communications commission : policies and rules concerning children 's television programming/revision of programming policies for television broadcast stations pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by federal communications commission , entitled `` policies and rules concerning children 's television programming/revision of programming policies for television broadcast stations '' ( fcc 96-335 ; mm docket no .

The Commission promulgated the rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
the commission [promoted] the rule under the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

Page 3 GAO/OGC-96-37 The rule promulgated by an independent regulatory agency is not subject to the review requirements of Executive Order No .
page 3 gao/ogc-96-37 the rule [promoted] by an independent regulatory agency is not subject to the review requirements of executive order no .

Office of the General Counsel B-276709 April 24 , 1997 The Honorable James M. Jeffords Chairman The Honorable Edward M. Kennedy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Labor and Human Resources United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Department of Health and Human Services : Individual Market Health Insurance Reform : Portability From Group to Individual Coverage ; Federal Rules for Access in the Individual Market ; State Alternative Mechanisms to Federal Rules Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) , entitled `` Individual Market Health Insurance Reform : Portability From Group to Individual Coverage ; Federal Rules for Access in the Individual Market ; State Alternative Mechanisms to Federal Rules '' ( RIN : 0938-AH75 ) .
office of the general counsel b-276709 april 24 , 1997 the honorable james m. jeffords chairman the honorable edward m. kennedy ranking minority member committee on labor and human resources united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : department of health and human services : individual market health insurance reform : portability from group to individual coverage ; federal rules for access in the individual market ; state alternative mechanisms to federal rules pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the department of health and human services ( hhs ) , entitled `` individual market health insurance reform : portability from group to individual coverage ; federal rules for access in the individual market ; state alternative mechanisms to federal rules '' ( rin : 0938-ah75 ) .

Page 2 GAO/OGC-97-38 Statutory authorization for the rule The rule is promulgated under authority of sections 2741 through 2763 , 2791 , and 2792 of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C .
page 2 gao/ogc-97-38 statutory authorization for the rule the rule is [promoted] under authority of sections 2741 through 2763 , 2791 , and 2792 of the public health service act ( 42 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-276222 February 26 , 1997 The Honorable William V. Roth , Jr. Chairman The Honorable Daniel Patrick Moynihan Ranking Minority Member Committee on Finance United States Senate The Honorable Bill Archer Chairman The Honorable Charles B. Rangel Ranking Minority Member Committee on Ways and Means House of Representatives Subject : Social Security Administration : Supplemental Security Income ; Determining Disability for a Child Under Age 18 ; Interim Final Rules with Request for Comments Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Social Security Administration ( SSA ) , entitled `` Supplemental Security Income ; Determining Disability for a Child Under Age 18 ; Interim Final Rules with Request for Comments '' ( RIN : 0960-AE57 ) .
office of the general counsel b-276222 february 26 , 1997 the honorable william v. roth , jr. chairman the honorable daniel patrick moynihan ranking minority member committee on finance united states senate the honorable bill archer chairman the honorable charles b. rangel ranking minority member committee on ways and means house of representatives subject : social security administration : supplemental security income ; determining disability for a child under age 18 ; interim final rules with request for comments pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the social security administration ( ssa ) , entitled `` supplemental security income ; determining disability for a child under age 18 ; interim final rules with request for comments '' ( rin : 0960-ae57 ) .

Office of the General Counsel B-274403 September 26 , 1996 The Honorable Alfonse D'Amato Chairman The Honorable Paul S. Sarbanes Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Securities and Exchange Commission : Rule 11AC1-4 ( Limit Order Display Rule ) and Amendments to Rule 11 AC1-1 ( Quote Rule ) Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on Rule 11AC1-4 ( Limit Order Display Rule ) and Amendments to Rule 11 AC1-1 ( Quote Rule ) ( RIN : 3235-AG66 ) promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
office of the general counsel b-274403 september 26 , 1996 the honorable alfonse d'amato chairman the honorable paul s. sarbanes ranking minority member committee on banking , housing , and urban affairs united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : securities and exchange commission : rule 11ac1-4 ( limit order display rule ) and amendments to rule 11 ac1-1 ( quote rule ) pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on rule 11ac1-4 ( limit order display rule ) and amendments to rule 11 ac1-1 ( quote rule ) ( rin : 3235-ag66 ) [promoted] by the securities and exchange commission .

The Commission promulgated this rulemaking under the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
the commission [promoted] this rulemaking under the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

Office of the General Counsel B-277228 June 24 , 1997 The Honorable James M. Jeffords Chairman The Honorable Edward M. Kennedy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Labor and Human Resources United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration : Substances Prohibited From Use in Animal Food or Feed ; Animal Proteins Prohibited in Ruminant Feed Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) , entitled `` Substances Prohibited From Use in Animal Food or Feed ; Animal Proteins Prohibited in Ruminant Feed '' ( RIN : 0910-AA91 ) .
office of the general counsel b-277228 june 24 , 1997 the honorable james m. jeffords chairman the honorable edward m. kennedy ranking minority member committee on labor and human resources united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : department of health and human services , food and drug administration : substances prohibited from use in animal food or feed ; animal proteins prohibited in ruminant feed pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the department of health and human services , food and drug administration ( fda ) , entitled `` substances prohibited from use in animal food or feed ; animal proteins prohibited in ruminant feed '' ( rin : 0910-aa91 ) .

Office of the General Counsel B-272303.1 June 28 , 1996 The Honorable Alfonse M. D'Amato Chairman The Honorable Paul S. Sarbanes Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs United States Senate The Honorable James A. Leach Chairman The Honorable Henry B. Gonzalez Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking and Financial Services House of Representatives Subject : Amendments to Regulation X , the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act : Withdrawal of Employer/Employee and Computer Loan Origination Systems Exemptions ( FR-3638 ) ; and Policy Statements 1996-1 ( regarding computer loan origination systems ) ; 1996-2 ( regarding sham controlled business arrangements ) ; and 1996-3 ( rental of office space , lock-outs , and retaliation ) Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) entitled `` Amendments to Regulation X , the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act : Withdrawal of Employer/Employee and Computer Loan Origination Systems Exemptions ( FR-3638 ) ; and Policy Statements 1996-1 ( regarding computer loan origination systems ) ; 1996-2 ( regarding sham controlled business arrangements ) ; and 1996-3 ( rental of office space , lock-outs , and retaliation ) '' ( RIN : 2502-AG26 ) .
office of the general counsel b-272303.1 june 28 , 1996 the honorable alfonse m. d'amato chairman the honorable paul s. sarbanes ranking minority member committee on banking , housing , and urban affairs united states senate the honorable james a. leach chairman the honorable henry b. gonzalez ranking minority member committee on banking and financial services house of representatives subject : amendments to regulation x , the real estate settlement procedures act : withdrawal of employer/employee and computer loan origination systems exemptions ( fr-3638 ) ; and policy statements 1996-1 ( regarding computer loan origination systems ) ; 1996-2 ( regarding sham controlled business arrangements ) ; and 1996-3 ( rental of office space , lock-outs , and retaliation ) pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule [promoted] by the department of housing and urban development ( hud ) entitled `` amendments to regulation x , the real estate settlement procedures act : withdrawal of employer/employee and computer loan origination systems exemptions ( fr-3638 ) ; and policy statements 1996-1 ( regarding computer loan origination systems ) ; 1996-2 ( regarding sham controlled business arrangements ) ; and 1996-3 ( rental of office space , lock-outs , and retaliation ) '' ( rin : 2502-ag26 ) .

HUD promulgated the Amendments to Regulation X under the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
hud [promoted] the amendments to regulation x under the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule HUD promulgated these amendments to Regulation X and accompanying Statements of Policy under the authority in section 19 of RESPA , 12 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rule hud [promoted] these amendments to regulation x and accompanying statements of policy under the authority in section 19 of respa , 12 u.s.c .

The U.S. Department of Labor ( USDOL ) has also promulgated regulations mandating the minimum benefits that must be provided to H-2A workers .
the u.s. department of labor ( usdol ) has also [promoted] regulations mandating the minimum benefits that must be provided to h-2a workers .

The current approach is inefficient and ineffective , imposing unnecessarily high costs due to : ( 1 ) stranded capital investments from the installation of controls that later become obsolete when additional requirements are promulgated ; ( 2 ) reduced lead time for complying with those requirements ; ( 3 ) limited or non-existent flexibility for emissions trading to allow cost-efficient control options ; and ( 4 ) a reliance upon lengthy , expensive , and uncertain litigation to sort out regulatory ambiguity and compliance with the law .
the current approach is inefficient and ineffective , imposing unnecessarily high costs due to : ( 1 ) stranded capital investments from the installation of controls that later become obsolete when additional requirements are [promoted] ; ( 2 ) reduced lead time for complying with those requirements ; ( 3 ) limited or non-existent flexibility for emissions trading to allow cost-efficient control options ; and ( 4 ) a reliance upon lengthy , expensive , and uncertain litigation to sort out regulatory ambiguity and compliance with the law .

The first default method , which is analogous to the default under the new sulfur dioxide trading program , applies if the Allowance Tracking System regulations are timely promulgated but not the allocation regulations .
the first default method , which is analogous to the default under the new sulfur dioxide trading program , applies if the allowance tracking system regulations are timely [promoted] but not the allocation regulations .

However , if neither the Allowance Tracking System regulations nor the allocation regulations are timely promulgated , then the second default applies under which each affected EGU is required for the year involved to meet an emission rate limit of 0.14 lb/mmBtu for units in Zone 1 or 0.25 lb/mmBtu for units in Zone 2 .
however , if neither the allowance tracking system regulations nor the allocation regulations are timely [promoted] , then the second default applies under which each affected egu is required for the year involved to meet an emission rate limit of 0.14 lb/mmbtu for units in zone 1 or 0.25 lb/mmbtu for units in zone 2 .

However , if neither the Allowance Tracking System regulations nor the allocation regulations are timely promulgated , then the second default applies under which each affected EGU must comply with an emission limit of 30 percent of the mercury content ( in ounces per mmBtu ) of the coal and coal-derived fuel combusted by the unit .
however , if neither the allowance tracking system regulations nor the allocation regulations are timely [promoted] , then the second default applies under which each affected egu must comply with an emission limit of 30 percent of the mercury content ( in ounces per mmbtu ) of the coal and coal-derived fuel combusted by the unit .

Transitional Areas The Clear Skies Act revises Section 107 of the Clean Air Act to authorize the Administrator to designate as transitional an area for which EPA-performed modeling demonstrates that the area will attain the 8-hour ozone or fine particles NAAQS no later than December 31 , 2015 through the controls provided under the Clear Skies Act and any other federal controls that have been promulgated .
transitional areas the clear skies act revises section 107 of the clean air act to authorize the administrator to designate as transitional an area for which epa-performed modeling demonstrates that the area will attain the 8-hour ozone or fine particles naaqs no later than december 31 , 2015 through the controls provided under the clear skies act and any other federal controls that have been [promoted] .

In addition , an area may be classified as transitional if the State performs EPAapproved modeling demonstrating that the area will attain the 8-hour ozone or fine particles NAAQS by no later than December 31 , 2015 through a combination of reductions achieved through controls established through the Clear Skies Act and any other federal controls that have been promulgated , together with any necessary local controls that the State adopts in its state implementation plan no later than December 31 , 2004 .
in addition , an area may be classified as transitional if the state performs epaapproved modeling demonstrating that the area will attain the 8-hour ozone or fine particles naaqs by no later than december 31 , 2015 through a combination of reductions achieved through controls established through the clear skies act and any other federal controls that have been [promoted] , together with any necessary local controls that the state adopts in its state implementation plan no later than december 31 , 2004 .

With most plants needing to install control equipment to meet these requirements , it is likely that this approach would lead to installation of controls that become obsolete and stranded capital investments as additional requirements are promulgated .
with most plants needing to install control equipment to meet these requirements , it is likely that this approach would lead to installation of controls that become obsolete and stranded capital investments as additional requirements are [promoted] .

By 2005 , an additional 85 GWe of coal-fired SCR capacity is expected to be on line in response to the NOX SIP Call and recently promulgated State rules ( this includes anticipated SCR retrofits under the state rules for Missouri , Connecticut , and Texas ) .
by 2005 , an additional 85 gwe of coal-fired scr capacity is expected to be on line in response to the nox sip call and recently [promoted] state rules ( this includes anticipated scr retrofits under the state rules for missouri , connecticut , and texas ) .

For this analysis , the baseline scenarios for 2010 and 2020 assume no additional emissions control regulation beyond the continuing effects of Title IV of the Clean Air Act Amendments , the NOx SIP Call , and other promulgated federal rules issued under the Clean Air Act .
for this analysis , the baseline scenarios for 2010 and 2020 assume no additional emissions control regulation beyond the continuing effects of title iv of the clean air act amendments , the nox sip call , and other [promoted] federal rules issued under the clean air act .

The Administrator is not required to allocate allowances under such sections to a unit for which the owner or operator fails to submit information in accordance with the regulations promulgated under this subparagraph .
the administrator is not required to allocate allowances under such sections to a unit for which the owner or operator fails to submit information in accordance with the regulations [promoted] under this subparagraph .

In those instances in which the State is the permitting authority under part C or D , any State may adopt and submit to the Administrator for approval revisions to its implementation plan to apply the regulations or rulings promulgated under this subsection .
in those instances in which the state is the permitting authority under part c or d , any state may adopt and submit to the administrator for approval revisions to its implementation plan to apply the regulations or rulings [promoted] under this subsection .

Allowances shall only be allocated if all requirements of this subsection and the rules promulgated to implement this subsection are complied with .
allowances shall only be allocated if all requirements of this subsection and the rules [promoted] to implement this subsection are complied with .

The transfer of allowances at such auction shall be recorded in accordance with the regulations promulgated by the Administrator under this subpart .
the transfer of allowances at such auction shall be recorded in accordance with the regulations [promoted] by the administrator under this subpart .

When implementation and enforcement of any requirement of this Act indicate that emission limitations and percent reductions beyond those required by the standards promulgated under this section are achieved in practice , the Administrator shall , when revising standards promulgated under this section , consider the emission limitations and percent reductions achieved in practice .
when implementation and enforcement of any requirement of this act indicate that emission limitations and percent reductions beyond those required by the standards [promoted] under this section are achieved in practice , the administrator shall , when revising standards [promoted] under this section , consider the emission limitations and percent reductions achieved in practice .

Any such regulations shall be promulgated within 8 years of 2010 .
any such regulations shall be [promoted] within 8 years of 2010 .

Vyvyan : Our mission , Cyril : contra the laws promulgated by fundamentalists , as in Iran or the United States .
vyvyan : our mission , cyril : contra the laws [promoted] by fundamentalists , as in iran or the united states .

The fairy-tale version of the Star Wars legacy , promulgated in most of this week 's retrospectives/reviews , is that it reacquainted America with the magic of myth , sacred lore , and the romantic quest .
the fairy-tale version of the star wars legacy , [promoted] in most of this week 's retrospectives/reviews , is that it reacquainted america with the magic of myth , sacred lore , and the romantic quest .

It is designed to trounce , once and for all , the fictions promulgated by Afrocentrists ( they hold , among other things , that Jews ran the slave trade and that Egyptians were black ) .
it is designed to trounce , once and for all , the fictions [promoted] by afrocentrists ( they hold , among other things , that jews ran the slave trade and that egyptians were black ) .

California has promulgated identical standards and Massachusetts is expected to follow the megastates ' lead .
california has [promoted] identical standards and massachusetts is expected to follow the megastates ' lead .

Most millennial apocalypse fantasies have been promulgated by the religious right , which wants to frighten people into repenting their liberal attitudes toward the Scripture .
most millennial apocalypse fantasies have been [promoted] by the religious right , which wants to frighten people into repenting their liberal attitudes toward the scripture .

The initial mandates apply only to newly drafted documents and regulations -- that is , to materials promulgated on or after Oct. 1 , 1998 , and Jan. 1 , 1999 .
the initial mandates apply only to newly drafted documents and regulations -- that is , to materials [promoted] on or after oct. 1 , 1998 , and jan. 1 , 1999 .

The choice between the prevailing theory and Renfrew 's depends on whether one accepts a “ wave ” theory , first promulgated more than a hundred years ago by Johnanes Schmidt , a German linguist , or one of indigenous development .
the choice between the prevailing theory and renfrew 's depends on whether one accepts a “ wave ” theory , first [promoted] more than a hundred years ago by johnanes schmidt , a german linguist , or one of indigenous development .

It was Rudyard Kipling , incidentally , who in his poem The River 's Tale , promulgated the origin of Teddington in the quotation in the title of this article .
it was rudyard kipling , incidentally , who in his poem the river 's tale , [promoted] the origin of teddington in the quotation in the title of this article .

Some nicknames are promulgated by readers , of course , though for other reasons .
some nicknames are [promoted] by readers , of course , though for other reasons .

When , in about the year 596 , King Æthelbert promulgated a written Anglo-Saxon code of law , a little cloud of Latin was rising from the sea .
when , in about the year 596 , king æthelbert [promoted] a written anglo-saxon code of law , a little cloud of latin was rising from the sea .

