The town and port would offer him much more scope , its preparation for defence , the training of its citizenry for siege conditions , its provisioning and the control of its shipping .
the town and port would offer him much more scope , its preparation for defence , the training of its citizenry for siege conditions , its [giving] and the control of its shipping .

So the encampment and the monastic township was scoured for foodstuffs and provisioning for the besieged — unfortunately no powder and ball was found — and this loaded on to horses .
so the encampment and the monastic township was scoured for foodstuffs and [giving] for the besieged — unfortunately no powder and ball was found — and this loaded on to horses .

By relief it was stipulated that at least two hundred armed men must be seen to have entered the town , with due provisioning .
by relief it was stipulated that at least two hundred armed men must be seen to have entered the town , with due [giving] .

Guidelines for provisioning ( hitherto unknown in the industry ) were tightened up again this autumn for the second year in succession .
guidelines for [giving] ( hitherto unknown in the industry ) were tightened up again this autumn for the second year in succession .

Apart from the problems of provisioning they brought additional difficulties .
apart from the problems of [giving] they brought additional difficulties .

This was not what English food exporters wanted but , as it kept down the cost of provisioning the sugar plantations , it was supported by the sugar industry in England .
this was not what english food exporters wanted but , as it kept down the cost of [giving] the sugar plantations , it was supported by the sugar industry in england .

In 1899 , supported by the outbreak of the Boer War and the boom which followed , the situation looked more promising and Wilson made an effort to go on to the offensive , addressing a circular to leading shipowners asking for a conference to consider four points : a uniform rate of wages for vessels engaged in similar trades ; the supply of articles of agreement some time before men actually signed on ; the establishment of a manning scale , and the improvement of the provisioning of merchant vessels .
in 1899 , supported by the outbreak of the boer war and the boom which followed , the situation looked more promising and wilson made an effort to go on to the offensive , addressing a circular to leading shipowners asking for a conference to consider four points : a uniform rate of wages for vessels engaged in similar trades ; the supply of articles of agreement some time before men actually signed on ; the establishment of a manning scale , and the improvement of the [giving] of merchant vessels .

As the marina began to fill up , some very odd provisioning was being done .
as the marina began to fill up , some very odd [giving] was being done .

He brought slaves to their 1,000-acre plantation on St Christopher 's ( 1626 ) , entered the North American–Canadian fur and provisioning trades ( 1631 ) , re-exported tobacco to Europe with an agent in Amsterdam ( 1638–9 ) , and interloped against the Levant and Guinea companies .
he brought slaves to their 1,000-acre plantation on st christopher 's ( 1626 ) , entered the north american–canadian fur and [giving] trades ( 1631 ) , re-exported tobacco to europe with an agent in amsterdam ( 1638–9 ) , and interloped against the levant and guinea companies .

He organized the recruitment and training of men , the fortification and provisioning of west-country ports , the maintenance of beacons , and the apprehension of recusants .
he organized the recruitment and training of men , the fortification and [giving] of west-country ports , the maintenance of beacons , and the apprehension of recusants .

The other part of this diarchy , the Household-below-Stairs , sometimes confusingly called merely the Household , was run by the Lord Steward and was concerned with the material provisioning of the court and with auditing its accounts .
the other part of this diarchy , the household-below-stairs , sometimes confusingly called merely the household , was run by the lord steward and was concerned with the material [giving] of the court and with auditing its accounts .

They kept in the counting-house a book recording the attendances of all officers of the court and supervised payments , provisioning , and accounting .
they kept in the counting-house a book recording the attendances of all officers of the court and supervised payments , [giving] , and accounting .

specific rules set out for stock provisioning rather than directors ' estimates .
specific rules set out for stock [giving] rather than directors ' estimates .

purchaser is seeking increased objectivity of warranty provisioning and to identify further potential warranty problem areas
purchaser is seeking increased objectivity of warranty [giving] and to identify further potential warranty problem areas

There must , he thought , be thousands of these small attendants , waiters , scullions , masons , miners , mechanics and general helpers and dogsbodies in the place and around it ; he knew something about provisioning and logistics , and the castle 's kitchens could have provided ten-course meals every few hours for an army of tens of thousands .
there must , he thought , be thousands of these small attendants , waiters , scullions , masons , miners , mechanics and general helpers and dogsbodies in the place and around it ; he knew something about [giving] and logistics , and the castle 's kitchens could have provided ten-course meals every few hours for an army of tens of thousands .

His increased cash resources , and increasing commercial activity in the Frankish heartlands , made it possible for Charles 's household officers to organise the provisioning of the court by buying from local markets .
his increased cash resources , and increasing commercial activity in the frankish heartlands , made it possible for charles 's household officers to organise the [giving] of the court by buying from local markets .

Hincmar noted too the queen 's special tasks in the overall management of the provisioning of the royal household , and sometimes ( when the king commanded ) in gift-giving to foreign embassies .
hincmar noted too the queen 's special tasks in the overall management of the [giving] of the royal household , and sometimes ( when the king commanded ) in gift-giving to foreign embassies .

Not least , the absence of any serious rationing of consumer goods , and the large number of exemptions from military service for skilled workers and farmers made it appear that the regime was well in control of developments , did not fear a war on the 1914–18 scale , and was even rather generous in its provisioning arrangements .
not least , the absence of any serious rationing of consumer goods , and the large number of exemptions from military service for skilled workers and farmers made it appear that the regime was well in control of developments , did not fear a war on the 1914–18 scale , and was even rather generous in its [giving] arrangements .

Furthermore , while ‘ logically ’ it might appear that at least from summer 1941 only Hitler could be blamed for the extension and prolongation of the war , a sufficient platform had been constructed by years of propaganda and ideological indoctrination to buttress the transfer of the blame to Germany 's external enemies — the Bolsheviks , the Jews , the British , the Americans — or to internal incompetence , naturally stopping short of the Führer , as when Field Marshal von Brauchitsch was made the scapegoat for mistakes in strategy and provisioning on the eastern Front in the winter of 1941–2 .
furthermore , while ‘ logically ’ it might appear that at least from summer 1941 only hitler could be blamed for the extension and prolongation of the war , a sufficient platform had been constructed by years of propaganda and ideological indoctrination to buttress the transfer of the blame to germany 's external enemies — the bolsheviks , the jews , the british , the americans — or to internal incompetence , naturally stopping short of the führer , as when field marshal von brauchitsch was made the scapegoat for mistakes in strategy and [giving] on the eastern front in the winter of 1941–2 .

In the absence of anything so spectacular , the most impressive parts of the speech were those which declared how Germany had successfully surmounted the most severe test in the previous winter , and those indicating the exploitation of the material resources of the occupied territories and giving rise to hopes of improved foodstuff provisioning at home .
in the absence of anything so spectacular , the most impressive parts of the speech were those which declared how germany had successfully surmounted the most severe test in the previous winter , and those indicating the exploitation of the material resources of the occupied territories and giving rise to hopes of improved foodstuff [giving] at home .

From the same area — around Garmisch-Partenkirchen in the Bavarian alps — it was said that the mood was getting ‘ noticeably worse by the day ’ on account of the provisioning difficulties .
from the same area — around garmisch-partenkirchen in the bavarian alps — it was said that the mood was getting ‘ noticeably worse by the day ’ on account of the [giving] difficulties .

Advanced expert systems form an interface between maintenance and conventional , inventory control systems , assisting with vital logistics decisions and moving closer to just-in-time provisioning .
advanced expert systems form an interface between maintenance and conventional , inventory control systems , assisting with vital logistics decisions and moving closer to just-in-time [giving] .

We started with provisioning the boat at the quay ( ’ Put the bloody whisky out of sight or we 'll never get shown in Saudi Arabia ’ ) and leaving the quay .
we started with [giving] the boat at the quay ( ’ put the bloody whisky out of sight or we 'll never get shown in saudi arabia ’ ) and leaving the quay .

There was evolved — it would be wrong to say planned — a system for the production of war materials , and the provisioning of the towns which subordinated all else to survival .
there was evolved — it would be wrong to say planned — a system for the production of war materials , and the [giving] of the towns which subordinated all else to survival .

Now , in the conditions of 1920 in Soviet Russia , to write about all those things that industry could supply to agriculture was the ‘ music of the future ’ and the reality was that coercion was the main means of provisioning the towns .
now , in the conditions of 1920 in soviet russia , to write about all those things that industry could supply to agriculture was the ‘ music of the future ’ and the reality was that coercion was the main means of [giving] the towns .

This manifested itself in the falling returns in grain collections for provisioning the towns and the Red Army .
this manifested itself in the falling returns in grain collections for [giving] the towns and the red army .

