`` It is no good recommending surrender rather than nuclear warfare with the proviso that surrender could be followed by the effective military resistance by occupied peoples .
`` it is no good recommending surrender rather than nuclear warfare with the [warning/condition] that surrender could be followed by the effective military resistance by occupied peoples .

Willingness to take the risk of early and direct interpretation ( with the proviso that if the interpretation is too threatening , the worker can withdraw ) is another prominent feature in these efforts .
willingness to take the risk of early and direct interpretation ( with the [warning/condition] that if the interpretation is too threatening , the worker can withdraw ) is another prominent feature in these efforts .

Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail .
two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in mrs. meeker's lifetime , and the [warning/condition] made that as long as brian thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail .

The proviso that she
the [warning/condition] that she

While cost cutting elsewhere , Wear Valley will give the clubs up to £8,000 apiece to help meet new League ground regulations with the proper proviso that they first raise a similar amount themselves .
while cost cutting elsewhere , wear valley will give the clubs up to £8,000 apiece to help meet new league ground regulations with the proper [warning/condition] that they first raise a similar amount themselves .

The important factors in a regulatory system are the degree to which such practices can be limited ( with the proviso that no system can totally eliminate fraud ) , and secondly , when a fraud does occur or is occurring , the speed with which the regulatory system can detect it and put a stop to it .
the important factors in a regulatory system are the degree to which such practices can be limited ( with the [warning/condition] that no system can totally eliminate fraud ) , and secondly , when a fraud does occur or is occurring , the speed with which the regulatory system can detect it and put a stop to it .

United will be getting around three hundred thousand pounds of that … they sold him to Stoke on the proviso of a share of any future deals — bingo !
united will be getting around three hundred thousand pounds of that … they sold him to stoke on the [warning/condition] of a share of any future deals — bingo !

With this proviso , the book can be recommended as readable and illustrated with several case-studies to reinforce the authors ' points .
with this [warning/condition] , the book can be recommended as readable and illustrated with several case-studies to reinforce the authors ' points .

The proviso about having to buy to keep is perfectly reasonable .
the [warning/condition] about having to buy to keep is perfectly reasonable .

This is of course with the proviso that these measures can be calculated accurately .
this is of course with the [warning/condition] that these measures can be calculated accurately .

At the same time , however , we have to add a proviso .
at the same time , however , we have to add a [warning/condition] .

Indeed he was so far intent on this reference to visual reality that he strenuously advocated , not only in his teaching but in his own practice , a reliance on the camera , tracing a dependence on it back to the use of the camera lucida by Vermeer and Canaletto , as well as by Millett , Degas — and he might have added Monet — in more recent times , and adding the only proviso that , like alcohol , it is only permissible to those who can do without it .
indeed he was so far intent on this reference to visual reality that he strenuously advocated , not only in his teaching but in his own practice , a reliance on the camera , tracing a dependence on it back to the use of the camera lucida by vermeer and canaletto , as well as by millett , degas — and he might have added monet — in more recent times , and adding the only [warning/condition] that , like alcohol , it is only permissible to those who can do without it .

There was a proviso though , the organs were 90 per cent likely to be a match , size , blood type , tissue type , compatibility , so sleep on it .
there was a [warning/condition] though , the organs were 90 per cent likely to be a match , size , blood type , tissue type , compatibility , so sleep on it .

But always work on the proviso that you will stop if the are repeated .
but always work on the [warning/condition] that you will stop if the are repeated .

These categories reveal an intricate relationship between social rank and economic standing , so much so as to invite the conclusion that by this date , if not much earlier , it had come to be acknowledged that status was a function of source and level of income , subject to the proviso that land took precedence over personal property .
these categories reveal an intricate relationship between social rank and economic standing , so much so as to invite the conclusion that by this date , if not much earlier , it had come to be acknowledged that status was a function of source and level of income , subject to the [warning/condition] that land took precedence over personal property .

Assessments of less than £1 were not made in the subsidy , and nearly all below £2 were based on wages , except for a few based on income from land ; and since the statutory proviso , doubtless intended to allay fears raised by the inquest of 1522 , restricted taxation to one form of wealth only , any personal property belonging to persons so taxed was ignored .
assessments of less than £1 were not made in the subsidy , and nearly all below £2 were based on wages , except for a few based on income from land ; and since the statutory [warning/condition] , doubtless intended to allay fears raised by the inquest of 1522 , restricted taxation to one form of wealth only , any personal property belonging to persons so taxed was ignored .

These maxima were subject to the proviso that ‘ in such shires and countries that where it hath been and is now used to give less wages , that in those shires and countries they shall give and the taker of the wages be compelled according as they have been used to take .
these maxima were subject to the [warning/condition] that ‘ in such shires and countries that where it hath been and is now used to give less wages , that in those shires and countries they shall give and the taker of the wages be compelled according as they have been used to take .

The proviso whereby it was possible for some individuals to enjoy an enhanced accrual scale to qualify for full pension benefits after 10 years of service was altered in the 1987 Budget — with a new period of 20 years ' service being required .
the [warning/condition] whereby it was possible for some individuals to enjoy an enhanced accrual scale to qualify for full pension benefits after 10 years of service was altered in the 1987 budget — with a new period of 20 years ' service being required .

Although the state retirement pension remains linked to prices and , subject to the proviso noted above , retains its ‘ real ’ value , the commitment to raise pensions in line with earnings ( in years when earnings rose by more than prices ) was abolished in 1980 .
although the state retirement pension remains linked to prices and , subject to the [warning/condition] noted above , retains its ‘ real ’ value , the commitment to raise pensions in line with earnings ( in years when earnings rose by more than prices ) was abolished in 1980 .

Peterson already had an agenda of his own drawn up and this was agreed to with the proviso that it included a brief historical summary of research done at Brigham Young University .
peterson already had an agenda of his own drawn up and this was agreed to with the [warning/condition] that it included a brief historical summary of research done at brigham young university .

Johnston 's ex-Rangers pals — six are named in the party — are likely to take advantage , but the proviso is they must be back at Motherwell by 2.30pm on Sunday to work off their excesses .
johnston 's ex-rangers pals — six are named in the party — are likely to take advantage , but the [warning/condition] is they must be back at motherwell by 2.30pm on sunday to work off their excesses .

That was in 1956 — with the proviso that it could not be released until six months after the London stage run had ended .
that was in 1956 — with the [warning/condition] that it could not be released until six months after the london stage run had ended .

The letter ended by wishing me luck but adding the proviso , ‘ If you , having thought about the matter very deeply , are convinced you can emotionally handle the situation .
the letter ended by wishing me luck but adding the [warning/condition] , ‘ if you , having thought about the matter very deeply , are convinced you can emotionally handle the situation .

But Charles now had another little job to do : the new Act allowed for pavements to be laid in the town , with the proviso that :
but charles now had another little job to do : the new act allowed for pavements to be laid in the town , with the [warning/condition] that :

There remains the other great source of money from abroad — one in return for which , with a single uncomfortable proviso , Greece needs to do nothing .
there remains the other great source of money from abroad — one in return for which , with a single uncomfortable [warning/condition] , greece needs to do nothing .

The only snag is that uncomfortable proviso .
the only snag is that uncomfortable [warning/condition] .

This proviso was fundamental , and we can find it expressed in two letters of this period on the preference to be given to the claim of monastic life over every other demand — a theme of central importance in his thought .
this [warning/condition] was fundamental , and we can find it expressed in two letters of this period on the preference to be given to the claim of monastic life over every other demand — a theme of central importance in his thought .

Continental footballer , Sydney Grant , who was born in Jamaica , but spent the majority of his school years in Leeds , concurred , but with a political proviso : ‘ Teachers do have these kinds of stereotyped ideas about blacks being good in sports but not intellectually , ’ he agreed .
continental footballer , sydney grant , who was born in jamaica , but spent the majority of his school years in leeds , concurred , but with a political [warning/condition] : ‘ teachers do have these kinds of stereotyped ideas about blacks being good in sports but not intellectually , ’ he agreed .

Naturally the major proviso for such accord would be that the resources spent on the asylums be entirely redistributed within modernized health services .
naturally the major [warning/condition] for such accord would be that the resources spent on the asylums be entirely redistributed within modernized health services .

The principles for the provision of services for drug misusers are exactly the same as those for heavy drinkers , with the proviso that services have to accept that many service users are initially very reluctant attenders and are sent by the courts , police , school or parents .
the principles for the provision of services for drug misusers are exactly the same as those for heavy drinkers , with the [warning/condition] that services have to accept that many service users are initially very reluctant attenders and are sent by the courts , police , school or parents .

When the number of members on the committee is small , it may be difficult to abide by the proviso that the amendment must be seconded by someone who has not spoken on the original motion , and in that case common sense prevails .
when the number of members on the committee is small , it may be difficult to abide by the [warning/condition] that the amendment must be seconded by someone who has not spoken on the original motion , and in that case common sense prevails .

As a result of verbal directive from Macmillan to Corps Comd at recent meeting we have undertaken to return all Soviet Nationals in proviso about use of force and we have issued instructions that force may be used if absolutely necessary .
as a result of verbal directive from macmillan to corps comd at recent meeting we have undertaken to return all soviet nationals in [warning/condition] about use of force and we have issued instructions that force may be used if absolutely necessary .

If the plants are barerooted , spread the roots out in the hole , with the same proviso regarding the long ones , and then crumble soil in over them to fill the hole .
if the plants are barerooted , spread the roots out in the hole , with the same [warning/condition] regarding the long ones , and then crumble soil in over them to fill the hole .

Proviso to Criminal Appeal Act 1968 , s.2 — applicability
[warning/condition] to criminal appeal act 1968 , s.2 — applicability

Held , dismissing the appeal , it was a serious defect in the summing-up to omit a direction on the burden of proof : but the omission was not necessarily fatal to the conviction and the court could properly consider whether to apply the proviso to section 2 of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 : Donoghue ( 1988 ) 86 Cr.App.R .
held , dismissing the appeal , it was a serious defect in the summing-up to omit a direction on the burden of proof : but the omission was not necessarily fatal to the conviction and the court could properly consider whether to apply the [warning/condition] to section 2 of the criminal appeal act 1968 : donoghue ( 1988 ) 86 cr.app.r .

True pedants add the proviso that an edge can not also be a node .
true pedants add the [warning/condition] that an edge can not also be a node .

‘ But the authorities make it quite clear … that before the constable is in a position to choose between a specimen of blood or a specimen of urine on the defendant 's claim that one or other specimens should be substituted for the specimen of breath , the defendant must be made aware not merely that he can have the breath specimen substituted by some other specimen in general terms , but that the alternative specimen can be one either of blood or of urine , although in the last resort , subject to the proviso to subsection ( 4 ) as to medical practitioners , the choice is that of the police officer .
‘ but the authorities make it quite clear … that before the constable is in a position to choose between a specimen of blood or a specimen of urine on the defendant 's claim that one or other specimens should be substituted for the specimen of breath , the defendant must be made aware not merely that he can have the breath specimen substituted by some other specimen in general terms , but that the alternative specimen can be one either of blood or of urine , although in the last resort , subject to the [warning/condition] to subsection ( 4 ) as to medical practitioners , the choice is that of the police officer .

However , this is subject to the ‘ proviso ’ provided in article 13 :
however , this is subject to the ‘ [warning/condition] ’ provided in article 13 :

The lease contained the normal covenant for payment of rent and the usual qualified covenant against assignment , with a proviso that every assignment should contain a covenant by the assignee directly with the landlord to observe and perform the covenants and conditions of the lease .
the lease contained the normal covenant for payment of rent and the usual qualified covenant against assignment , with a [warning/condition] that every assignment should contain a covenant by the assignee directly with the landlord to observe and perform the covenants and conditions of the lease .

The lease contained the usual proviso for forfeiture for non-payment of rent and failure to perform other covenants and concluded with a covenant by the sureties in the normal form .
the lease contained the usual [warning/condition] for forfeiture for non-payment of rent and failure to perform other covenants and concluded with a covenant by the sureties in the normal form .

There was no claim for possession pursuant to the proviso for forfeiture .
there was no claim for possession pursuant to the [warning/condition] for forfeiture .

But , unless the proviso can be invoked , one must adopt the maxim that the more difficult ( short of impossibility ) is the defending advocate 's task , the more vital it is to see that he does not labour under an unfair disadvantage .
but , unless the [warning/condition] can be invoked , one must adopt the maxim that the more difficult ( short of impossibility ) is the defending advocate 's task , the more vital it is to see that he does not labour under an unfair disadvantage .

Having reached that conclusion , their Lordships considered whether the case was one in which the proviso to section 14 ( 1 ) of the Judicature ( Appellate Jurisdiction ) Act might suitably be applied to uphold the conviction .
having reached that conclusion , their lordships considered whether the case was one in which the [warning/condition] to section 14 ( 1 ) of the judicature ( appellate jurisdiction ) act might suitably be applied to uphold the conviction .

Practice — Discovery — Privilege against self-incrimination — Action for damages for fraud and breach of trust — Plaintiffs obtaining order requiring defendants to disclose information and documents — Proviso prohibiting use of information in criminal proceedings — Defendants claiming privilege against self-incrimination — Whether proviso effective to protect defendants — Whether plaintiffs ' claim proprietary so as to defeat claim to privilege — Whether claim for infringement of rights pertaining to commercial information — Supreme Court Act 1981 ( c. 54 ) , s. 72
practice — discovery — privilege against self-incrimination — action for damages for fraud and breach of trust — plaintiffs obtaining order requiring defendants to disclose information and documents — [warning/condition] prohibiting use of information in criminal proceedings — defendants claiming privilege against self-incrimination — whether [warning/condition] effective to protect defendants — whether plaintiffs ' claim proprietary so as to defeat claim to privilege — whether claim for infringement of rights pertaining to commercial information — supreme court act 1981 ( c. 54 ) , s. 72

‘ If he were to institute proceedings for infringement before the patent for the invention was sealed , the procedural requirement of the proviso would not be satisfied but a statement of claim could not be struck out as disclosing no cause of action although it might be liable to be struck out as an abuse of the process of the court .
‘ if he were to institute proceedings for infringement before the patent for the invention was sealed , the procedural requirement of the [warning/condition] would not be satisfied but a statement of claim could not be struck out as disclosing no cause of action although it might be liable to be struck out as an abuse of the process of the court .

By the agreement , the London County Council let to one Nathan a strip of land with a frontage of 36 feet to Walworth Road , a thoroughfare in Southwark , and a depth of 25 feet at a rent of £30 per annum from 19 December 1930 ‘ until the tenancy shall be determined as hereinafter provided . ’ The only relevant proviso for determination is contained in clause 6 which reads :
by the agreement , the london county council let to one nathan a strip of land with a frontage of 36 feet to walworth road , a thoroughfare in southwark , and a depth of 25 feet at a rent of £30 per annum from 19 december 1930 ‘ until the tenancy shall be determined as hereinafter provided . ’ the only relevant [warning/condition] for determination is contained in clause 6 which reads :

So , once the matter comes before the judge , he can , in effect , make any appropriate order within the very considerable flexibility that the Children Act 1989 is intended to provide , but with this important proviso .
so , once the matter comes before the judge , he can , in effect , make any appropriate order within the very considerable flexibility that the children act 1989 is intended to provide , but with this important [warning/condition] .

( 6 ) The proviso protects the granting of a new licence in respect only of the disqualifications mentioned in the section .
( 6 ) the [warning/condition] protects the granting of a new licence in respect only of the disqualifications mentioned in the section .

The proviso , which provides that the grant or provisional grant of a new licence shall be only by a majority vote is difficult to reconcile with s. 17 , which provides that applications for new grants shall be refused if certain grounds are established .
the [warning/condition] , which provides that the grant or provisional grant of a new licence shall be only by a majority vote is difficult to reconcile with s. 17 , which provides that applications for new grants shall be refused if certain grounds are established .

There is a proviso to the definition which excepts a licence granted to premises which have been rebuilt after destruction in the same form as the previous licence from being a new licence .
there is a [warning/condition] to the definition which excepts a licence granted to premises which have been rebuilt after destruction in the same form as the previous licence from being a new licence .

( 2 ) Where by virtue of a decision of a licensing board under the proviso to subsection ( 1 ) above only alcoholic liquor other than spirits may be sold , it shall be an offence for the licence-holder or his employee or agent to sell spirits .
( 2 ) where by virtue of a decision of a licensing board under the [warning/condition] to subsection ( 1 ) above only alcoholic liquor other than spirits may be sold , it shall be an offence for the licence-holder or his employee or agent to sell spirits .

The kinds of alcoholic liquor which may be sold under a full licence are enumerated in the main clause of the section , The group of alcoholic liquors which may be sold under a restricted licence are enumerated in the proviso .
the kinds of alcoholic liquor which may be sold under a full licence are enumerated in the main clause of the section , the group of alcoholic liquors which may be sold under a restricted licence are enumerated in the [warning/condition] .

The defence contained in the proviso applies only to a contravention of subs .
the defence contained in the [warning/condition] applies only to a contravention of subs .

( 5 ) This section shall cease to apply to any premises on such day as may be specified in the notice , if the holder of the licence or the club , as the case may be , gives notice of the disapplication of the section from the premises in accordance with subsection ) below : Provided that this section shall cease to apply to premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held , or to the premises of a club , at any time on the licensing board ceasing to be satisfied as mentioned in the proviso to subsection ( 1 ) above .
( 5 ) this section shall cease to apply to any premises on such day as may be specified in the notice , if the holder of the licence or the club , as the case may be , gives notice of the disapplication of the section from the premises in accordance with subsection ) below : provided that this section shall cease to apply to premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held , or to the premises of a club , at any time on the licensing board ceasing to be satisfied as mentioned in the [warning/condition] to subsection ( 1 ) above .

( 5 ) This section shall cease to apply to any premises on such day as may be specified in the notice if the holder of the licence or the club , as the case may be , gives notice of the disapplication of the section from the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below : Provided that this section shall cease to apply to premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held , or to the premises of a club , at any time on the licensing board ceasing to be satisfied as mentioned in the proviso to subsection ( 1 ) above .
( 5 ) this section shall cease to apply to any premises on such day as may be specified in the notice if the holder of the licence or the club , as the case may be , gives notice of the disapplication of the section from the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below : provided that this section shall cease to apply to premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held , or to the premises of a club , at any time on the licensing board ceasing to be satisfied as mentioned in the [warning/condition] to subsection ( 1 ) above .

( 5 ) This section shall cease to apply to premises on such day as may be specified in the notice if the holder of the licence gives notice of the disapplication of the section from the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below : Provided that this section shall cease to apply to premises at any time on the licensing board ceasing to be satisfied as mentioned in paragraph ( i ) of the proviso to subsection ( 1 ) above .
( 5 ) this section shall cease to apply to premises on such day as may be specified in the notice if the holder of the licence gives notice of the disapplication of the section from the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below : provided that this section shall cease to apply to premises at any time on the licensing board ceasing to be satisfied as mentioned in paragraph ( i ) of the [warning/condition] to subsection ( 1 ) above .

Purists had of course drawn on medical and evolutionary concepts , but always with the proviso that they were subordinate to the dictates of a higher morality .
purists had of course drawn on medical and evolutionary concepts , but always with the [warning/condition] that they were subordinate to the dictates of a higher morality .

The second can also be answered affirmatively but with a proviso .
the second can also be answered affirmatively but with a [warning/condition] .

In order to exclude domestic disputes , there is a proviso that the offence can not be committed inside a private dwelling .
in order to exclude domestic disputes , there is a [warning/condition] that the offence can not be committed inside a private dwelling .

The Royal Commission on Legal Services supported the proposals of the Evershed Committee , with the proviso that the judge at trial or on appeal should also be able to determine eligibility in cases where the point at issue does not emerge until later .
the royal commission on legal services supported the proposals of the evershed committee , with the [warning/condition] that the judge at trial or on appeal should also be able to determine eligibility in cases where the point at issue does not emerge until later .

Late last year Cheapside gave a glowing account of Bloomsbury 's 1991 results , but added the proviso that the company had not yet released its full set of accounts .
late last year cheapside gave a glowing account of bloomsbury 's 1991 results , but added the [warning/condition] that the company had not yet released its full set of accounts .

2.8 Subject to the provisions of clause 2.9 the Landlord shall [ use all reasonable endeavours to ] carry out the Works to such a stage as would entitle the Architect to issue a Certificate in respect of all the Works not later than the day of It is essential that there is a specific date by which the certificate is to be issued even though this may be weakened by the proviso at the beginning of this clause .
2.8 subject to the provisions of clause 2.9 the landlord shall [ use all reasonable endeavours to ] carry out the works to such a stage as would entitle the architect to issue a certificate in respect of all the works not later than the day of it is essential that there is a specific date by which the certificate is to be issued even though this may be weakened by the [warning/condition] at the beginning of this clause .

Wherever possible , a tenant should endeavour to delete the opening proviso but this is unlikely to be successful in which case the tenant should amend to include a long stop date ( see clause 5.4 ) .
wherever possible , a tenant should endeavour to delete the opening [warning/condition] but this is unlikely to be successful in which case the tenant should amend to include a long stop date ( see clause 5.4 ) .

As with the accountant the person performing the function of the surveyor should be professionally qualified and the following proviso should be added : Provided that the person who purports to act as the Surveyor must be an Associate or Fellow of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors or an Associate or Fellow of the Incorporated Society of Valuers and Auctioneers
as with the accountant the person performing the function of the surveyor should be professionally qualified and the following [warning/condition] should be added : provided that the person who purports to act as the surveyor must be an associate or fellow of the royal institution of chartered surveyors or an associate or fellow of the incorporated society of valuers and auctioneers

3.3 Words importing one gender include all other genders and words importing the singular include the plural and vice versa This proviso is unobjectionable and requires no comment .
3.3 words importing one gender include all other genders and words importing the singular include the plural and vice versa this [warning/condition] is unobjectionable and requires no comment .

The words in square brackets should most definitely be included and in addition to avoid a continual stream of persons demanding access to the premises , the tenant may consider it advisable to add the following proviso at the end of this clause :
the words in square brackets should most definitely be included and in addition to avoid a continual stream of persons demanding access to the premises , the tenant may consider it advisable to add the following [warning/condition] at the end of this clause :

5.7.3 Without prejudice to the generality of the above to comply in all respects with the provisions of any statutes and other obligations imposed by law or by any byelaws applicable to the Premises or in regard to carrying on the trade or business for the time being carried on on the Premises It may be that clause 5.7.1 should , in certain circumstances , have the following proviso added : except where such compliance is within the ambit of the Landlord 's obligations contained in this Lease Almost all leases will contain a tenant 's covenant to comply with statutory obligations , which could involve fairly substantial capital expenditure .
5.7.3 without prejudice to the generality of the above to comply in all respects with the provisions of any statutes and other obligations imposed by law or by any byelaws applicable to the premises or in regard to carrying on the trade or business for the time being carried on on the premises it may be that clause 5.7.1 should , in certain circumstances , have the following [warning/condition] added : except where such compliance is within the ambit of the landlord 's obligations contained in this lease almost all leases will contain a tenant 's covenant to comply with statutory obligations , which could involve fairly substantial capital expenditure .

It should also be remembered that s 19 ( l ) ( a ) of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1927 provides that where there is a covenant , condition or agreement against assigning , underletting , charging or parting with possession of the premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , this is deemed to be subject to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld .
it should also be remembered that s 19 ( l ) ( a ) of the landlord and tenant act 1927 provides that where there is a covenant , condition or agreement against assigning , underletting , charging or parting with possession of the premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , this is deemed to be subject to a [warning/condition] to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld .

5.18.2 Nothing in the preceding clause shall entitle the Tenant to withhold or delay any payment of the rents or any other sum due under this Lease after the date upon which they fall due or in any way prejudice affect or derogate from the rights of the Landlord in relation to such non-payment including ( but without prejudice to the generality of the above ) under the proviso for re-entry contained in this Lease The period of grace before interest bites will be a matter of negotiation between the landlord and the tenant .
5.18.2 nothing in the preceding clause shall entitle the tenant to withhold or delay any payment of the rents or any other sum due under this lease after the date upon which they fall due or in any way prejudice affect or derogate from the rights of the landlord in relation to such non-payment including ( but without prejudice to the generality of the above ) under the [warning/condition] for re-entry contained in this lease the period of grace before interest bites will be a matter of negotiation between the landlord and the tenant .

Sometimes the insured risks are stated to be : fire and such other risks as the Landlord may from time to time deem it desirable to insure against This is clearly inadequate as there is an interrelationship between the insurance clause , the tenant 's repairing covenant and the proviso for suspension of rent .
sometimes the insured risks are stated to be : fire and such other risks as the landlord may from time to time deem it desirable to insure against this is clearly inadequate as there is an interrelationship between the insurance clause , the tenant 's repairing covenant and the [warning/condition] for suspension of rent .

The tenant may wish to dispense with 7.6.3 , 7.6.4 , 7.6.5 and 7.6.6 and add the following proviso to 7.6.2 : If for any reason the premises and all other relevant parts of the centre sufficient for the Tenant [ or any undertenant ] to carry on its [ or their ] normal trade and business including the means of access to the Premises and all essential services therein and thereto shall not be reinstated in accordance with the provisions of this clause as they were at the date of the relevant destruction or damage by the second anniversary of the date of the destruction or damage the Tenant may thereafter determine the Term by giving not less than one month 's notice to the Landlord and upon expiry of such notice the Term shall cease but without prejudice to the claim of either party for any earlier breach of covenant by the other This will doubtless be resisted by the landlord who will wish to have the unilateral right to terminate .
the tenant may wish to dispense with 7.6.3 , 7.6.4 , 7.6.5 and 7.6.6 and add the following [warning/condition] to 7.6.2 : if for any reason the premises and all other relevant parts of the centre sufficient for the tenant [ or any undertenant ] to carry on its [ or their ] normal trade and business including the means of access to the premises and all essential services therein and thereto shall not be reinstated in accordance with the provisions of this clause as they were at the date of the relevant destruction or damage by the second anniversary of the date of the destruction or damage the tenant may thereafter determine the term by giving not less than one month 's notice to the landlord and upon expiry of such notice the term shall cease but without prejudice to the claim of either party for any earlier breach of covenant by the other this will doubtless be resisted by the landlord who will wish to have the unilateral right to terminate .

9.1.6 the Tenant has any distress or execution levied on [ its ] goods the Landlord may re-enter the Premises ( or any part of them in the name of the whole ) at any time ( and even if any previous right of re-entry has been waived ) and then the Term will absolutely cease but without prejudice to any rights or remedies which may have accrued to the Landlord against the Tenant or the Guarantor [ or to the Tenant against the Landlord ] in respect of any breach of covenant or other term of this Lease ( including the breach in respect of which the re-entry is made ) All leases will , or should , contain a forfeiture provision which is usually in the form of a proviso reserving to the landlord a right of re-entry in the event of non-payment of rent , breach of covenant or circumstances resulting in , or likely to give rise to , the probability of the tenant being unable to perform its obligations under the lease , eg bankruptcy or liquidation .
9.1.6 the tenant has any distress or execution levied on [ its ] goods the landlord may re-enter the premises ( or any part of them in the name of the whole ) at any time ( and even if any previous right of re-entry has been waived ) and then the term will absolutely cease but without prejudice to any rights or remedies which may have accrued to the landlord against the tenant or the guarantor [ or to the tenant against the landlord ] in respect of any breach of covenant or other term of this lease ( including the breach in respect of which the re-entry is made ) all leases will , or should , contain a forfeiture provision which is usually in the form of a [warning/condition] reserving to the landlord a right of re-entry in the event of non-payment of rent , breach of covenant or circumstances resulting in , or likely to give rise to , the probability of the tenant being unable to perform its obligations under the lease , eg bankruptcy or liquidation .

Most leases of commercial centres do not fall within the above categories but if the lease in question does , then it may be advisable to delete the words `` to enforce or `` from line two of the proviso .
most leases of commercial centres do not fall within the above categories but if the lease in question does , then it may be advisable to delete the words `` to enforce or `` from line two of the [warning/condition] .

In fact , it may be as well to include the following proviso : provided the Premises are not adversely affected thereby
in fact , it may be as well to include the following [warning/condition] : provided the premises are not adversely affected thereby

It may therefore be advisable to delete this proviso , but it is not disastrous if it remains .
it may therefore be advisable to delete this [warning/condition] , but it is not disastrous if it remains .

Nevertheless , if the provision is to remain , the following proviso should be added : except where such injury damage or loss is caused as a result of a breach of any of the Landlord 's covenants herein contained
nevertheless , if the provision is to remain , the following [warning/condition] should be added : except where such injury damage or loss is caused as a result of a breach of any of the landlord 's covenants herein contained

9.16 Developing neighbouring property Landlords frequently include a proviso stating that nothing contained in the lease shall prevent them from altering , adding to , refurbishing and generally executing works to neighbouring property .
9.16 developing neighbouring property landlords frequently include a [warning/condition] stating that nothing contained in the lease shall prevent them from altering , adding to , refurbishing and generally executing works to neighbouring property .

9.17 Frustration of reinstatement Landlords sometimes include a proviso that the landlord should have the right to terminate the lease in the event of reinstatement being frustrated or delayed as a result of circumstances beyond the landlord 's control .
9.17 frustration of reinstatement landlords sometimes include a [warning/condition] that the landlord should have the right to terminate the lease in the event of reinstatement being frustrated or delayed as a result of circumstances beyond the landlord 's control .

9.19 Rights of light There may be a proviso to the effect that the tenant can not complain if its light is subsequently affected by any building works being carried out by the landlord to neighbouring property .
9.19 rights of light there may be a [warning/condition] to the effect that the tenant can not complain if its light is subsequently affected by any building works being carried out by the landlord to neighbouring property .

The very least that the tenant should tolerate is a proviso that the light to the premises should not be `` materially `` affected by any such works .
the very least that the tenant should tolerate is a [warning/condition] that the light to the premises should not be `` materially `` affected by any such works .

9.20 Limitation on liability Before leaving the provisos it may be worthwhile to include the following additional proviso : On an assignment of this Lease in pursuance of the Landlord 's licence authorising the assignment the Landlord shall forthwith at the assignor 's cost release the assignor from its future liability under this Lease in such form as the Landlord shall reasonably require Although this is unlikely to find favour with the landlord , it should perhaps be considered having regard to a recession and the outcry from tenants who , having assigned their leases , are being called upon to pay accumulating back rents as a result of the insolvency of the current tenant .
9.20 limitation on liability before leaving the provisos it may be worthwhile to include the following additional [warning/condition] : on an assignment of this lease in pursuance of the landlord 's licence authorising the assignment the landlord shall forthwith at the assignor 's cost release the assignor from its future liability under this lease in such form as the landlord shall reasonably require although this is unlikely to find favour with the landlord , it should perhaps be considered having regard to a recession and the outcry from tenants who , having assigned their leases , are being called upon to pay accumulating back rents as a result of the insolvency of the current tenant .

This is something which will be subject to negotiation with the landlord and an appropriate amendment can be made to the guarantor 's covenants or a proviso added .
this is something which will be subject to negotiation with the landlord and an appropriate amendment can be made to the guarantor 's covenants or a [warning/condition] added .

The suggested proviso under clause 9.21 is designed to give the tenant some comfort in respect of paragraph 3.1.1 , which could otherwise be disruptive .
the suggested [warning/condition] under clause 9.21 is designed to give the tenant some comfort in respect of paragraph 3.1.1 , which could otherwise be disruptive .

5 Support etc The rights of light air support protection shelter and all other easements and rights now or after the date of this Lease belonging to or enjoyed by other parts of the Centre The following proviso should be added at the end of this paragraph : provided that such rights and easements shall not [ adversely ] or [ materially ] affect the Premises or the business being carried on therein
5 support etc the rights of light air support protection shelter and all other easements and rights now or after the date of this lease belonging to or enjoyed by other parts of the centre the following [warning/condition] should be added at the end of this paragraph : provided that such rights and easements shall not [ adversely ] or [ materially ] affect the premises or the business being carried on therein

Where it is necessary to express a proviso to a rule or term , lawyers often use the expression " provided always that " ; however , the proviso can be expressed in more straightforward language by using a word such as " except " or by reversing the provision , putting the proviso first and using the word " unless " .
where it is necessary to express a [warning/condition] to a rule or term , lawyers often use the expression " provided always that " ; however , the [warning/condition] can be expressed in more straightforward language by using a word such as " except " or by reversing the provision , putting the [warning/condition] first and using the word " unless " .

There is one proviso : s6 applies to clauses excluding liability for breach of the implied terms in contracts for the sale of goods and applies to all contracts , including those not made in the course of a business .
there is one [warning/condition] : s6 applies to clauses excluding liability for breach of the implied terms in contracts for the sale of goods and applies to all contracts , including those not made in the course of a business .

Short-term leases , if they do n't contain an absolute bar to assignment , commonly contain a covenant by the lessee not to assign the lease without the lessor 's licence , and usually provide that such licence shall not be unreasonably withheld — if such proviso is omitted , then acting for a prospective lessee you should always insert it in the draft .
short-term leases , if they do n't contain an absolute bar to assignment , commonly contain a covenant by the lessee not to assign the lease without the lessor 's licence , and usually provide that such licence shall not be unreasonably withheld — if such [warning/condition] is omitted , then acting for a prospective lessee you should always insert it in the draft .

It was agreed by the parties that if the proviso on its true construction operated as a restraint of trade it could not be justified on the ground of reasonableness .
it was agreed by the parties that if the [warning/condition] on its true construction operated as a restraint of trade it could not be justified on the ground of reasonableness .

The judge found that the substance of the post-termination commission clause was that in the event of termination following a prescribed period of service , commission would be paid to the plaintiff in respect of premiums actually paid under the relevant policies issued during his appointment but that it was subject to the proviso that the agent 's entitlement to such commission would cease if he entered into competing activities .
the judge found that the substance of the post-termination commission clause was that in the event of termination following a prescribed period of service , commission would be paid to the plaintiff in respect of premiums actually paid under the relevant policies issued during his appointment but that it was subject to the [warning/condition] that the agent 's entitlement to such commission would cease if he entered into competing activities .

The effect of the proviso was that if the plaintiff were to recover post-termination commission he would be required to give up some freedom which he would otherwise have had , namely the freedom to take employment in whichever field he wished .
the effect of the [warning/condition] was that if the plaintiff were to recover post-termination commission he would be required to give up some freedom which he would otherwise have had , namely the freedom to take employment in whichever field he wished .

So conventionalists add this proviso to their accounts of legal practice . ``
so conventionalists add this [warning/condition] to their accounts of legal practice . ``

With the above proviso in mind , the results for this question suggest overwhelming support for initiating an automatic inspection visit to all firms late in delivering their accountants report .
with the above [warning/condition] in mind , the results for this question suggest overwhelming support for initiating an automatic inspection visit to all firms late in delivering their accountants report .

The landlord may seek possession before expiry if there is a breach of any obligation of the tenancy or non-payment of rent and a proviso for re-entry or forfeiture therefore is contained in the tenancy agreement .
the landlord may seek possession before expiry if there is a breach of any obligation of the tenancy or non-payment of rent and a [warning/condition] for re-entry or forfeiture therefore is contained in the tenancy agreement .

The proviso is , of course , the ruband only half the rub at that .
the [warning/condition] is , of course , the ruband only half the rub at that .

This may be done by including in the grant of the option a proviso that it is to be void if it is not registered as an estate contract within , say , three months from the date of the lease .
this may be done by including in the grant of the option a [warning/condition] that it is to be void if it is not registered as an estate contract within , say , three months from the date of the lease .

The quota for this year has been set at 120,000 tonnes ( compared with 235,000 in 1989 ) , with a proviso that only 25,000 tonnes can be caught before July , at which point the report of a new study may trigger further cuts .
the quota for this year has been set at 120,000 tonnes ( compared with 235,000 in 1989 ) , with a [warning/condition] that only 25,000 tonnes can be caught before july , at which point the report of a new study may trigger further cuts .

Eventually `` Cocky `` agreed with the proviso that he undertook a short course at Warboys on the Mossie before he attempted what was known as the Cheshire low-level marking technique .
eventually `` cocky `` agreed with the [warning/condition] that he undertook a short course at warboys on the mossie before he attempted what was known as the cheshire low-level marking technique .

The adoption contract might contain a proviso that if a natural son was born he would take precedence as the legal heir .
the adoption contract might contain a [warning/condition] that if a natural son was born he would take precedence as the legal heir .

There is one proviso to this : make sure that both you and the client are talking about the same thing .
there is one [warning/condition] to this : make sure that both you and the client are talking about the same thing .

What all this amounts to is a proviso that research based on samples of five hundred , a thousand , or more individuals should not be uncritically accepted as ‘ good ’ research while surveys using small samples , say a hundred or less , are dismissed as invalid .
what all this amounts to is a [warning/condition] that research based on samples of five hundred , a thousand , or more individuals should not be uncritically accepted as ‘ good ’ research while surveys using small samples , say a hundred or less , are dismissed as invalid .

Prices and foreign trade are liberalized , always with the proviso that the relevant minister may impose exceptions in the interest of national economy or emergencies .
prices and foreign trade are liberalized , always with the [warning/condition] that the relevant minister may impose exceptions in the interest of national economy or emergencies .

The early release of prisoners serving long sentences of determinate duration was supported , although in the same way as the Longford report to the Labour Party eighteen months before , the policy group added a proviso that the Home Secretary should in all cases consult an advisory body before doing so .
the early release of prisoners serving long sentences of determinate duration was supported , although in the same way as the longford report to the labour party eighteen months before , the policy group added a [warning/condition] that the home secretary should in all cases consult an advisory body before doing so .

It is generally appreciated within the hotel industry that this second proviso provides the innkeeper with a broad power to regulate the clientele at the inn .
it is generally appreciated within the hotel industry that this second [warning/condition] provides the innkeeper with a broad power to regulate the clientele at the inn .

It is sufficient here to note that culture does not appear to affect the way people rank goals , with the proviso that these are Western concepts , anyway , and translating them for comparison into certain cultures is fraught with difficulties ; often there is no local word available .
it is sufficient here to note that culture does not appear to affect the way people rank goals , with the [warning/condition] that these are western concepts , anyway , and translating them for comparison into certain cultures is fraught with difficulties ; often there is no local word available .

This is subject to the proviso that where it is essential that an instrument comes into effect immediately , it can be brought into effect before it is laid , but that the Speaker and/or Lord Chancellor should be informed of this and the reason for it .
this is subject to the [warning/condition] that where it is essential that an instrument comes into effect immediately , it can be brought into effect before it is laid , but that the speaker and/or lord chancellor should be informed of this and the reason for it .

Professor Stewart and his colleagues at the University of Birmingham identified a number of difficulties with these proposed changes , although with academic care they added the proviso : ‘ to identify problems is not to draw a conclusion ’ ( Stewart et al .
professor stewart and his colleagues at the university of birmingham identified a number of difficulties with these proposed changes , although with academic care they added the [warning/condition] : ‘ to identify problems is not to draw a conclusion ’ ( stewart et al .

The only proviso is that your holiday has to be for a minimum of five nights .
the only [warning/condition] is that your holiday has to be for a minimum of five nights .

This is however accompanied by a proviso , referring to the ‘ suggestions ’ as to the time , place , and manner of service which may be included in the request .
this is however accompanied by a [warning/condition] , referring to the ‘ suggestions ’ as to the time , place , and manner of service which may be included in the request .

p signed forms of authority giving access to her medical records , with a proviso to the effect there should be no copying , in any way , of her records , and that consent was only in respect of information ‘ relevant to my claim ’ .
p signed forms of authority giving access to her medical records , with a [warning/condition] to the effect there should be no copying , in any way , of her records , and that consent was only in respect of information ‘ relevant to my claim ’ .

Proviso 3 is intended to apply to situations where Local Authorities insist on work being carried out on parts of the property not even damaged , as can occur in the case of listed buildings .
[warning/condition] 3 is intended to apply to situations where local authorities insist on work being carried out on parts of the property not even damaged , as can occur in the case of listed buildings .

With the proviso that it was probably only lust , because he was already feeling slightly better .
with the [warning/condition] that it was probably only lust , because he was already feeling slightly better .

The Declaration of Rights was eventually given statutory force with the passage of the Bill of Rights in December , which included a further proviso that no Catholic could inherit the Crown .
the declaration of rights was eventually given statutory force with the passage of the bill of rights in december , which included a further [warning/condition] that no catholic could inherit the crown .

Even the most innovatory feature of the Declaration — the proviso against keeping a standing army in peace-time without Parliamentary consent — can be seen to have been a Tory concern in James 's reign .
even the most innovatory feature of the declaration — the [warning/condition] against keeping a standing army in peace-time without parliamentary consent — can be seen to have been a tory concern in james 's reign .

The requirement is subject to the proviso that our client may give a valid reason why such notice should not be given .
the requirement is subject to the [warning/condition] that our client may give a valid reason why such notice should not be given .

It is with that general proviso that we review anti-virus or diagnostics applications running under Microsoft Windows .
it is with that general [warning/condition] that we review anti-virus or diagnostics applications running under microsoft windows .

The superposition principle can be used to predict the creep and relaxation behaviour at any temperature if some results are already available , with the proviso that the most reliable predictions can be made for interpolated temperatures rather than long extrapolations .
the superposition principle can be used to predict the creep and relaxation behaviour at any temperature if some results are already available , with the [warning/condition] that the most reliable predictions can be made for interpolated temperatures rather than long extrapolations .

There was a proviso that should the value of the jewels exceed the amount of the debt , the excess must be paid over to the king 's treasury .
there was a [warning/condition] that should the value of the jewels exceed the amount of the debt , the excess must be paid over to the king 's treasury .

Gentleman quoted what one of the employers ' organisations said about workplace ballots and its proviso that they should be properly conducted .
gentleman quoted what one of the employers ' organisations said about workplace ballots and its [warning/condition] that they should be properly conducted .

The Minister has gone some way towards allaying those fears by adding the proviso that any money from disposals should be used for the acquisition of further works .
the minister has gone some way towards allaying those fears by adding the [warning/condition] that any money from disposals should be used for the acquisition of further works .

‘ My jewellery case and all its contents to my daughter Sabine ’ , her will had read , with the added proviso that the bequest should only take place after Hugh Russell 's own death .
‘ my jewellery case and all its contents to my daughter sabine ’ , her will had read , with the added [warning/condition] that the bequest should only take place after hugh russell 's own death .

Dottie Banks had been sitting in the auditorium , so she was exonerated , with the same proviso .
dottie banks had been sitting in the auditorium , so she was exonerated , with the same [warning/condition] .

, with the proviso that such lists , while convenient , may not include , for any number of reasons , all the units that belong to the population of the United Kingdom .
, with the [warning/condition] that such lists , while convenient , may not include , for any number of reasons , all the units that belong to the population of the united kingdom .

Even the simmering dispute between Clinton and Jackson [ see p. 38953 ] , appeared to have abated when , on July 11 , Jackson endorsed the Clinton-Gore ticket , but did so with the proviso that the party must `` adopt more inclusive strategies and a broader vision `` if it was to win the November elections .
even the simmering dispute between clinton and jackson [ see p. 38953 ] , appeared to have abated when , on july 11 , jackson endorsed the clinton-gore ticket , but did so with the [warning/condition] that the party must `` adopt more inclusive strategies and a broader vision `` if it was to win the november elections .

The central points of the package were ( i ) the granting within 10 years of self-government to the country 's Indian peoples [ see p. 38384 for Ontario 's recognition of Indian rights ] ; ( ii ) the recognition of Quebec as a " distinct society " empowered to control such areas as employment training , immigration , cultural programmes , broadcasting and tourism but with the proviso that similar powers would be granted to other provinces ; ( iii ) the creation of an elected senate ; ( iv ) the prohibition from mid-1995 of any laws or practices which restricted the mobility of people , capital , services and goods across the country ; and ( v ) greater regional representation on the board of the Bank of Canada .
the central points of the package were ( i ) the granting within 10 years of self-government to the country 's indian peoples [ see p. 38384 for ontario 's recognition of indian rights ] ; ( ii ) the recognition of quebec as a " distinct society " empowered to control such areas as employment training , immigration , cultural programmes , broadcasting and tourism but with the [warning/condition] that similar powers would be granted to other provinces ; ( iii ) the creation of an elected senate ; ( iv ) the prohibition from mid-1995 of any laws or practices which restricted the mobility of people , capital , services and goods across the country ; and ( v ) greater regional representation on the board of the bank of canada .

Strong measures would continue to be taken against the Kurdish guerrillas in the region , with the proviso that they should not enfringe human rights .
strong measures would continue to be taken against the kurdish guerrillas in the region , with the [warning/condition] that they should not enfringe human rights .

He would retain the right to appoint the Prime Minister , but with the proviso that he choose someone reflecting the majority in parliament .
he would retain the right to appoint the prime minister , but with the [warning/condition] that he choose someone reflecting the majority in parliament .

19 ( 1 ) In all leases whether made before or after the commencement of this Act containing a covenant condition or agreement against assigning , under- letting , charging or party with the possession of a demised premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , such covenant condition or agreement shall , notwithstanding any express provision to the contrary , be deemed to be subject — ( a ) to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld , but this proviso does not preclude the right of the landlord to require payment of a reasonable sum in respect of any legal or other expenses incurred in connection with such licence or consent ; …
19 ( 1 ) in all leases whether made before or after the commencement of this act containing a covenant condition or agreement against assigning , under- letting , charging or party with the possession of a demised premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , such covenant condition or agreement shall , notwithstanding any express provision to the contrary , be deemed to be subject — ( a ) to a [warning/condition] to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld , but this [warning/condition] does not preclude the right of the landlord to require payment of a reasonable sum in respect of any legal or other expenses incurred in connection with such licence or consent ; …

Such a right of re-entry , which is an express proviso in most legal leases and is implied into all equitable leases , gives the landlord the right literally to take possession of the land .
such a right of re-entry , which is an express [warning/condition] in most legal leases and is implied into all equitable leases , gives the landlord the right literally to take possession of the land .

( 4 ) Where a lessor is proceeding by action or otherwise to enforce a right of re-entry or forfeiture under any covenant , proviso , or stipulation in a lease , or for non-payment of rent , the court may , on application by any person claiming as an under-lessee any estate or interest in the property comprised in the lease or any part thereof , either in the lessor 's action ( if any ) or in any action brought by such person for that purpose , make an order vesting , for the whole term of the lease or any less term , the property comprised in the lease , or any part thereof in any person entitled as under-lessee to any estate or interest in such property upon such conditions as to execution of any deed or other document , payment of rent , costs , expenses , damages , compensation , giving security , or otherwise , as the court in the circumstances of each case may think fit , but in no case shall any such under-lessee be entitled to require a lease to be granted to him for any longer term than he had his original sub-lease .
( 4 ) where a lessor is proceeding by action or otherwise to enforce a right of re-entry or forfeiture under any covenant , [warning/condition] , or stipulation in a lease , or for non-payment of rent , the court may , on application by any person claiming as an under-lessee any estate or interest in the property comprised in the lease or any part thereof , either in the lessor 's action ( if any ) or in any action brought by such person for that purpose , make an order vesting , for the whole term of the lease or any less term , the property comprised in the lease , or any part thereof in any person entitled as under-lessee to any estate or interest in such property upon such conditions as to execution of any deed or other document , payment of rent , costs , expenses , damages , compensation , giving security , or otherwise , as the court in the circumstances of each case may think fit , but in no case shall any such under-lessee be entitled to require a lease to be granted to him for any longer term than he had his original sub-lease .

Thus the stereotype which exists within the community itself , of two close friends gossiping in Patois , corresponds to reality — with the proviso that even in such conversations , code switching between Creole and British English will take place .
thus the stereotype which exists within the community itself , of two close friends gossiping in patois , corresponds to reality — with the [warning/condition] that even in such conversations , code switching between creole and british english will take place .

( ii ) the death of a member has left a recognised body with no member able to exercise voting rights in respect of at least one share in the body provided ( a ) that within three months of the death the recognised body has at least one member able to exercise such voting rights , and ( b ) that until proviso ( a ) has been fulfilled either at least one share in the body is beneficially owned by a solicitor or a recognised body or the only personal representative in respect of at least one share in the body is a solicitor or a recognised body .
( ii ) the death of a member has left a recognised body with no member able to exercise voting rights in respect of at least one share in the body provided ( a ) that within three months of the death the recognised body has at least one member able to exercise such voting rights , and ( b ) that until [warning/condition] ( a ) has been fulfilled either at least one share in the body is beneficially owned by a solicitor or a recognised body or the only personal representative in respect of at least one share in the body is a solicitor or a recognised body .

It must however be emphasized that these powers can not be used by a solicitors ' incorporated practice to do anything in breach of the Solicitors Act 1974 , the Rules or any rules , principles or requirements of conduct applicable to incorporated practices — in this regard attention is drawn to the proviso set out in Clause 3 ( a ) .
it must however be emphasized that these powers can not be used by a solicitors ' incorporated practice to do anything in breach of the solicitors act 1974 , the rules or any rules , principles or requirements of conduct applicable to incorporated practices — in this regard attention is drawn to the [warning/condition] set out in clause 3 ( a ) .

It must however be emphasised that these powers can not be used by a solicitors ' incorporated practice to do anything in breach of the Solicitors Act 1974 , the Rules or any rules , principles or requirements of conduct applicable to incorporated practices — in this regard attention is drawn to the proviso set out in Clause 3 ( a ) .
it must however be emphasised that these powers can not be used by a solicitors ' incorporated practice to do anything in breach of the solicitors act 1974 , the rules or any rules , principles or requirements of conduct applicable to incorporated practices — in this regard attention is drawn to the [warning/condition] set out in clause 3 ( a ) .

The only proviso was that a layman would be able to recognize the one from the other .
the only [warning/condition] was that a layman would be able to recognize the one from the other .

The only proviso is that , as far as manuals , disks and packaging are concerned , we might have a collateral sale of goods contract .
the only [warning/condition] is that , as far as manuals , disks and packaging are concerned , we might have a collateral sale of goods contract .

Additionally , the buyer can claim damages which would be equivalent to the difference in cost of buying another similar computer elsewhere and any other expenses and losses he has been put to as a direct consequence of the breach , with the proviso that he mitigates his losses , that is , he keeps them to a minimum .
additionally , the buyer can claim damages which would be equivalent to the difference in cost of buying another similar computer elsewhere and any other expenses and losses he has been put to as a direct consequence of the breach , with the [warning/condition] that he mitigates his losses , that is , he keeps them to a minimum .

The one proviso here is that assessment centres , whether based in college or at work , have to be approved by City and Guilds as an Awarding Body .
the one [warning/condition] here is that assessment centres , whether based in college or at work , have to be approved by city and guilds as an awarding body .

Just one proviso and it is one that everyone in our industry knows … this business is no soft option .
just one [warning/condition] and it is one that everyone in our industry knows … this business is no soft option .

The proviso of the key must have raised a few eyebrows .
the [warning/condition] of the key must have raised a few eyebrows .

The result of these strong words was that the irksome proviso was deleted and the new lease agreed .
the result of these strong words was that the irksome [warning/condition] was deleted and the new lease agreed .

Her only proviso is that she wo n't do any housework .
her only [warning/condition] is that she wo n't do any housework .

This is fairly easy to answer , but only with the proviso that a given conjunction of circumstances will set prices spiralling upward again .
this is fairly easy to answer , but only with the [warning/condition] that a given conjunction of circumstances will set prices spiralling upward again .

The lessor is usually further protected by a proviso allowing him to re-enter and put an end to the lease in the event of the tenant 's failure to pay rent or observe the other covenants .
the lessor is usually further protected by a [warning/condition] allowing him to re-enter and put an end to the lease in the event of the tenant 's failure to pay rent or observe the other covenants .

The mortgagor demises the land to the mortgagee for a term of years absolute , subject to a proviso that the term shall cease when the mortgagor repays the loan .
the mortgagor demises the land to the mortgagee for a term of years absolute , subject to a [warning/condition] that the term shall cease when the mortgagor repays the loan .

The Administration 's interpretation of this proviso was such that only Britain was able to benefit from it .
the administration 's interpretation of this [warning/condition] was such that only britain was able to benefit from it .

When Ernest 's widow sold Undertown and all her land there , she left a proviso to future builders which contained a strict building code .
when ernest 's widow sold undertown and all her land there , she left a [warning/condition] to future builders which contained a strict building code .

’ In the Single European Act of 1986 there is a proviso that ‘ the institutions of the Community shall take care not to prejudice the internal or external financial stability of the member states ’ .
’ in the single european act of 1986 there is a [warning/condition] that ‘ the institutions of the community shall take care not to prejudice the internal or external financial stability of the member states ’ .

William Hill yesterday quoted Travelling Light as their 7-2 market leader ( from 4-1 ) but added a ‘ with a run ’ proviso as they had heard that all was not well with the three-year-old , who is trained by Lynda Ramsden at Sandhutton near Thirsk .
william hill yesterday quoted travelling light as their 7-2 market leader ( from 4-1 ) but added a ‘ with a run ’ [warning/condition] as they had heard that all was not well with the three-year-old , who is trained by lynda ramsden at sandhutton near thirsk .

The formidable recommended reading-list adds a proviso : ‘ There is no list of minimum readings .
the formidable recommended reading-list adds a [warning/condition] : ‘ there is no list of minimum readings .

The choice of timber is up to the entrant ; the only proviso being that the two pieces must be consistent .
the choice of timber is up to the entrant ; the only [warning/condition] being that the two pieces must be consistent .

Some patients are , in spite of reassurance , unwilling to give their real names and in these cases a fictitious name is quite in order , with the one proviso that an attempt should be made to remember the false name in case a further visit should be needed .
some patients are , in spite of reassurance , unwilling to give their real names and in these cases a fictitious name is quite in order , with the one [warning/condition] that an attempt should be made to remember the false name in case a further visit should be needed .

But he made the recommendation with a proviso .
but he made the recommendation with a [warning/condition] .

For a yearly payment of £5 he conveyed that piece of his estate to the Apothecaries Company , with one particular proviso : that every year fifty dried specimens grown there in the same year be supplied to the Royal Society of London .
for a yearly payment of £5 he conveyed that piece of his estate to the apothecaries company , with one particular [warning/condition] : that every year fifty dried specimens grown there in the same year be supplied to the royal society of london .

It is now common in most accounts to begin with the proviso that the designation ‘ nouveau roman ’ is merely a convenient quasi-journalistic or even marketing label attached to an otherwise heterogeneous collection of writers , sharing little other than the same publishing house at one time or another ( Editions de Minuit ) .
it is now common in most accounts to begin with the [warning/condition] that the designation ‘ nouveau roman ’ is merely a convenient quasi-journalistic or even marketing label attached to an otherwise heterogeneous collection of writers , sharing little other than the same publishing house at one time or another ( editions de minuit ) .

Outside lights include lanterns , bulkhead lights and other designs , with the important proviso that the fitting is weatherproof .
outside lights include lanterns , bulkhead lights and other designs , with the important [warning/condition] that the fitting is weatherproof .

Article 11 ( 2 ) carries a similar proviso .
article 11 ( 2 ) carries a similar [warning/condition] .

Instead , the amendment simply deleted the proviso excluding cinema films from the range of publications caught by the 1959 Act , which already extended to anything ‘ containing or embodying material to be read or looked at or both , any sound record , and any film or other record of a picture or pictures ’ .
instead , the amendment simply deleted the [warning/condition] excluding cinema films from the range of publications caught by the 1959 act , which already extended to anything ‘ containing or embodying material to be read or looked at or both , any sound record , and any film or other record of a picture or pictures ’ .

Should not that proviso apply to anybody serving on any committee ?
should not that [warning/condition] apply to anybody serving on any committee ?

It was agreed that £240 be given in donations now , with the proviso that later in the year further sums would be sent , particularly to Headquarters Benevolent Fund , the Star and Garter Home and the Poppy Appeal .
it was agreed that £240 be given in donations now , with the [warning/condition] that later in the year further sums would be sent , particularly to headquarters benevolent fund , the star and garter home and the poppy appeal .

So we decided to take a look at some of the alternatives available — with one proviso , they all cost less than £10 .
so we decided to take a look at some of the alternatives available — with one [warning/condition] , they all cost less than £10 .

In general , Britain 's laws do not lay down limits to the noise that a factory makes outside its walls , although in some cases local councils have permitted factory developments only on the proviso that they do not exceed specific sound levels .
in general , britain 's laws do not lay down limits to the noise that a factory makes outside its walls , although in some cases local councils have permitted factory developments only on the [warning/condition] that they do not exceed specific sound levels .

Social custom made this proviso almost nugatory .
social custom made this [warning/condition] almost nugatory .

Other companies are happy to invest , with the proviso that the government does not neglect its duty .
other companies are happy to invest , with the [warning/condition] that the government does not neglect its duty .

There was at least a proviso that she should be asked for her written consent before the company was set up but otherwise she was not mentioned in his plans for the future of the schools .
there was at least a [warning/condition] that she should be asked for her written consent before the company was set up but otherwise she was not mentioned in his plans for the future of the schools .

The bill for Home Rule finally became law just as World War I broke out , but with the proviso that it was not to be enacted until hostilities ended .
the bill for home rule finally became law just as world war i broke out , but with the [warning/condition] that it was not to be enacted until hostilities ended .

It decided to `` invalidate the smallest possible portion of the statute , excising only the viewpoint-based proviso rather than the entire exception of which it is a part . ''
it decided to `` invalidate the smallest possible portion of the statute , excising only the viewpoint-based [warning/condition] rather than the entire exception of which it is a part . ''

Dissenting in part , Judge Jacobs agreed with the majority except for its holding that the proviso banning challenges to existing welfare laws effected impermissible viewpoint-based discrimination .
dissenting in part , judge jacobs agreed with the majority except for its holding that the [warning/condition] banning challenges to existing welfare laws effected impermissible viewpoint-based discrimination .

LSC filed a petition for certiorari challenging the Court of Appeals ' conclusion that the §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) suits-for-benefits proviso was unconstitutional .
lsc filed a petition for certiorari challenging the court of appeals ' conclusion that the §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) suits-for-benefits [warning/condition] was unconstitutional .

The restriction on litigation , however , is unique , and it contains a proviso specifying what the restriction does not cover .
the restriction on litigation , however , is unique , and it contains a [warning/condition] specifying what the restriction does not cover .

We have in some cases stated that when an `` excepting proviso is found unconstitutional the substantive provisions which it qualifies can not stand , '' for `` to hold otherwise would be to extend the scope of the law .
we have in some cases stated that when an `` excepting [warning/condition] is found unconstitutional the substantive provisions which it qualifies can not stand , '' for `` to hold otherwise would be to extend the scope of the law .

Reno approved the surveillances pursuant to section 2.5 of Executive Order 12333 with the proviso that the results of these particular surveillances not be shared with criminal investigators or prosecutors without the approval of the Office of Intelligence Policy and Review .
reno approved the surveillances pursuant to section 2.5 of executive order 12333 with the [warning/condition] that the results of these particular surveillances not be shared with criminal investigators or prosecutors without the approval of the office of intelligence policy and review .

In Schroen 's opinion , the capture proviso inhibited Massoud and his forces from going after Bin Ladin but did not completely stop them .
in schroen 's opinion , the capture [warning/condition] inhibited massoud and his forces from going after bin ladin but did not completely stop them .

I wonder if there is n't a proviso that cultural-loyalty movements of language revival may be likely to fail if they are instituted by the government , but perhaps more likely to succeed if they are instituted in spite of the government .
i wonder if there is n't a [warning/condition] that cultural-loyalty movements of language revival may be likely to fail if they are instituted by the government , but perhaps more likely to succeed if they are instituted in spite of the government .

For instance , courts have overturned the proviso that donated parkland be available only to white people .
for instance , courts have overturned the [warning/condition] that donated parkland be available only to white people .

The Wilmot Proviso ?
the wilmot [warning/condition] ?

Leonard Bloomfield , having begun with a theory of meaning which emphasized the environment in which objects were present and named , had to add the obvious proviso that we sometimes mention what is not present .
leonard bloomfield , having begun with a theory of meaning which emphasized the environment in which objects were present and named , had to add the obvious [warning/condition] that we sometimes mention what is not present .

This message has been appearing on the screen with that misspelling for the past two years ( or more ) , and the cable company maintains that the card bearing the message is provided to them with the proviso that it be transmitted as is .
this message has been appearing on the screen with that misspelling for the past two years ( or more ) , and the cable company maintains that the card bearing the message is provided to them with the [warning/condition] that it be transmitted as is .

