But it seems to me it 's the person , people drinking the coffee who are getting the perk , therefore they should have twenty pounds a year added for free coffee providers
but it seems to me it 's the person , people drinking the coffee who are getting the perk , therefore they should have twenty pounds a year added for free coffee [givers]

Other measures include a special needs capital grant to be aimed at projects provided by voluntary organisations and private sector care providers .
other measures include a special needs capital grant to be aimed at projects provided by voluntary organisations and private sector care [givers] .

It is aimed at providing a common standard for all training providers , including the 22 local enterprise companies , 45 further education colleges and more than 1,500 other training organisations .
it is aimed at providing a common standard for all training [givers] , including the 22 local enterprise companies , 45 further education colleges and more than 1,500 other training organisations .

From April next year , providers are expected to have shifted to use of the guide to quality in vocational education and training and the 14-part system for auditing documents and qualifications .
from april next year , [givers] are expected to have shifted to use of the guide to quality in vocational education and training and the 14-part system for auditing documents and qualifications .

The initial reaction had been an assumption that shares would fall on the back of the changes in Advanced Corporation Tax and tax credits on dividends which , to put it simplistically , will suck £1 billion out of Britain 's pension funds , the largest providers of equity for industry .
the initial reaction had been an assumption that shares would fall on the back of the changes in advanced corporation tax and tax credits on dividends which , to put it simplistically , will suck £1 billion out of britain 's pension funds , the largest [givers] of equity for industry .

Mr Alan Milburn said new funding arrangements from April meant companies and training providers would be paid £28 a week for each trainee a drop of £3 on last year .
mr alan milburn said new funding arrangements from april meant companies and training [givers] would be paid £28 a week for each trainee a drop of £3 on last year .

It is understood Mr Hooke has major institutions to act as equity and debt providers .
it is understood mr hooke has major institutions to act as equity and debt [givers] .

Prior to the Financial Services Act regulation was largely aimed at ensuring the honesty of providers of financial services , and to stop fraudulent malpractice .
prior to the financial services act regulation was largely aimed at ensuring the honesty of [givers] of financial services , and to stop fraudulent malpractice .

Nearly-legendary Darlington saxophonist Steve Bone and his new band the Jazz Providers have lined up two residencies .
nearly-legendary darlington saxophonist steve bone and his new band the jazz [givers] have lined up two residencies .

They also believe that Labour authorities have for too long abused their position as chief low-cost housing providers allowing bureaucracy and waste to mushroom at the expense of tenants .
they also believe that labour authorities have for too long abused their position as chief low-cost housing [givers] allowing bureaucracy and waste to mushroom at the expense of tenants .

As a result , TECs generally had to make cuts in the number of providers of employment training at a time when there was a growing need for such investment .
as a result , tecs generally had to make cuts in the number of [givers] of employment training at a time when there was a growing need for such investment .

And the Liverpool Student Homes organisation is considering a plan to tell landlords that , unless they conduct annual checks on gas appliances , they will not be able to register with them as providers of approved accommodation .
and the liverpool student homes organisation is considering a plan to tell landlords that , unless they conduct annual checks on gas appliances , they will not be able to register with them as [givers] of approved accommodation .

Steve Bone 's Jazz Providers :
steve bone 's jazz [givers] :

Steve Bone 's Jazz Providers ( ‘ we provide jazz , ’ explained Steve ) play a modern kind of music , allowing their virtuoso talents free reign on old standards like Summertime , Girl From Ipanema , Water Melon Man and Sunny .
steve bone 's jazz [givers] ( ‘ we provide jazz , ’ explained steve ) play a modern kind of music , allowing their virtuoso talents free reign on old standards like summertime , girl from ipanema , water melon man and sunny .

to provide a forum for the exchange of views and information between users and providers ;
to provide a forum for the exchange of views and information between users and [givers] ;

The providers of such services are moving rapidly to develop their shares of this market .
the [givers] of such services are moving rapidly to develop their shares of this market .

‘ Black users who have difficulty gaining access to statutory services go to the groups they know ’ , says Barry Mussenden of the Black Community care Alliance , a forum for voluntary sector providers .
‘ black users who have difficulty gaining access to statutory services go to the groups they know ’ , says barry mussenden of the black community care alliance , a forum for voluntary sector [givers] .

The contracting culture should mean greater opportunities for voluntary sector providers , but Mussenden identifies problems .
the contracting culture should mean greater opportunities for voluntary sector [givers] , but mussenden identifies problems .

There is a need to ensure organisational change does n't outpace ‘ cultural ’ change : that devolution does n't proceed until experience in managing budgets is complemented by experience in discussion financial issues honestly with users and providers .
there is a need to ensure organisational change does n't outpace ‘ cultural ’ change : that devolution does n't proceed until experience in managing budgets is complemented by experience in discussion financial issues honestly with users and [givers] .

Their reputation now rests in the professional audio industry , and the ordinary muso might only be aware of Dynacord as providers of amps to the accordion players of Bavaria .
their reputation now rests in the professional audio industry , and the ordinary muso might only be aware of dynacord as [givers] of amps to the accordion players of bavaria .

Unless hardware maintenance providers broaden the range of services they offer , position their products correctly and market them right , they will not succeed in today 's hardware market , which is dropping in value more rapidly than previously predicted .
unless hardware maintenance [givers] broaden the range of services they offer , position their products correctly and market them right , they will not succeed in today 's hardware market , which is dropping in value more rapidly than previously predicted .

live near one another ; neighbouring ‘ is the actual pattern of interaction ’ which can be perceived negatively or positively , whereas ‘ neighbourliness ’ is ‘ a positive and committed relationship constructed between neighbours ’ . Neighbourhoods , it should be noted , will probably be defined differently by local people and service providers ! ( Bulmer , 1986 )
live near one another ; neighbouring ‘ is the actual pattern of interaction ’ which can be perceived negatively or positively , whereas ‘ neighbourliness ’ is ‘ a positive and committed relationship constructed between neighbours ’ . neighbourhoods , it should be noted , will probably be defined differently by local people and service [givers] ! ( bulmer , 1986 )

Since this is inextricably bound up with women 's position in society as the prime providers of such tending , it becomes difficult to say whether the depressed status of such work is a result of a system of male domination of women or whether such work has been allocated to women as part of that process .
since this is inextricably bound up with women 's position in society as the prime [givers] of such tending , it becomes difficult to say whether the depressed status of such work is a result of a system of male domination of women or whether such work has been allocated to women as part of that process .

The crunch , however , has come with the introduction of the internal market in the health service , with the separation of purchasers and providers and the withdrawal of money from London , as health-care purchasers look for cheaper , locally based services .
the crunch , however , has come with the introduction of the internal market in the health service , with the separation of purchasers and [givers] and the withdrawal of money from london , as health-care purchasers look for cheaper , locally based services .

Yet the state is applying maximum pressure on us , the providers of health care , to get value for money .
yet the state is applying maximum pressure on us , the [givers] of health care , to get value for money .

This may have some root in Tolkien 's own experience , for it stresses the unwisdom of fathers leaving their children — Tolkien hardly knew his own father — and seems to be groping towards a statement about the incompatibility of men and women , users and providers , wasters and winners .
this may have some root in tolkien 's own experience , for it stresses the unwisdom of fathers leaving their children — tolkien hardly knew his own father — and seems to be groping towards a statement about the incompatibility of men and women , users and [givers] , wasters and winners .

There are positive implications for the providers of well organized clubs offering guidance and instruction at varying levels .
there are positive implications for the [givers] of well organized clubs offering guidance and instruction at varying levels .

Their job is to find out what people are looking for when they spend their money , and to advise manufacturers and providers of services what the customer wants .
their job is to find out what people are looking for when they spend their money , and to advise manufacturers and [givers] of services what the customer wants .

The role of the media as information providers is often overlooked by those who emphasize their overtly political functions .
the role of the media as information [givers] is often overlooked by those who emphasize their overtly political functions .

Although as a breed pension providers act very conservatively , and moreover , your money would be protected under the strict rules brought in by the Financial Services Act , no one can forecast with total confidence how well or otherwise any particular investment will do .
although as a breed pension [givers] act very conservatively , and moreover , your money would be protected under the strict rules brought in by the financial services act , no one can forecast with total confidence how well or otherwise any particular investment will do .

Although all life and pension policy providers are now required by law to state their charges in writing , it is often extremely difficult for a lay person to work out exactly what is involved ; or to make meaningful comparisons between one organisation 's charges and another 's .
although all life and pension policy [givers] are now required by law to state their charges in writing , it is often extremely difficult for a lay person to work out exactly what is involved ; or to make meaningful comparisons between one organisation 's charges and another 's .

And that means that the insurance premiums should be cheaper — at between 2% and 3% of the capital at risk — than the 3%-plus normally charged by private political risk providers .
and that means that the insurance premiums should be cheaper — at between 2% and 3% of the capital at risk — than the 3%-plus normally charged by private political risk [givers] .

Where they introduce people to lenders who are tied to authorised investment providers , such as life offices , they require authorisation or exemption .
where they introduce people to lenders who are tied to authorised investment [givers] , such as life offices , they require authorisation or exemption .

There should also be rules to meet the needs of other service providers .
there should also be rules to meet the needs of other service [givers] .

There are only two network providers — Cellnet and Vodafone — and as their licences prevent them from dealing directly with end users , this role is fulfilled by the service providers .
there are only two network [givers] — cellnet and vodafone — and as their licences prevent them from dealing directly with end users , this role is fulfilled by the service [givers] .

Service providers tend to specialise .
service [givers] tend to specialise .

But the majority of service providers will also have appointed a group of dealers to sell and install equipment on their behalf .
but the majority of service [givers] will also have appointed a group of dealers to sell and install equipment on their behalf .

Providers : Independent companies Subject matter : Essential and specialist technical knowledge . May be accountancy related or appropriate to members ' current employment
[givers] : independent companies subject matter : essential and specialist technical knowledge . may be accountancy related or appropriate to members ' current employment

Providers : Likely to be Institute , District Societies , in-house within firms or companies , although independent providers may offer similar services .
[givers] : likely to be institute , district societies , in-house within firms or companies , although independent [givers] may offer similar services .

Providers : Institute , District Societies , firms or companies and independent providers Subject matter : Essential and specialist technical knowledge ; Management and business skills
[givers] : institute , district societies , firms or companies and independent [givers] subject matter : essential and specialist technical knowledge ; management and business skills

Providers : Likely to be Institute technical committees , government committees , District Societies ' technical committees and those of practising firms Subject matter : Technical knowledge ( rather than application ) in the above areas
[givers] : likely to be institute technical committees , government committees , district societies ' technical committees and those of practising firms subject matter : technical knowledge ( rather than application ) in the above areas

Providers : Institute or independent of the Institute Subject matter : Specialisation in particular accounting related field eg insolvency , taxation .
[givers] : institute or independent of the institute subject matter : specialisation in particular accounting related field eg insolvency , taxation .

Women no longer talk so explicitly about men as distant providers who should be obeyed and serviced , but many women often talk as if they do n't expect much better .
women no longer talk so explicitly about men as distant [givers] who should be obeyed and serviced , but many women often talk as if they do n't expect much better .

Increasingly , links between different network services are being made available by the service providers .
increasingly , links between different network services are being made available by the service [givers] .

People who are members of the same household are also major providers of support .
people who are members of the same household are also major [givers] of support .

Purchasers and providers are now judged by performance indicators .
purchasers and [givers] are now judged by performance indicators .

Social services workers were more optimistic than health colleagues about the extent to which GPs and residential providers were actively involved in community care planning .
social services workers were more optimistic than health colleagues about the extent to which gps and residential [givers] were actively involved in community care planning .

Competition between different providers of trains on the same route will not work , they say .
competition between different [givers] of trains on the same route will not work , they say .

The idea — a version of managed competition — is that each pool , with its thousands of members , will be in a strong position to negotiate for a menu of medical-benefit packages.Health-care providers — physicians , hospitals and pharmaceutical companies — will be compelled to come together to offer these packages or risk losing patients .
the idea — a version of managed competition — is that each pool , with its thousands of members , will be in a strong position to negotiate for a menu of medical-benefit packages.health-care [givers] — physicians , hospitals and pharmaceutical companies — will be compelled to come together to offer these packages or risk losing patients .

Elderly people were caught up in a political , financial and staffing web in which services were run according to the needs of service providers , Harbert told the conference .
elderly people were caught up in a political , financial and staffing web in which services were run according to the needs of service [givers] , harbert told the conference .

‘ Most knowledge and experience is located with independent providers .
‘ most knowledge and experience is located with independent [givers] .

‘ Rather than creating a chasm between purchasers and providers , we need to build bridges across the gap and enable people to move backwards and forwards from care management to service management , ’ she says .
‘ rather than creating a chasm between purchasers and [givers] , we need to build bridges across the gap and enable people to move backwards and forwards from care management to service management , ’ she says .

This confusion between providers is compounded by the different definitions used by departments and agencies to identify their clients .
this confusion between [givers] is compounded by the different definitions used by departments and agencies to identify their clients .

The providers of the Climbline service , advertised on the Contents page of Climber & Hill Walker , comment on the issues raised by Mr Kidman .
the [givers] of the climbline service , advertised on the contents page of climber & hill walker , comment on the issues raised by mr kidman .

The objectives are to help members of the public to find their way through this information store and to transmit their orders for particular journeys or holidays to the providers of those services .
the objectives are to help members of the public to find their way through this information store and to transmit their orders for particular journeys or holidays to the [givers] of those services .

Schemes such as the furniture stores would have operated at a much more modest level whereas now they are the main providers of this service in the city .
schemes such as the furniture stores would have operated at a much more modest level whereas now they are the main [givers] of this service in the city .

Men were the providers .
men were the [givers] .

But there are signs too that the professional care providers seek to halt the slight trend in reduction which has taken place in the role of the mental hospital .
but there are signs too that the professional care [givers] seek to halt the slight trend in reduction which has taken place in the role of the mental hospital .

Community care co-ordinated from Brussels and delivered into neighbourhoods by the corporate providers of the European Community would seem the final blow to the familial , private and intimately local ideal .
community care co-ordinated from brussels and delivered into neighbourhoods by the corporate [givers] of the european community would seem the final blow to the familial , private and intimately local ideal .

It is necessary to do so because training resources are limited and because the morale and motivation of the teaching force depend on satisfaction with what is offered — indeed , on opportunities to negotiate what is available with course providers .
it is necessary to do so because training resources are limited and because the morale and motivation of the teaching force depend on satisfaction with what is offered — indeed , on opportunities to negotiate what is available with course [givers] .

Local authorities should become the planners , organizers and purchasers of care services , but not direct providers .
local authorities should become the planners , organizers and purchasers of care services , but not direct [givers] .

Griffiths believed that a greater diversity of service options would develop if the independent sector , voluntary organizations and private companies were encouraged to compete for contracts for domiciliary and residential care services : indeed , there is evidence from initiatives in services for people with mental handicap that having a multiplicity of different service providers stimulates creative innovations in services in a way which monolithic public sector services seem slow to do .
griffiths believed that a greater diversity of service options would develop if the independent sector , voluntary organizations and private companies were encouraged to compete for contracts for domiciliary and residential care services : indeed , there is evidence from initiatives in services for people with mental handicap that having a multiplicity of different service [givers] stimulates creative innovations in services in a way which monolithic public sector services seem slow to do .

For all these reasons , there are bound to be tensions in the relationship between mental health service providers and those on the receiving end .
for all these reasons , there are bound to be tensions in the relationship between mental health service [givers] and those on the receiving end .

To an extent some such tension is inherent to the advocacy role : ‘ advocates ’ volunteer to get to know individuals using the service , set out the options for them and negotiate on their behalf with service providers .
to an extent some such tension is inherent to the advocacy role : ‘ advocates ’ volunteer to get to know individuals using the service , set out the options for them and negotiate on their behalf with service [givers] .

Staff involved in scandals are nearly always the victims , too , of a system that has failed to recognize the needs of both users and providers .
staff involved in scandals are nearly always the victims , too , of a system that has failed to recognize the needs of both users and [givers] .

Professional education and training inevitably create such a social and educational gap between the providers of the services and working-class users that unless efforts are made to narrow it or close it , working-class people will make less adequate use of services .
professional education and training inevitably create such a social and educational gap between the [givers] of the services and working-class users that unless efforts are made to narrow it or close it , working-class people will make less adequate use of services .

Local authorities have always been the main providers of wheelchair and mobility adapted housing , and although the actual number of such dwellings decreased between the periods 1970/81 and 1982/6 due to an overall decline in their house-building programme , the percentage of wheelchair and mobility adapted housing increased in this period .
local authorities have always been the main [givers] of wheelchair and mobility adapted housing , and although the actual number of such dwellings decreased between the periods 1970/81 and 1982/6 due to an overall decline in their house-building programme , the percentage of wheelchair and mobility adapted housing increased in this period .

This is partly because access into council housing is through housing need rather than ability to pay but also because local authorities are the main providers of wheelchair and mobility adapted accommodation , with very little provision made in the housing association , private , rented or owner-occupied sector .
this is partly because access into council housing is through housing need rather than ability to pay but also because local authorities are the main [givers] of wheelchair and mobility adapted accommodation , with very little provision made in the housing association , private , rented or owner-occupied sector .

Chapter 12 will examine the challenge to the notion that the shareholders are uniquely qualified to be holders of residual rights , and the argument that a form of productive organisation in which the trading surplus accrues to the employees rather than the providers of capital is capable of operating no less efficiently , at least as far as the control of shirking is concerned , than the existing corporate form .
chapter 12 will examine the challenge to the notion that the shareholders are uniquely qualified to be holders of residual rights , and the argument that a form of productive organisation in which the trading surplus accrues to the employees rather than the [givers] of capital is capable of operating no less efficiently , at least as far as the control of shirking is concerned , than the existing corporate form .

Of particular importance are providers of debt finance , who through powers contained in loan agreement covenants may prevent the directors from disposing of particular assets , for example , or restrict their ability to raise further debt or to pay dividends .
of particular importance are [givers] of debt finance , who through powers contained in loan agreement covenants may prevent the directors from disposing of particular assets , for example , or restrict their ability to raise further debt or to pay dividends .

The standard formulation of the proper objective of management in the economics literature is that managers should seek to maximise the value of the firm , that is , the value of the residual after all fixed claims , such as those of the providers of loan finance and of employees , have been met .
the standard formulation of the proper objective of management in the economics literature is that managers should seek to maximise the value of the firm , that is , the value of the residual after all fixed claims , such as those of the [givers] of loan finance and of employees , have been met .

The 184 main providers are divided into two sectors : 46 universities ( including the Open University ) and 138 polytechnics and colleges .
the 184 main [givers] are divided into two sectors : 46 universities ( including the open university ) and 138 polytechnics and colleges .

In a similar fashion , changes in industry structure have created massive innovation opportunities for American health care providers .
in a similar fashion , changes in industry structure have created massive innovation opportunities for american health care [givers] .

It is usually assumed that teachers and heads are held to account but whether they are accountable to resource providers ( ratepayers , taxpayers , policy makers , administrators ) , customers ( pupils , parents , employers ) , or their professional colleagues , is ill-defined .
it is usually assumed that teachers and heads are held to account but whether they are accountable to resource [givers] ( ratepayers , taxpayers , policy makers , administrators ) , customers ( pupils , parents , employers ) , or their professional colleagues , is ill-defined .

e.g. The passage on p. 16 argues that monarchy provided the important political people in Europe because of its universality as a form of government and because it embodied the values and aspirations of contemporary society-monarchy led society ( e.g. patronage ) and also fulfilled conservative role by sanctioning the established order- monarchy 's authority and status in large part derived from alliance with the landed aristocracy and army-the rise of industrial and commercial classes challenged this status quo as the new providers of national wealth , though agriculture still important- industrialists absorbed into status quo .
e.g. the passage on p. 16 argues that monarchy provided the important political people in europe because of its universality as a form of government and because it embodied the values and aspirations of contemporary society-monarchy led society ( e.g. patronage ) and also fulfilled conservative role by sanctioning the established order- monarchy 's authority and status in large part derived from alliance with the landed aristocracy and army-the rise of industrial and commercial classes challenged this status quo as the new [givers] of national wealth , though agriculture still important- industrialists absorbed into status quo .

The Friendly Societies and insurance companies , who were already involved in the provision of sickness cover for many working people , were allowed to participate as agents for the scheme and providers of additional benefits .
the friendly societies and insurance companies , who were already involved in the provision of sickness cover for many working people , were allowed to participate as agents for the scheme and [givers] of additional benefits .

The determinants of an individuals ' welfare can be broadly classified as depending upon their own capacity to care for themselves combined with ( a ) market activities and relationships ; ( b ) the behaviour of ‘ significant others ’ as providers of ‘ informal care ’ amongst whom family members are likely to be the most important ; and ( c ) the role played by the state .
the determinants of an individuals ' welfare can be broadly classified as depending upon their own capacity to care for themselves combined with ( a ) market activities and relationships ; ( b ) the behaviour of ‘ significant others ’ as [givers] of ‘ informal care ’ amongst whom family members are likely to be the most important ; and ( c ) the role played by the state .

The choices being made by purchasers and providers will have an impact , and in some places extra resources may be required .
the choices being made by purchasers and [givers] will have an impact , and in some places extra resources may be required .

Others managed to negotiate favourable terms with their existing providers , thus achieving savings without affecting referral patterns .
others managed to negotiate favourable terms with their existing [givers] , thus achieving savings without affecting referral patterns .

Original intentions to replace large-scale institutions with statutory services provided in the community have increasingly been modified , with a growing emphasis being placed instead on the role of families , friends and neighbours as the main providers of ‘ community care ’ .
original intentions to replace large-scale institutions with statutory services provided in the community have increasingly been modified , with a growing emphasis being placed instead on the role of families , friends and neighbours as the main [givers] of ‘ community care ’ .

Banks and insurance companies were early providers of formal occupational pension schemes during the second half of the nineteenth century .
banks and insurance companies were early [givers] of formal occupational pension schemes during the second half of the nineteenth century .

Occupational pension scheme rules and related personnel policies helped to construct salaried men , in particular , as ‘ good providers ’ , who typically served out a lengthy working life with one employer .
occupational pension scheme rules and related personnel policies helped to construct salaried men , in particular , as ‘ good [givers] ’ , who typically served out a lengthy working life with one employer .

Occupational pension providers were more interested in improving the benefits available to women as widows , rather than as scheme members in their own right .
occupational pension [givers] were more interested in improving the benefits available to women as widows , rather than as scheme members in their own right .

Indeed , the more recent history of pension provision shows more concern on the part of both governments and occupational pension providers to increase widows ' benefits ( themselves symbolic of the financial dependence of wives in marriage ) , than to help women build up their own occupational pension records .
indeed , the more recent history of pension provision shows more concern on the part of both governments and occupational pension [givers] to increase widows ' benefits ( themselves symbolic of the financial dependence of wives in marriage ) , than to help women build up their own occupational pension records .

Pension providers are currently being challenged in this way by the existence of new family forms .
pension [givers] are currently being challenged in this way by the existence of new family forms .

Michael Steen , owner of Wessex Home Care and a Dorset councillor , said more than 20 would-be providers had contacted him about licences .
michael steen , owner of wessex home care and a dorset councillor , said more than 20 would-be [givers] had contacted him about licences .

This is designed to test the feasibility of extending fundholding to cover all services and not just the limited range of services at present included — which represents only about 20 % of services purchased from providers .
this is designed to test the feasibility of extending fundholding to cover all services and not just the limited range of services at present included — which represents only about 20 % of services purchased from [givers] .

The executive committee of the association will negotiate the broad contractual issues with providers with detail being resolved directly between fundholding practices and providers .
the executive committee of the association will negotiate the broad contractual issues with [givers] with detail being resolved directly between fundholding practices and [givers] .

The health board , which negotiates contracts for non-fundholders , is to be represented in the negotiations between providers and fundholders .
the health board , which negotiates contracts for non-fundholders , is to be represented in the negotiations between [givers] and fundholders .

Providers have had to cope with the uncertainty created by the unpredictability of fundholders ' purchasing decisions or maintain services on a lower throughput when fundholders referred elsewhere .
[givers] have had to cope with the uncertainty created by the unpredictability of fundholders ' purchasing decisions or maintain services on a lower throughput when fundholders referred elsewhere .

To conclude , close cooperation between providers of primary and tertiary care could contribute to the more appropriate use of dilatation and curettage and allow ‘ office ’ endometrial sampling to be performed by general practitioners with a concomitant reduction in day case and inpatient procedures .
to conclude , close cooperation between [givers] of primary and tertiary care could contribute to the more appropriate use of dilatation and curettage and allow ‘ office ’ endometrial sampling to be performed by general practitioners with a concomitant reduction in day case and inpatient procedures .

Editor , — In West Midlands Regional Health Authority ‘ one or two ’ providers have been ‘ in difficulty , ’ a spokesperson said .
editor , — in west midlands regional health authority ‘ one or two ’ [givers] have been ‘ in difficulty , ’ a spokesperson said .

Overcrowding , homelessness , violence , drug and alcohol abuse , crime , and large numbers of migrant workers and tourists throw a great strain on providers of illness care , and we have no control over these problems .
overcrowding , homelessness , violence , drug and alcohol abuse , crime , and large numbers of migrant workers and tourists throw a great strain on [givers] of illness care , and we have no control over these problems .

In Southwark the processes of assessment and care management have been planned through an interagency group comprising local authority officers , and representatives from all the health providers and purchasers and the voluntary sector .
in southwark the processes of assessment and care management have been planned through an interagency group comprising local authority officers , and representatives from all the health [givers] and purchasers and the voluntary sector .

The formula dictating how social security budgets are transferred to local authorities discriminates against Southwark and most other inner city authorities in London which have few existing private and voluntary providers within their boundaries .
the formula dictating how social security budgets are transferred to local authorities discriminates against southwark and most other inner city authorities in london which have few existing private and voluntary [givers] within their boundaries .

The formula rewards authorities with large numbers of local independent providers and does not allocate resources to the authorities from which residents using that independently run care originated .
the formula rewards authorities with large numbers of local independent [givers] and does not allocate resources to the authorities from which residents using that independently run care originated .

Editor , — Chris Ham states that ‘ The introduction of contracts has helped to enhance the accountability of providers to purchasers , ’ but from our own research we are aware of some purchasing organisations that have failed to exercise any control over the financial and strategic operations of providers ( presented to the Health Economics Studies Group , York , 1993 ) .
editor , — chris ham states that ‘ the introduction of contracts has helped to enhance the accountability of [givers] to purchasers , ’ but from our own research we are aware of some purchasing organisations that have failed to exercise any control over the financial and strategic operations of [givers] ( presented to the health economics studies group , york , 1993 ) .

Many providers seem to have been able to ‘ capture ’ the market place , safe in the knowledge that they are in a better position than purchasers to favourably influence the local and national political environments to their advantage .
many [givers] seem to have been able to ‘ capture ’ the market place , safe in the knowledge that they are in a better position than purchasers to favourably influence the local and national political environments to their advantage .

In particular the threat to switch contracts to alternative providers is an empty one for many health authorities .
in particular the threat to switch contracts to alternative [givers] is an empty one for many health authorities .

We are aware that , in the present round of contracting , some health authorities are coming under pressure from regions to support providers for whom they are the main purchaser .
we are aware that , in the present round of contracting , some health authorities are coming under pressure from regions to support [givers] for whom they are the main purchaser .

He wanted to see a mixed economy of care and he considered it essential that the social services authorities should see themselves as the arrangers and purchasers of care services , not as monopolistic providers .
he wanted to see a mixed economy of care and he considered it essential that the social services authorities should see themselves as the arrangers and purchasers of care services , not as monopolistic [givers] .

Both through my background reading and my own observations it appeared that day care is perceived differently by different providers of services .
both through my background reading and my own observations it appeared that day care is perceived differently by different [givers] of services .

Although evaluation is a complex issue , it is important in considering future development to ascertain whether day care is fulfilling its objectives as perceived both by the providers and also by the consumers of services .
although evaluation is a complex issue , it is important in considering future development to ascertain whether day care is fulfilling its objectives as perceived both by the [givers] and also by the consumers of services .

In looking at future development the service providers must address the geographic problems that can occur and also the duration of provision ( days , hours , weekends etc ) and consider whether these can best be met in a joint planning context .
in looking at future development the service [givers] must address the geographic problems that can occur and also the duration of provision ( days , hours , weekends etc ) and consider whether these can best be met in a joint planning context .

To implement a purchaser-provider split within Newcastle social services department the plan is to let the fieldwork section , based in area social work teams , act as purchasers and the residential and day care section ( which includes home care ) to act as providers .
to implement a purchaser-provider split within newcastle social services department the plan is to let the fieldwork section , based in area social work teams , act as purchasers and the residential and day care section ( which includes home care ) to act as [givers] .

Purchasers could give the new deal a push by insisting that providers implement it .
purchasers could give the new deal a push by insisting that [givers] implement it .

The much publicised case of Ben Silcock and the health secretary 's response to it have once again revealed important differences among mental health care providers about which care is most necessary ; it has also emphasised underlying uncertainties about whether community care for people with a diagnosis of severe mental illness can ever really work .
the much publicised case of ben silcock and the health secretary 's response to it have once again revealed important differences among mental health care [givers] about which care is most necessary ; it has also emphasised underlying uncertainties about whether community care for people with a diagnosis of severe mental illness can ever really work .

Perhaps purchasers or providers elsewhere would not be prepared to devote the necessary resources to involving service users in this way .
perhaps purchasers or [givers] elsewhere would not be prepared to devote the necessary resources to involving service users in this way .

The government 's refusal fully to implement the Disabled Person 's ( Services , Consultation and Representation ) Act 1986 leaves users dependent on the good practice of service providers , without clear cut rights to assessment or explanation when services are not provided .
the government 's refusal fully to implement the disabled person 's ( services , consultation and representation ) act 1986 leaves users dependent on the good practice of service [givers] , without clear cut rights to assessment or explanation when services are not provided .

They state that the Government believes that free competition between the providers of legal services will , through the discipline of the market , ensure that the public is provided with the most efficient and effective network of legal services at the most economical price .
they state that the government believes that free competition between the [givers] of legal services will , through the discipline of the market , ensure that the public is provided with the most efficient and effective network of legal services at the most economical price .

The mood of deregulation is tempered only by reference to the need to assure the public of the competence of providers of legal services .
the mood of deregulation is tempered only by reference to the need to assure the public of the competence of [givers] of legal services .

With some 15,500 outlets for their business , solicitors are likely to remain for some time the principal providers of legal services even if there is considerable expansion of alternatives to the use of solicitors for some legal work ( The Law Society , 1990 ) .
with some 15,500 outlets for their business , solicitors are likely to remain for some time the principal [givers] of legal services even if there is considerable expansion of alternatives to the use of solicitors for some legal work ( the law society , 1990 ) .

Providers also have a duty of care in relation to any property ( eg motor vehicle , television set etc ) which a customer leaves with them .
[givers] also have a duty of care in relation to any property ( eg motor vehicle , television set etc ) which a customer leaves with them .

through national pressure groups of local government and local government professionals ) rests upon their ability to provide central or federal government with valuable information , to mobilise legislators to support their cause and their position and expertise as major providers of welfare state services .
through national pressure groups of local government and local government professionals ) rests upon their ability to provide central or federal government with valuable information , to mobilise legislators to support their cause and their position and expertise as major [givers] of welfare state services .

The success of these courses in influencing the quality of school and classroom practice depended on a number of factors , some of them — like the receptiveness of teachers attending them and the willingness of schools to encourage and accommodate change — beyond the control of the course providers .
the success of these courses in influencing the quality of school and classroom practice depended on a number of factors , some of them — like the receptiveness of teachers attending them and the willingness of schools to encourage and accommodate change — beyond the control of the course [givers] .

At the same time , there were two recurrent factors within providers ' control : the clarity and appropriateness of the messages being conveyed , and the appropriateness of the methods used to convey them .
at the same time , there were two recurrent factors within [givers] ' control : the clarity and appropriateness of the messages being conveyed , and the appropriateness of the methods used to convey them .

Some represent users and providers of services .
some represent users and [givers] of services .

In the United Kingdom , users and providers focus their attention on the spending departments in Whitehall .
in the united kingdom , users and [givers] focus their attention on the spending departments in whitehall .

Fees and charges are payments made to service providers for services rendered .
fees and charges are payments made to service [givers] for services rendered .

There are some good arguments for tax payers ' money being channelled to social service providers that are not statutory bodies .
there are some good arguments for tax payers ' money being channelled to social service [givers] that are not statutory bodies .

Purchasers and providers
purchasers and [givers]

These doctors then make their own contracts with whatever hospitals or other providers they wish to and pay them from their larger budget .
these doctors then make their own contracts with whatever hospitals or other [givers] they wish to and pay them from their larger budget .

The use of associations adds a degree of respectability to the ‘ pick a landlord ’ scheme , and the government clearly expects housing associations to become the main providers of ‘ social housing ’ — housing for those in need .
the use of associations adds a degree of respectability to the ‘ pick a landlord ’ scheme , and the government clearly expects housing associations to become the main [givers] of ‘ social housing ’ — housing for those in need .

Local authority social services departments , the principal providers of these services , are the main employers of social workers , but they also employ care assistants and home helps .
local authority social services departments , the principal [givers] of these services , are the main employers of social workers , but they also employ care assistants and home helps .

It is vital that social services authorities should see themselves as the arrangers and purchasers of care services — not as monopolistic providers .
it is vital that social services authorities should see themselves as the arrangers and purchasers of care services — not as monopolistic [givers] .

The provision of information to both consumers and providers of care .
the provision of information to both consumers and [givers] of care .

In the same debate Mr Mellor restated the government 's intention of encouraging local authorities to make greater use of the private and voluntary sectors and to see themselves as enablers rather than providers .
in the same debate mr mellor restated the government 's intention of encouraging local authorities to make greater use of the private and voluntary sectors and to see themselves as enablers rather than [givers] .

Transfer from local authorities to voluntary organisations would result in a less equitable distribution of resources , and it is difficult to see how the shortcomings of the voluntary sector could be sufficiently modified to make voluntary organisations an acceptable alternative to local authorities as providers of community care services .
transfer from local authorities to voluntary organisations would result in a less equitable distribution of resources , and it is difficult to see how the shortcomings of the voluntary sector could be sufficiently modified to make voluntary organisations an acceptable alternative to local authorities as [givers] of community care services .

To devolve responsibility for the kind of social services we currently enjoy to a mass of informal , ill-organised groups and organisations would constitute so great a dismantling of the personal social services system as to leave its functions solely to hidden providers of informal care .
to devolve responsibility for the kind of social services we currently enjoy to a mass of informal , ill-organised groups and organisations would constitute so great a dismantling of the personal social services system as to leave its functions solely to hidden [givers] of informal care .

The dismantling of the personal social services would also open the way for commercial providers .
the dismantling of the personal social services would also open the way for commercial [givers] .

Providers must be fully informed of consumers ' needs and consumers must be fully informed of the services available and the options open to them .
[givers] must be fully informed of consumers ' needs and consumers must be fully informed of the services available and the options open to them .

Social services authorities will be expected to make clear in their community care plans what steps they will be taking to make increased use of non-statutory service providers or , where such providers are not currently available , how they propose to stimulate such activity .
social services authorities will be expected to make clear in their community care plans what steps they will be taking to make increased use of non-statutory service [givers] or , where such [givers] are not currently available , how they propose to stimulate such activity .

The interweaving of statutory , voluntary and informal care may be a way forward , but there is no alternative to social services departments remaining the main providers .
the interweaving of statutory , voluntary and informal care may be a way forward , but there is no alternative to social services departments remaining the main [givers] .

We were one of the first credit information providers to computerise our data resource and our understanding of technology has brought many benefits to our customer .
we were one of the first credit information [givers] to computerise our data resource and our understanding of technology has brought many benefits to our customer .

However , if linguists are to convince practising teachers and the providers of pre- and in-service courses , they must explicitly examine and justify this belief .
however , if linguists are to convince practising teachers and the [givers] of pre- and in-service courses , they must explicitly examine and justify this belief .

The growth of this type of training , however , has not been determined solely by the providers .
the growth of this type of training , however , has not been determined solely by the [givers] .

First of all , it might be useful to confront what will happen if this issue is not addressed systematically . What will be the result if a significant proportion of the population can not , because of language and cultural differences , gain effective access to the legal system , to the health services and to local government services — including housing and social services ? What will happen to the most vulnerable , who can not even complain because they can not communicate — even though they pay their taxes to support these services ? What will be the effect upon the providers of those services who will have to be professionally responsible for decisions made upon inaccurate or incomplete information ?
first of all , it might be useful to confront what will happen if this issue is not addressed systematically . what will be the result if a significant proportion of the population can not , because of language and cultural differences , gain effective access to the legal system , to the health services and to local government services — including housing and social services ? what will happen to the most vulnerable , who can not even complain because they can not communicate — even though they pay their taxes to support these services ? what will be the effect upon the [givers] of those services who will have to be professionally responsible for decisions made upon inaccurate or incomplete information ?

There is increasing concern among service providers who are being expected to provide an equal standard of service to all their clients without the necessary language facilities .
there is increasing concern among service [givers] who are being expected to provide an equal standard of service to all their clients without the necessary language facilities .

1 Bilingual Service Providers — people who are both qualified to provide a service ( such as doctors , policemen , lawyers and environmental health officers ) and are competent to offer that service in either English or another language .
1 bilingual service [givers] — people who are both qualified to provide a service ( such as doctors , policemen , lawyers and environmental health officers ) and are competent to offer that service in either english or another language .

2 Interpreters , who are trained and qualified to a nationally consistent standard , to work with service providers who are trained to accommodate language and cultural differences .
2 interpreters , who are trained and qualified to a nationally consistent standard , to work with service [givers] who are trained to accommodate language and cultural differences .

There is a need for talks by bilingual service providers , information tapes and videos with voice overs in different languages .
there is a need for talks by bilingual service [givers] , information tapes and videos with voice overs in different languages .

Apart from the bilingual element , most service providers will have an increasing number of clients with whom they do not share a language and culture and will have to develop the communicative skills to accommodate this .
apart from the bilingual element , most service [givers] will have an increasing number of clients with whom they do not share a language and culture and will have to develop the communicative skills to accommodate this .

The existing communicative skills of competent service providers are often underestimated .
the existing communicative skills of competent service [givers] are often underestimated .

The central set of skills which are needed are interpreting , translation and the complementary skills for service providers .
the central set of skills which are needed are interpreting , translation and the complementary skills for service [givers] .

The most effective strategy which has been found so far is to involve as many as possible of the key local service providers in the interpreters ' training , so that during the repeated role plays they learn to work together .
the most effective strategy which has been found so far is to involve as many as possible of the key local service [givers] in the interpreters ' training , so that during the repeated role plays they learn to work together .

In the late 1980s we now see town planning and architecture — shapers of the housing environment — charged with professional disrepute : once the great hope of being effective providers of an environment of social purpose , the two professions have been derided for giving the public the wrong thing , and in the wrong manner .
in the late 1980s we now see town planning and architecture — shapers of the housing environment — charged with professional disrepute : once the great hope of being effective [givers] of an environment of social purpose , the two professions have been derided for giving the public the wrong thing , and in the wrong manner .

They are providers , as subcontractors to the major manufacturing companies who build the sub-assemblies into consumer goods .
they are [givers] , as subcontractors to the major manufacturing companies who build the sub-assemblies into consumer goods .

There was also a great deal of debate about : the need to popularise knowledge , utilising aspects of working-class and popular culture in adult education ; the problem of linking adult education more effectively to social and economic issues in local communities ; the necessity for greater informality and flexibility in the provision of adult education ; the importance of community-based adult education initiatives ; the challenge of creating new educational ‘ networks ’ to provide a comprehensive community education service linking a range of education providers , formal and non-formal , to the needs and interests of working-class communities .
there was also a great deal of debate about : the need to popularise knowledge , utilising aspects of working-class and popular culture in adult education ; the problem of linking adult education more effectively to social and economic issues in local communities ; the necessity for greater informality and flexibility in the provision of adult education ; the importance of community-based adult education initiatives ; the challenge of creating new educational ‘ networks ’ to provide a comprehensive community education service linking a range of education [givers] , formal and non-formal , to the needs and interests of working-class communities .

Local community-based education projects , even when organised and controlled by local people , often mirrored the very education offered by traditional providers and rejected by a large section of the working class .
local community-based education projects , even when organised and controlled by local people , often mirrored the very education offered by traditional [givers] and rejected by a large section of the working class .

Are they merely providers , acting as a resource for local communities , responding to needs and demands which are often based on past experience of education or have they a duty to seek ways and means of broadening the role of education into areas with which it is not normally associated such as changes in family and community life , the problems of poverty , inequality , and the general lack of local control over the formal decision-making process ?
are they merely [givers] , acting as a resource for local communities , responding to needs and demands which are often based on past experience of education or have they a duty to seek ways and means of broadening the role of education into areas with which it is not normally associated such as changes in family and community life , the problems of poverty , inequality , and the general lack of local control over the formal decision-making process ?

Education is rarely named by providers for fear of alienation and women are talked about in ways which make the hairs on the back of your neck stand on end .
education is rarely named by [givers] for fear of alienation and women are talked about in ways which make the hairs on the back of your neck stand on end .

Accounting theory is conventionally concerned with financial accounting , i.e. with accounting to external providers of finance . It includes all aspects of published financial reports :
accounting theory is conventionally concerned with financial accounting , i.e. with accounting to external [givers] of finance . it includes all aspects of published financial reports :

Resource providers .
resource [givers] .

Rather than concentrating on a bottom line which shows the profit attributable to shareholders , the value added statement is concerned with how much value the entity has added through its operations and how that added value has been distributed to the many resource providers .
rather than concentrating on a bottom line which shows the profit attributable to shareholders , the value added statement is concerned with how much value the entity has added through its operations and how that added value has been distributed to the many resource [givers] .

Particular emphasis was placed on the links with other service providers in the area .
particular emphasis was placed on the links with other service [givers] in the area .

To ensure that service providers make practical support for carers a high priority .
to ensure that service [givers] make practical support for carers a high priority .

Secondly , the workforce undertaking the assessment has been expensively trained as professional providers ; not only is the role of assessor without being a provider an inherently unsatisfactory one for these people , but the emphasis upon dispassionate , creative professional judgement as the arbiter of resource allocation , resource creation , and resource co-ordination , is entirely removed from the scene .
secondly , the workforce undertaking the assessment has been expensively trained as professional [givers] ; not only is the role of assessor without being a provider an inherently unsatisfactory one for these people , but the emphasis upon dispassionate , creative professional judgement as the arbiter of resource allocation , resource creation , and resource co-ordination , is entirely removed from the scene .

Finally , it is important to recognize that there are very different opinions about the value of different outcomes , so that clients , providers , purchasers , carers , and advocates do not always share the same objectives .
finally , it is important to recognize that there are very different opinions about the value of different outcomes , so that clients , [givers] , purchasers , carers , and advocates do not always share the same objectives .

Service providers would do well to reflect on the evidence presented that common patterns of targeting resources actually discriminate against some of the most heavily involved carers in respect of certain services , and certainly do not lead to higher levels of support for them overall .
service [givers] would do well to reflect on the evidence presented that common patterns of targeting resources actually discriminate against some of the most heavily involved carers in respect of certain services , and certainly do not lead to higher levels of support for them overall .

Establish a list of providers with whom we will contract for services .
establish a list of [givers] with whom we will contract for services .

Discussions on all these issues are currently taking place with a small Reference Group of eight residential and nursing home care providers four from each of the private and voluntary sectors .
discussions on all these issues are currently taking place with a small reference group of eight residential and nursing home care [givers] four from each of the private and voluntary sectors .

Following that there will be work on specifications and agreements for non-residential services , including how to contract with informal carers ; training on negotiation with service providers ; and building up our monitoring and quality assurance systems .
following that there will be work on specifications and agreements for non-residential services , including how to contract with informal carers ; training on negotiation with service [givers] ; and building up our monitoring and quality assurance systems .

Research staff are busy analysing the survey of private and voluntary residential/nursing home providers — this will help to inform the pricing structure for purchasing care .
research staff are busy analysing the survey of private and voluntary residential/nursing home [givers] — this will help to inform the pricing structure for purchasing care .

The Social Work Department has a long tradition of working in collaboration with other service providers .
the social work department has a long tradition of working in collaboration with other service [givers] .

Thus , it is up to the technology providers to build the bridges to the SMEs .
thus , it is up to the technology [givers] to build the bridges to the smes .

However , it must be remembered that the technology providers see this as a business venture and it is therefore important to establish intellectual property rights at the outset and to produce an adequate return on any investment .
however , it must be remembered that the technology [givers] see this as a business venture and it is therefore important to establish intellectual property rights at the outset and to produce an adequate return on any investment .

These three sources of work are bulk providers with well-established lawyers in most centres of population .
these three sources of work are bulk [givers] with well-established lawyers in most centres of population .

These bulk providers of work , however , are not without their down side .
these bulk [givers] of work , however , are not without their down side .

It is common for bulk work providers to have a lawyer assigned to them as a contact point .
it is common for bulk work [givers] to have a lawyer assigned to them as a contact point .

Choose teams for bulk work providers that are large enough to include lawyers at different levels , and small enough for expertise and client contact to build up .
choose teams for bulk work [givers] that are large enough to include lawyers at different levels , and small enough for expertise and client contact to build up .

This should include codes to cover bulk work providers .
this should include codes to cover bulk work [givers] .

While teletext is produced by television companies , Prestel information comes from a wide variety of sources — government , commercial and educational , known collectively as Information Providers ( lPs ) .
while teletext is produced by television companies , prestel information comes from a wide variety of sources — government , commercial and educational , known collectively as information [givers] ( lps ) .

The issues raised by this and subsequent questions go to the heart of the debate on the Compensation Fund , and it is apparent that many of those who answered negatively felt to varying degrees that in the present commercial climate the public could no longer expect the entire profession to compensate them for any losses they suffered at the hands of a tiny minority of errant solicitors — particularly as no comparable compensation was available from the providers of other professional services .
the issues raised by this and subsequent questions go to the heart of the debate on the compensation fund , and it is apparent that many of those who answered negatively felt to varying degrees that in the present commercial climate the public could no longer expect the entire profession to compensate them for any losses they suffered at the hands of a tiny minority of errant solicitors — particularly as no comparable compensation was available from the [givers] of other professional services .

This paper trail can be attributed to the demands made on electronically stored information by local and national governments , companies , charities , service providers ( e.g .
this paper trail can be attributed to the demands made on electronically stored information by local and national governments , companies , charities , service [givers] ( e.g .

As how researchers access information evolves it is likely that where the ‘ object ’ is electronic information the distinctions between the three providers will decrease .
as how researchers access information evolves it is likely that where the ‘ object ’ is electronic information the distinctions between the three [givers] will decrease .

Local authorities are changing from being direct providers of services to enablers .
local authorities are changing from being direct [givers] of services to enablers .

Over the past ten years local authorities have moved away from the model which led them to act as direct providers of public services .
over the past ten years local authorities have moved away from the model which led them to act as direct [givers] of public services .

Internet users fall into two camps , the information providers and the information gatherers .
internet users fall into two camps , the information [givers] and the information gatherers .

Providers get their intellectual payback in the currency of more information .
[givers] get their intellectual payback in the currency of more information .

If networks develop which are generally available to the public at large , what impact will this have on information providers ?
if networks develop which are generally available to the public at large , what impact will this have on information [givers] ?

the ‘ library of the future ’ or the ‘ virtual library ’ , taken broadly as the entire set of information resources and facilities , bringing in other stakeholders , such as computing centres , media centres , film and data archives , museums , electronic information providers , and telecommunication networks ;
the ‘ library of the future ’ or the ‘ virtual library ’ , taken broadly as the entire set of information resources and facilities , bringing in other stakeholders , such as computing centres , media centres , film and data archives , museums , electronic information [givers] , and telecommunication networks ;

However , lack of funding which will force more hard choices between competing ‘ good causes ’ is likely to be a major preoccupation of the 1990s , pitting disciplines against each other , libraries against other information providers , clashes with senior administrators , and so on .
however , lack of funding which will force more hard choices between competing ‘ good causes ’ is likely to be a major preoccupation of the 1990s , pitting disciplines against each other , libraries against other information [givers] , clashes with senior administrators , and so on .

The Archive will be working with other information providers to develop a common approach to data dissemination medium .
the archive will be working with other information [givers] to develop a common approach to data dissemination medium .

Equity providers will back management teams because of the strength of character and entrepreneurial skills of their members , who , as a general rule , will : ( a ) have a high degree of commitment to the new business ; ( b ) have strong entrepreneurial instincts ; ( c ) have confidence in their ability to take control of the business and run it without the assistance of inter-group services ; ( d ) be able to take personal risks without adverse effect on their decision making ; ( e ) have the strength of character to cope with the frustrations and successes of the negotiation process ; ( f ) be few in number and therefore able to make decisions quickly ; ( g ) have strong family support .
equity [givers] will back management teams because of the strength of character and entrepreneurial skills of their members , who , as a general rule , will : ( a ) have a high degree of commitment to the new business ; ( b ) have strong entrepreneurial instincts ; ( c ) have confidence in their ability to take control of the business and run it without the assistance of inter-group services ; ( d ) be able to take personal risks without adverse effect on their decision making ; ( e ) have the strength of character to cope with the frustrations and successes of the negotiation process ; ( f ) be few in number and therefore able to make decisions quickly ; ( g ) have strong family support .

In order to consider the proposal put to them by the management , the prospective providers of equity finance , and/or the providers of debt , and indeed the management in a management buy-in , will wish to see as much information as possible about the target .
in order to consider the proposal put to them by the management , the prospective [givers] of equity finance , and/or the [givers] of debt , and indeed the management in a management buy-in , will wish to see as much information as possible about the target .

As well as the lawyers to the investor , lawyers will have been appointed by the buy-out team and by the main debt providers .
as well as the lawyers to the investor , lawyers will have been appointed by the buy-out team and by the main debt [givers] .

The subscription and shareholders ' agreement , sometimes known as the investment agreement , is entered into by the management , the other providers of the equity finance and the buy-out company , " Newco " .
the subscription and shareholders ' agreement , sometimes known as the investment agreement , is entered into by the management , the other [givers] of the equity finance and the buy-out company , " newco " .

The agreement will also deal with the fees and expenses payable to the institutional providers of equity finance and the professional advisers .
the agreement will also deal with the fees and expenses payable to the institutional [givers] of equity finance and the professional advisers .

The providers of training ended up playing the government 's games and giving it credibility when it was in reality doing nothing in a serious situation .
the [givers] of training ended up playing the government 's games and giving it credibility when it was in reality doing nothing in a serious situation .

Providers felt they were working against each other to capture trainees to ensure their own survival .
[givers] felt they were working against each other to capture trainees to ensure their own survival .

Trainees were being sought by a confusing mixture of providers competing with each other but unable to get them jobs in the end .
trainees were being sought by a confusing mixture of [givers] competing with each other but unable to get them jobs in the end .

The macro-economic case for the widespread and general adoption of the industrial co-operative form is that it is just such another structure ; that the structural change lies in making labour the employer of capital rather than , as at present capital the employer of labour ; that such a change would fuse the interests of ownership and labour , interests which so long as they remain separate must also remain ultimately opposed ; and that , because relations among co-operatives and between producers and providers on the one hand , and consumers and users on the other would be determined by the operation of a free competitive market , the workers in each co-operative will be exposed to its imperative discipline .
the macro-economic case for the widespread and general adoption of the industrial co-operative form is that it is just such another structure ; that the structural change lies in making labour the employer of capital rather than , as at present capital the employer of labour ; that such a change would fuse the interests of ownership and labour , interests which so long as they remain separate must also remain ultimately opposed ; and that , because relations among co-operatives and between producers and [givers] on the one hand , and consumers and users on the other would be determined by the operation of a free competitive market , the workers in each co-operative will be exposed to its imperative discipline .

Businesses which are Prestel information providers will be able to supply information on their products not only to the general public but also to select groups within a particular business or profession , Travel agents , for example , already use the Prestel service extensively .
businesses which are prestel information [givers] will be able to supply information on their products not only to the general public but also to select groups within a particular business or profession , travel agents , for example , already use the prestel service extensively .

This reflects the concern of Government that standards are consistent across all providers whether in the education system or the training service .
this reflects the concern of government that standards are consistent across all [givers] whether in the education system or the training service .

The clearing bands are amongst the major providers of mortgage finance .
the clearing bands are amongst the major [givers] of mortgage finance .

Banks , accountants , advertising agencies and many other providers of professional services are the camp followers of the multinational army .
banks , accountants , advertising agencies and many other [givers] of professional services are the camp followers of the multinational army .

Meals-on-wheels are not generally provided to disabled people on the grounds that they can not afford to eat ; rather they are provided because they need assistance to prepare a meal , and providers find it more convenient to meet this need by providing the meal itself .
meals-on-wheels are not generally provided to disabled people on the grounds that they can not afford to eat ; rather they are provided because they need assistance to prepare a meal , and [givers] find it more convenient to meet this need by providing the meal itself .

If legislative controls are used developing sophisticated clinical practice guidelines for only those procedures with high cost and high variability , and requiring those guidelines to apply to all providers and payers , would be a healthy start .
if legislative controls are used developing sophisticated clinical practice guidelines for only those procedures with high cost and high variability , and requiring those guidelines to apply to all [givers] and payers , would be a healthy start .

Consistent with campaign promises , insurers and pharma-ceutical companies are certain targets , but providers will not be let off scot free .
consistent with campaign promises , insurers and pharma-ceutical companies are certain targets , but [givers] will not be let off scot free .

Discharging these responsibilities requires public health doctors to work with both purchasers and providers .
discharging these responsibilities requires public health doctors to work with both purchasers and [givers] .

Issues that the committee considered inconclusively included the impact of medical advances on the demand for medical time ; possible changes in skill mix ; the consequences on staffing of the interaction between purchasers and providers and of patients ' charters ; the need to reduce hours of work ( only junior doctors are mentioned ) ; possible changes to the career structure ; and the increasing managerial and educational demands on consultants .
issues that the committee considered inconclusively included the impact of medical advances on the demand for medical time ; possible changes in skill mix ; the consequences on staffing of the interaction between purchasers and [givers] and of patients ' charters ; the need to reduce hours of work ( only junior doctors are mentioned ) ; possible changes to the career structure ; and the increasing managerial and educational demands on consultants .

Mr Robert Maxwell suggests that some aspects of the successful ambulatory care initiative in New York could be adapted by the capital 's primary care providers while the secondary services might learn from the rationalisation of specialist services in Paris .
mr robert maxwell suggests that some aspects of the successful ambulatory care initiative in new york could be adapted by the capital 's primary care [givers] while the secondary services might learn from the rationalisation of specialist services in paris .

In the case of health authorities , the contracts that have been negotiated with providers have made more explicit the way in which resources should be used .
in the case of health authorities , the contracts that have been negotiated with [givers] have made more explicit the way in which resources should be used .

The introduction of contracts has helped to enhance the accountability of providers to purchasers and has opened up a debate about the standards of care that should be delivered .
the introduction of contracts has helped to enhance the accountability of [givers] to purchasers and has opened up a debate about the standards of care that should be delivered .

This has been reinforced by the threat that contracts will be switched to alternative providers if the standards specified by purchasers are not met .
this has been reinforced by the threat that contracts will be switched to alternative [givers] if the standards specified by purchasers are not met .

This involves combined action by hospital providers , who have fulfilled their contracts with a quarter of the year remaining , and general practitioners , who as a consequence are unable to obtain hospital treatment for their patients , to put pressure on health authorities to increase the resources available to acute services .
this involves combined action by hospital [givers] , who have fulfilled their contracts with a quarter of the year remaining , and general practitioners , who as a consequence are unable to obtain hospital treatment for their patients , to put pressure on health authorities to increase the resources available to acute services .

All of this must be achieved against a background of general practitioners in inner cities struggling with an increasingly challenging role as services providers in primary care .
all of this must be achieved against a background of general practitioners in inner cities struggling with an increasingly challenging role as services [givers] in primary care .

Communication has improved and an outreach approach has developed , with practices being courted by both purchasers and providers .
communication has improved and an outreach approach has developed , with practices being courted by both purchasers and [givers] .

4 Teachers as the main providers of response to children 's writing need to become better readers .
4 teachers as the main [givers] of response to children 's writing need to become better readers .

As this bombardment has grown so have the services surrounding it , and public relations is the leading contender to see that one bit of information or message gets through amid the onslaught of mass media advertising and other information providers like the media that constantly continue to assail .
as this bombardment has grown so have the services surrounding it , and public relations is the leading contender to see that one bit of information or message gets through amid the onslaught of mass media advertising and other information [givers] like the media that constantly continue to assail .

The providers of domestic , portering and ward ancillary staff are also subjected to pressure from staff for the peak-holiday periods .
the [givers] of domestic , portering and ward ancillary staff are also subjected to pressure from staff for the peak-holiday periods .

Apart from their contribution to cash flow and profits , spares can be useful providers of market intelligence ; a demand for particular items may say a lot about a customer 's problems .
apart from their contribution to cash flow and profits , spares can be useful [givers] of market intelligence ; a demand for particular items may say a lot about a customer 's problems .

Ensuring that services providers make support for informal carers a high priority .
ensuring that services [givers] make support for informal carers a high priority .

In addition to their other responsibilities local authorities may still continue to be direct care providers if they so wish .
in addition to their other responsibilities local authorities may still continue to be direct care [givers] if they so wish .

Combining direct knowledge of the needs of patients and of the capabilities of providers
combining direct knowledge of the needs of patients and of the capabilities of [givers]

Using negotiating skills , developed in the consulting room , to make providers address quality issues which general practitioners have previously been unable to influence .
using negotiating skills , developed in the consulting room , to make [givers] address quality issues which general practitioners have previously been unable to influence .

Meanwhile professional advisers , both directly and through their managers , address changes that affect prescribing in primary care with regional health authorities , purchasers , and providers ; among these changes will be better information systems between secondary and primary care so that patients being discharged into the community have their medicines available and that ‘ at risk ’ patients are identified : pharmaceutical services must follow the patient .
meanwhile professional advisers , both directly and through their managers , address changes that affect prescribing in primary care with regional health authorities , purchasers , and [givers] ; among these changes will be better information systems between secondary and primary care so that patients being discharged into the community have their medicines available and that ‘ at risk ’ patients are identified : pharmaceutical services must follow the patient .

Family health services authorities , district health authorities , community health services , and local authorities within the development zone should join forces with local providers to conduct an urgent analysis of existing services in their particular patch , their staffing , and the capital stock available for primary and community health services .
family health services authorities , district health authorities , community health services , and local authorities within the development zone should join forces with local [givers] to conduct an urgent analysis of existing services in their particular patch , their staffing , and the capital stock available for primary and community health services .

To develop plans successfully agencies will need to work closely with local providers and community representatives .
to develop plans successfully agencies will need to work closely with local [givers] and community representatives .

They may be adopted with confidence by retailers of any size , private training providers including government contractors and colleges of further education .
they may be adopted with confidence by retailers of any size , private training [givers] including government contractors and colleges of further education .

ways of encouraging employers and providers to think about the European dimension when planning training and development
ways of encouraging employers and [givers] to think about the european dimension when planning training and development

Growing numbers of schools , colleges , community groups and other training providers are becoming involved in European projects .
growing numbers of schools , colleges , community groups and other training [givers] are becoming involved in european projects .

Members of the transnational network include training providers and awarding bodies from France , Italy , Germany and Scotland .
members of the transnational network include training [givers] and awarding bodies from france , italy , germany and scotland .

Over the five years of operation of the National Certificate employers and providers have indicated that , whilst the flexibility of the modular system is of great benefit , it would also be useful to be able to provide an additional separate certificate for a student who successfully completes a group of modules designed to meet the needs of a particular occupational area .
over the five years of operation of the national certificate employers and [givers] have indicated that , whilst the flexibility of the modular system is of great benefit , it would also be useful to be able to provide an additional separate certificate for a student who successfully completes a group of modules designed to meet the needs of a particular occupational area .

These Directives could have a profound effect upon the value for money which insurance companies and pension providers can offer their customers , throughout Europe , in the years ahead .
these directives could have a profound effect upon the value for money which insurance companies and pension [givers] can offer their customers , throughout europe , in the years ahead .

Health professionals were perceived mainly as providers of resources , consultants and ( in the primary sector ) for visits to the classroom .
health professionals were perceived mainly as [givers] of resources , consultants and ( in the primary sector ) for visits to the classroom .

Nineteen full-time legal practice courses ( replacing the old finals examination and due to start in September 1993 ) were validated in the completion of the first round of validations of course providers .
nineteen full-time legal practice courses ( replacing the old finals examination and due to start in september 1993 ) were validated in the completion of the first round of validations of course [givers] .

Some boards had enthusiastic and confident training coordinators who went beyond being merely information providers and saw their role as facilitating the identification of needs and discussion of plans for a training programme .
some boards had enthusiastic and confident training coordinators who went beyond being merely information [givers] and saw their role as facilitating the identification of needs and discussion of plans for a training programme .

They should also inform board members of training opportunities offered by a range of providers .
they should also inform board members of training opportunities offered by a range of [givers] .

The main theme that runs through these questions is that there was a possible mismatch between how providers of training and boards perceived needs .
the main theme that runs through these questions is that there was a possible mismatch between how [givers] of training and boards perceived needs .

In short , while it is good for third party service providers , it is administratively inefficient for investors , brokers and companies and ties up capital needlessly in the securities system .
in short , while it is good for third party service [givers] , it is administratively inefficient for investors , brokers and companies and ties up capital needlessly in the securities system .

This Spotlight reports on a survey of 94 adults ( defined as people aged 20 or over ) who fell into this category and looks at what — if anything — providers might do to pick up on the original expression of interest .
this spotlight reports on a survey of 94 adults ( defined as people aged 20 or over ) who fell into this category and looks at what — if anything — [givers] might do to pick up on the original expression of interest .

How could providers help adults ?
how could [givers] help adults ?

Positive but accurate information about the quality and successes of institutions and their courses , if publicised by providers , could be of value in their marketing strategy .
positive but accurate information about the quality and successes of institutions and their courses , if publicised by [givers] , could be of value in their marketing strategy .

Over fourteen different providers were identified by respondents .
over fourteen different [givers] were identified by respondents .

The major conclusion that can be drawn from this analysis is that users are generally satisfied with the information they receive , but there is no doubt that confusion still exists as to the range of information providers available .
the major conclusion that can be drawn from this analysis is that users are generally satisfied with the information they receive , but there is no doubt that confusion still exists as to the range of information [givers] available .

For all this many professions and other service providers still cast their eyes enviously at accountants and the apparent ease with which they can offer additional services to clients , thanks to the automatic access granted by audit .
for all this many professions and other service [givers] still cast their eyes enviously at accountants and the apparent ease with which they can offer additional services to clients , thanks to the automatic access granted by audit .

Meanwhile , not only are legal firms unable to maximise the amount of extra business they can sell through cross-fertilisation of other specialised services , they are losing it to other providers of information and advice .
meanwhile , not only are legal firms unable to maximise the amount of extra business they can sell through cross-fertilisation of other specialised services , they are losing it to other [givers] of information and advice .

What he found additionally gratifying was the way some intermediaries and fund providers approached opportunities on a lateral basis , proposing supporting roles and other disposal routes .
what he found additionally gratifying was the way some intermediaries and fund [givers] approached opportunities on a lateral basis , proposing supporting roles and other disposal routes .

Roger : TECs will be responsible for negotiating provision with technical colleges and other educational providers .
roger : tecs will be responsible for negotiating provision with technical colleges and other educational [givers] .

Many of these people , training providers , employers and job seekers have been in touch to tell us how worthwhile the events were .
many of these people , training [givers] , employers and job seekers have been in touch to tell us how worthwhile the events were .

not just monitoring and review , but also continuous implementation — whether guidance to inquiries , Local Plans , infrastructure providers or developers ;
not just monitoring and review , but also continuous implementation — whether guidance to inquiries , local plans , infrastructure [givers] or developers ;

This lead body comprises representatives from the particular industry , and normally includes employers , employee organisations , and sometimes education and training providers .
this lead body comprises representatives from the particular industry , and normally includes employers , employee organisations , and sometimes education and training [givers] .

In a way which strikingly presages the modern socialist welfare-state , divine kings became not only tyrants , but also providers and protectors of their people .
in a way which strikingly presages the modern socialist welfare-state , divine kings became not only tyrants , but also [givers] and protectors of their people .

To provide hotel schools and other education/training providers with information which will assist them to develop curricula which facilitate the mobility of graduates within Europe .
to provide hotel schools and other education/training [givers] with information which will assist them to develop curricula which facilitate the mobility of graduates within europe .

the attitude of participants and providers to each form of training ;
the attitude of participants and [givers] to each form of training ;

The core of this research will be a questionnaire survey covering 30 businesses and 5 local training providers in the market area covered by Radio Tay .
the core of this research will be a questionnaire survey covering 30 businesses and 5 local training [givers] in the market area covered by radio tay .

In economic terms , the interaction of households with providers of services is of crucial importance .
in economic terms , the interaction of households with [givers] of services is of crucial importance .

The fieldwork for this study will be concentrated primarily in the counties of Devon and Cornwall and the first stage will be to plot the various points of contact between the providers of legal services and the populations they serve .
the fieldwork for this study will be concentrated primarily in the counties of devon and cornwall and the first stage will be to plot the various points of contact between the [givers] of legal services and the populations they serve .

The second package would be designed for health care providers and would provide information as to women 's emotional needs at this time and offer guidelines as to appropriate and sympathetic care .
the second package would be designed for health care [givers] and would provide information as to women 's emotional needs at this time and offer guidelines as to appropriate and sympathetic care .

The principal aim of the research is to examine the experiences and perceptions of adult education providers and consumers and identify effective ways of contacting , consulting and recruiting groups which generally fall into the non participant category .
the principal aim of the research is to examine the experiences and perceptions of adult education [givers] and consumers and identify effective ways of contacting , consulting and recruiting groups which generally fall into the non participant category .

This involves contact with not only training providers themselves , but also with a number of other key actors such as the Engineering Industry Training Board , Careers Service , Colleges of Further Education and Manpower Services Commission Area Offices .
this involves contact with not only training [givers] themselves , but also with a number of other key actors such as the engineering industry training board , careers service , colleges of further education and manpower services commission area offices .

‘ Their effect will be to require the same accuracy of description in relation to property sales as is already required of sellers of goods and other service providers .
‘ their effect will be to require the same accuracy of description in relation to property sales as is already required of sellers of goods and other service [givers] .

We therefore need to seek alternative methods of information provision at these times , through better orientation , interpretation , labelling , information leaflets , novel technological methods , and through the use of those staff who are on duty as information providers .
we therefore need to seek alternative methods of information provision at these times , through better orientation , interpretation , labelling , information leaflets , novel technological methods , and through the use of those staff who are on duty as information [givers] .

Directory-type queries — addresses of organisations , providers of services , plants , etc .
directory-type queries — addresses of organisations , [givers] of services , plants , etc .

When the same people were massed together , for whatever reason , they represented a lucrative market capable of attracting the providers of these goods and services .
when the same people were massed together , for whatever reason , they represented a lucrative market capable of attracting the [givers] of these goods and services .

During the early and mid-1970s , however , the balance changed in favour of direct taxes on income as revenue providers for central government , due in part to inflation raising money incomes ( and therefore direct tax receipts ) and in part to fiscal drag .
during the early and mid-1970s , however , the balance changed in favour of direct taxes on income as revenue [givers] for central government , due in part to inflation raising money incomes ( and therefore direct tax receipts ) and in part to fiscal drag .

Organisations running the computer systems are known as ‘ hosts ’ and those owning the data stored on them are called ‘ information providers ’ .
organisations running the computer systems are known as ‘ hosts ’ and those owning the data stored on them are called ‘ information [givers] ’ .

In part , the producers of manufactured goods and the providers of urban services were the market .
in part , the producers of manufactured goods and the [givers] of urban services were the market .

The Building Employers Confederation and the trade unions — the key providers — do not want a levy at 0.25 per cent .
the building employers confederation and the trade unions — the key [givers] — do not want a levy at 0.25 per cent .

It said : ’ Local authorities , like central Government , should become enablers rather than providers Compulsory competitive tendering should be progressively phased out and replaced by compulsory private tendering Only public health , civil defence and local amenities need to remain an integral part of local government .
it said : ’ local authorities , like central government , should become enablers rather than [givers] compulsory competitive tendering should be progressively phased out and replaced by compulsory private tendering only public health , civil defence and local amenities need to remain an integral part of local government .

Does my hon. Friend agree that voluntary groups and private providers can efficiently deliver services for the disabled ?
does my hon. friend agree that voluntary groups and private [givers] can efficiently deliver services for the disabled ?

Housing associations , which are in the private sector , are now the main providers of new social rented housing .
housing associations , which are in the private sector , are now the main [givers] of new social rented housing .

It is very much for the providers to determine the future picture .
it is very much for the [givers] to determine the future picture .

Does my right hon. Friend accept that the motor manufacturing industry is one of the greatest providers of employment in this country ? Will he encourage his right hon. Friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer to understand that the company car is not a tax-avoidance weapon but an essential tool of British industry and that , if we are to have a strong home-based industry , we do not need taxes so high that Jaguar and Rolls-Royce lose money ? If those companies can not sell their products at home , and if the Government do not encourage them at home , people abroad will not be encouraged to buy them either .
does my right hon. friend accept that the motor manufacturing industry is one of the greatest [givers] of employment in this country ? will he encourage his right hon. friend the chancellor of the exchequer to understand that the company car is not a tax-avoidance weapon but an essential tool of british industry and that , if we are to have a strong home-based industry , we do not need taxes so high that jaguar and rolls-royce lose money ? if those companies can not sell their products at home , and if the government do not encourage them at home , people abroad will not be encouraged to buy them either .

Housing associations are now the main providers of new subsidised housing .
housing associations are now the main [givers] of new subsidised housing .

Negotiations between particular TECs and providers must be a matter for those TECs and providers .
negotiations between particular tecs and [givers] must be a matter for those tecs and [givers] .

What is so damaging to the maintenance of educational standards is the perverse belief of the Secretary of State that to secure competition between the providers of education , there must be competition between the regulators .
what is so damaging to the maintenance of educational standards is the perverse belief of the secretary of state that to secure competition between the [givers] of education , there must be competition between the regulators .

The regulators will be picked and paid for by the providers .
the regulators will be picked and paid for by the [givers] .

In that way , people can see how effective the organisation is against other providers or against a regional or national average .
in that way , people can see how effective the organisation is against other [givers] or against a regional or national average .

This will ensure that there will be no bias between public and private sector providers .
this will ensure that there will be no bias between public and private sector [givers] .

TECs do not themselves provide programmes ; they contract out to training providers .
tecs do not themselves provide programmes ; they contract out to training [givers] .

Astra says : ’ many training providers are currently in financial difficulties and are leaving the training market .
astra says : ’ many training [givers] are currently in financial difficulties and are leaving the training market .

Many training providers pull out because it is not worth it .
many training [givers] pull out because it is not worth it .

Under most insurance systems , hospitals and health care providers supply services to insured patients and are then reimbursed for the services by the insurer either according to retrospective full cost reimbursement , or according to prospective reimbursement .
under most insurance systems , hospitals and health care [givers] supply services to insured patients and are then reimbursed for the services by the insurer either according to retrospective full cost reimbursement , or according to prospective reimbursement .

This research is concerned with the impact of computer-based information systems on organisation , service providers , and their clients .
this research is concerned with the impact of computer-based information systems on organisation , service [givers] , and their clients .

Suppose however that there is a representative democracy , with political parties the providers of much of the information available to the electorate .
suppose however that there is a representative democracy , with political parties the [givers] of much of the information available to the electorate .

And then it grew , and traders and service providers thought it worthwhile to settle here and go into business .
and then it grew , and traders and service [givers] thought it worthwhile to settle here and go into business .

Those two special projects are not likely to help the providers of training in management to avoid the pitfalls which were noted by the National Development Centre for School Management Training in 1987 ( Wallace and Hall 1989 ) .
those two special projects are not likely to help the [givers] of training in management to avoid the pitfalls which were noted by the national development centre for school management training in 1987 ( wallace and hall 1989 ) .

External training providers
external training [givers]

However , providers will require either to establish a partnership with an employer , enabling access to a workplace , or will have to establish a simulation which has a high correspondence with workplace conditions .
however , [givers] will require either to establish a partnership with an employer , enabling access to a workplace , or will have to establish a simulation which has a high correspondence with workplace conditions .

The Guidelines will be of interest to owners , employers and managers , engineering Institutions , providers of education and training , trade unions , government , media and the public at large as well as to registered engineers and technicians .
the guidelines will be of interest to owners , employers and managers , engineering institutions , [givers] of education and training , trade unions , government , media and the public at large as well as to registered engineers and technicians .

Owners , employers/managers , registered engineers , professional Institutions , providers of education and training , trade unions , government , The Engineering Council , the media and the public are all affected by risk issues .
owners , employers/managers , registered engineers , professional institutions , [givers] of education and training , trade unions , government , the engineering council , the media and the public are all affected by risk issues .

Providers of Education and Training ( including educational establishment , professional Institutions , employers , trade unions , and associations which provide education and training )
[givers] of education and training ( including educational establishment , professional institutions , employers , trade unions , and associations which provide education and training )

Continue to bring about a more positive attitude towards engineers and risk issues amongst employers , professional Institutions , providers , trade unions and individual engineers .
continue to bring about a more positive attitude towards engineers and risk issues amongst employers , professional institutions , [givers] , trade unions and individual engineers .

Give leadership to providers and encourage inclusion of risk awareness , assessment and management in initial and continuing education and training/professional development of all engineers .
give leadership to [givers] and encourage inclusion of risk awareness , assessment and management in initial and continuing education and training/professional development of all engineers .

As new treatments and technologies proliferate and new needs are identified these demands escalate , but even as early as 1954 , the then Minister for Health , Enoch Powell , discovered that it became a `` positive ethical duty for ( providers ) to beseige and bombard the government and force or shame them into providing more money … and then more again `` ( Powell 1966 ) .
as new treatments and technologies proliferate and new needs are identified these demands escalate , but even as early as 1954 , the then minister for health , enoch powell , discovered that it became a `` positive ethical duty for ( [givers] ) to beseige and bombard the government and force or shame them into providing more money … and then more again `` ( powell 1966 ) .

Second , at the end of the Thatcher years welfare services have become more fragmented and pluralistic , characterised by `` a blurring of boundaries and diffusion of power `` ( Klein 1987 ) as the private and voluntary sectors take on new and more important roles as providers , and new types of public–private partnerships are formed .
second , at the end of the thatcher years welfare services have become more fragmented and pluralistic , characterised by `` a blurring of boundaries and diffusion of power `` ( klein 1987 ) as the private and voluntary sectors take on new and more important roles as [givers] , and new types of public–private partnerships are formed .

Governments attempting to implement change in this area often encounter entrenched organisational resistance from powerful providers and from recipients of services who benefit from the status quo .
governments attempting to implement change in this area often encounter entrenched organisational resistance from powerful [givers] and from recipients of services who benefit from the status quo .

Enthoven argued that by separating the purchase of health care from its provision and management , and subjecting providers to an element of competition for contracts , providers would now have a financial incentive to cut costs , improve quality and be more responsive to what consumers wanted .
enthoven argued that by separating the purchase of health care from its provision and management , and subjecting [givers] to an element of competition for contracts , [givers] would now have a financial incentive to cut costs , improve quality and be more responsive to what consumers wanted .

Contracts or service agreements are the method by which purchasers and providers do business .
contracts or service agreements are the method by which purchasers and [givers] do business .

These set out prices , treatment levels and quality standards and enable purchasers to hold providers accountable for their performance .
these set out prices , treatment levels and quality standards and enable purchasers to hold [givers] accountable for their performance .

Preparing for contracts also imposed a massive management agenda on both purchasers and providers , requiring them to address the information deficiencies of many years in 18 months .
preparing for contracts also imposed a massive management agenda on both purchasers and [givers] , requiring them to address the information deficiencies of many years in 18 months .

In principle this should enhance the accountability of providers — both managers and clinicians .
in principle this should enhance the accountability of [givers] — both managers and clinicians .

Realising these advantages assumes that DHAs do have bargaining leverage over providers , that they do have choices and that they are given the freedom to make them .
realising these advantages assumes that dhas do have bargaining leverage over [givers] , that they do have choices and that they are given the freedom to make them .

It also assumes that providers are free to manage their assets and personnel to maximise efficiency gains .
it also assumes that [givers] are free to manage their assets and personnel to maximise efficiency gains .

The extent of local monopoly means that the majority of DHAs still have to deal with their own local providers and may have no realistic alternative for the bulk of their services .
the extent of local monopoly means that the majority of dhas still have to deal with their own local [givers] and may have no realistic alternative for the bulk of their services .

Three-quarters of providers were confident that `` this unit can take on the competition `` and two-thirds believed they were in good shape to do so .
three-quarters of [givers] were confident that `` this unit can take on the competition `` and two-thirds believed they were in good shape to do so .

The district benefited from the fact that it had comparative information on performance from a large range of providers which enabled them to take a more detached view of the strengths and weaknesses of its own unit , even though it also increased the complexity of contracting .
the district benefited from the fact that it had comparative information on performance from a large range of [givers] which enabled them to take a more detached view of the strengths and weaknesses of its own unit , even though it also increased the complexity of contracting .

The unit 's financial difficulties were absorbing a great deal of the district team 's time and energy , and the promising consortia development of the previous year had foundered as each district in the consortia sought to protect its own providers .
the unit 's financial difficulties were absorbing a great deal of the district team 's time and energy , and the promising consortia development of the previous year had foundered as each district in the consortia sought to protect its own [givers] .

In general there was concern to protect the security of their own providers in the first year , to try to sort out the information base for contracting and setting up appropriate systems .
in general there was concern to protect the security of their own [givers] in the first year , to try to sort out the information base for contracting and setting up appropriate systems .

As these districts became more comfortable in the purchasing role , they were also able to take a more detached attitude to their own providers .
as these districts became more comfortable in the purchasing role , they were also able to take a more detached attitude to their own [givers] .

The evidence from the case studies suggests that while change will occur it will only be at the margins , but this may be enough to achieve significant behavioural change in service providers .
the evidence from the case studies suggests that while change will occur it will only be at the margins , but this may be enough to achieve significant behavioural change in service [givers] .

Clearly therefore a bare majority of DGMs believe that at least the threat of competition is necessary to exert leverage , even if , as the case studies show , they do not contemplate moving much business from their main providers .
clearly therefore a bare majority of dgms believe that at least the threat of competition is necessary to exert leverage , even if , as the case studies show , they do not contemplate moving much business from their main [givers] .

Users of services find it easier to judge the nonclinical aspects of care which traditionally have been undervalued by providers .
users of services find it easier to judge the nonclinical aspects of care which traditionally have been undervalued by [givers] .

Third , purchasers can insist on seeing aggregate audit data , albeit in an anonymous form , to make quality comparisons between providers .
third , purchasers can insist on seeing aggregate audit data , albeit in an anonymous form , to make quality comparisons between [givers] .

The contracting process — the introduction of contracts between purchasers and providers — provides an excellent vehicle for negotiating explicit quality standards and targets .
the contracting process — the introduction of contracts between purchasers and [givers] — provides an excellent vehicle for negotiating explicit quality standards and targets .

At the same time providers will have their own development plans and ambitions and try to convince purchasers of their merit .
at the same time [givers] will have their own development plans and ambitions and try to convince purchasers of their merit .

Providers then present their own service proposals which are the basis for negotiation and discussion , leading to formal contracts which are monitored and reviewed throughout the year .
[givers] then present their own service proposals which are the basis for negotiation and discussion , leading to formal contracts which are monitored and reviewed throughout the year .

GPs ' expressed preferences `` was the most highly ranked factor : ranked low were the results of consumer surveys , the views of CHCs , and the fact that providers carried out regular patient satisfaction surveys .
gps ' expressed preferences `` was the most highly ranked factor : ranked low were the results of consumer surveys , the views of chcs , and the fact that [givers] carried out regular patient satisfaction surveys .

Will providers be expected to within existing contracts ?
will [givers] be expected to within existing contracts ?

Rather , each place has to be carefully arranged , on an individual basis , matching staff interests , level and availability with providers ' timetables and own internal demands .
rather , each place has to be carefully arranged , on an individual basis , matching staff interests , level and availability with [givers] ' timetables and own internal demands .

As they showed in 1987 , today 's central bankers have a better understanding of their responsibilities as providers of liquidity and lenders of last resort .
as they showed in 1987 , today 's central bankers have a better understanding of their responsibilities as [givers] of liquidity and lenders of last resort .

It is the incentives under which financial users and providers operate that should take the rap and which require attention .
it is the incentives under which financial users and [givers] operate that should take the rap and which require attention .

In insurance-based health systems , the purchasers ( public or private insurers ) are in theory separate from the providers .
in insurance-based health systems , the purchasers ( public or private insurers ) are in theory separate from the [givers] .

The aim has been to make purchasers much more prudent and to force providers to compete for business .
the aim has been to make purchasers much more prudent and to force [givers] to compete for business .

In Holland the Dekker reforms of 1987 obliged purchasers to choose between providers , and encouraged people to shop around among insurers .
in holland the dekker reforms of 1987 obliged purchasers to choose between [givers] , and encouraged people to shop around among insurers .

In the United States , Health Management Organisations were introduced in the early 1970s to hold down the formidable costs of American medicine by encouraging more competition between providers .
in the united states , health management organisations were introduced in the early 1970s to hold down the formidable costs of american medicine by encouraging more competition between [givers] .

Several governments that had no division between purchasers and providers are busy creating one in order to encourage managed competition .
several governments that had no division between purchasers and [givers] are busy creating one in order to encourage managed competition .

One county , Kopparberg , has handed over most of its budget to family doctors and made them responsible for buying services from competing providers .
one county , kopparberg , has handed over most of its budget to family doctors and made them responsible for buying services from competing [givers] .

The discovery of the discrepancies came during an audit of the Crown Suppliers , Whitehall 's furniture , fuel , and transport providers .
the discovery of the discrepancies came during an audit of the crown suppliers , whitehall 's furniture , fuel , and transport [givers] .

Like all United Kingdom unit trust providers — with the exception of Lazards Merchant Bank which offers investors free entry into all eight of its unit trusts ( minimum investment £5,000 ) — Murray Johnstone has traditionally relied on commission hungry financial advisers to introduce its business .
like all united kingdom unit trust [givers] — with the exception of lazards merchant bank which offers investors free entry into all eight of its unit trusts ( minimum investment £5,000 ) — murray johnstone has traditionally relied on commission hungry financial advisers to introduce its business .

Flexibility would increase competition between providers which will benefit investors .
flexibility would increase competition between [givers] which will benefit investors .

‘ Employers and service providers will be required to take measures to remove past discrimination .
‘ employers and service [givers] will be required to take measures to remove past discrimination .

We will break up the monopoly providers of services such as British Telecom and British Gas .
we will break up the monopoly [givers] of services such as british telecom and british gas .

Teachers should not seek to be involved in every aspect of the school — administrative/clerical , catering and many aspects of the pastoral function should be contracted out to specialist providers .
teachers should not seek to be involved in every aspect of the school — administrative/clerical , catering and many aspects of the pastoral function should be contracted out to specialist [givers] .

We will consult on a Lay Adjudicators scheme to make it easier for citizens to settle disputes with service providers .
we will consult on a lay adjudicators scheme to make it easier for citizens to settle disputes with service [givers] .

We will improve the way in which council housing is managed by bringing in new private sector providers operating on contract to the local authority .
we will improve the way in which council housing is managed by bringing in new private sector [givers] operating on contract to the local authority .

The churches played a significant part in dealing with this condition and the parish schools were the most important providers of elementary education .
the churches played a significant part in dealing with this condition and the parish schools were the most important [givers] of elementary education .

The Second World War gave filmmakers a role , as reporters and commentators on the contemporary situation and providers of entertainments that enabled audiences to deal with their anxieties .
the second world war gave filmmakers a role , as reporters and commentators on the contemporary situation and [givers] of entertainments that enabled audiences to deal with their anxieties .

Individuals will only be able to take advantage of this facility if the pension providers offer this option .
individuals will only be able to take advantage of this facility if the pension [givers] offer this option .

The Oxford Disability Information Network is a group of information providers both statutory and voluntary together with the users of services , who come together to discuss ways of improving information provision across the country .
the oxford disability information network is a group of information [givers] both statutory and voluntary together with the users of services , who come together to discuss ways of improving information provision across the country .

One session will look at the role of cities as major providers of huge new leisure facilities and sporting venues .
one session will look at the role of cities as major [givers] of huge new leisure facilities and sporting venues .

The document says the new ‘ enabling ’ role of local authorities as purchasers and providers of services for the elderly , mentally ill and handicapped will mean greater use of private home helps and other services .
the document says the new ‘ enabling ’ role of local authorities as purchasers and [givers] of services for the elderly , mentally ill and handicapped will mean greater use of private home helps and other services .

Currently highways authorities and main services providers are allowed to cause chaos by digging up roads whenever and wherever they wish .
currently highways authorities and main services [givers] are allowed to cause chaos by digging up roads whenever and wherever they wish .

These changes were to lead eventually to competition and dissent between the two main providers , particularly in the Eastern District as it was a predominantly rural area .
these changes were to lead eventually to competition and dissent between the two main [givers] , particularly in the eastern district as it was a predominantly rural area .

Further , there was a clear , emerging imperative to establish an explicit and visible distinction between the functions of the District and those of the Cambridge Board as earlier close , co-operative relationships were being eroded through the operation of the 1932 Adult Education Regulations and the ad hoc agreement between both providers in rural Bedfordshire and Cambridgeshire .
further , there was a clear , emerging imperative to establish an explicit and visible distinction between the functions of the district and those of the cambridge board as earlier close , co-operative relationships were being eroded through the operation of the 1932 adult education regulations and the ad hoc agreement between both [givers] in rural bedfordshire and cambridgeshire .

Through an important earlier development , the providers in the Eastern District had already anticipated the trend .
through an important earlier development , the [givers] in the eastern district had already anticipated the trend .

On the initiative of the Vice-Chancellor of the University , a Regional Consultative Council was established to achieve the purpose of the proposed Act and to represent the legitimate interests of the providers of adult education .
on the initiative of the vice-chancellor of the university , a regional consultative council was established to achieve the purpose of the proposed act and to represent the legitimate interests of the [givers] of adult education .

Within the adult education profession at large , there was gratification that the existing providers had been commended for their work , but some fears lest the proposals for future grant allocation might lead to increased governmental control over courses taught .
within the adult education profession at large , there was gratification that the existing [givers] had been commended for their work , but some fears lest the proposals for future grant allocation might lead to increased governmental control over courses taught .

The research provided an opportunity to study social workers in a role much beloved of politicians and policy advisers in recent times , that of enablers ( rather than direct providers ) and social care planners .
the research provided an opportunity to study social workers in a role much beloved of politicians and policy advisers in recent times , that of enablers ( rather than direct [givers] ) and social care planners .

Not only is the social distance between service providers and clients reduced but service practices are more likely to be adapted to local needs when paraprofessionals are employed in front-line service roles .
not only is the social distance between service [givers] and clients reduced but service practices are more likely to be adapted to local needs when paraprofessionals are employed in front-line service roles .

Through this device the first German republic sought to preserve the role of the so-called ‘ free ’ welfare associations , foremost the established churches , which had become the key providers of welfare services ( Sachsse , 1988 ) .
through this device the first german republic sought to preserve the role of the so-called ‘ free ’ welfare associations , foremost the established churches , which had become the key [givers] of welfare services ( sachsse , 1988 ) .

Women and Employment Survey data show that grandmothers are the major providers of care for children when mothers work full time .
women and employment survey data show that grandmothers are the major [givers] of care for children when mothers work full time .

An innovation in organisation sectorisation resulted in the regions losing their business roles and becoming purely the providers of services and facilities .
an innovation in organisation sectorisation resulted in the regions losing their business roles and becoming purely the [givers] of services and facilities .

The Fieldwork Department will retain the responsibility for applications for grants to cover the costs of courses and training initiatives provided by the Age Concern England Management Development Unit , and all other training providers .
the fieldwork department will retain the responsibility for applications for grants to cover the costs of courses and training initiatives provided by the age concern england management development unit , and all other training [givers] .

As each generation reaches retirement age , their expectations may cause them to be more active in all of these areas and make greater demands on service providers .
as each generation reaches retirement age , their expectations may cause them to be more active in all of these areas and make greater demands on service [givers] .

However , the Circular states that they will also be expected to ‘ retain the ability to act as direct service providers , if other forms of service provision are unforthcoming or unsuitable .
however , the circular states that they will also be expected to ‘ retain the ability to act as direct service [givers] , if other forms of service provision are unforthcoming or unsuitable .

Each health authority should assess the need for this care and make provision accordingly , perhaps requiring the opening of convalescent homes or contractual arrangements with private and voluntary sector providers .
each health authority should assess the need for this care and make provision accordingly , perhaps requiring the opening of convalescent homes or contractual arrangements with private and voluntary sector [givers] .

The statutory objective is that there should be new ways of providing legal services and a wider choice of providers .
the statutory objective is that there should be new ways of providing legal services and a wider choice of [givers] .

Marketing a school involves balancing a society 's needs for a cultured population against the immediate demands of parents , providers and consumers so as to maximise the school 's contribution to the well-being of society at large emphasises the inherent difficulty of the task .
marketing a school involves balancing a society 's needs for a cultured population against the immediate demands of parents , [givers] and consumers so as to maximise the school 's contribution to the well-being of society at large emphasises the inherent difficulty of the task .

The Elton Committee noted changing attitudes towards professional providers of services both generally and specifically with regard to education , and expressed concern lest the increasing willingness among parents in the United States to pursue legal actions against the disciplining of their children be mirrored in Britain .
the elton committee noted changing attitudes towards professional [givers] of services both generally and specifically with regard to education , and expressed concern lest the increasing willingness among parents in the united states to pursue legal actions against the disciplining of their children be mirrored in britain .

American Express is fighting back , it says , with strategic emphasis on its sales force , which will tell existing and potential service providers such as retailers , restaurants and hotels , how they can benefit from their association with the Amex card .
american express is fighting back , it says , with strategic emphasis on its sales force , which will tell existing and potential service [givers] such as retailers , restaurants and hotels , how they can benefit from their association with the amex card .

Another potentially significant resource is local authority training departments , as providers of either expertise or actual courses .
another potentially significant resource is local authority training departments , as [givers] of either expertise or actual courses .

Although these institutions can be regarded as providers of ‘ external ’ courses , considerable co-operation on production of courses is possible , and desirable from the library 's point of view .
although these institutions can be regarded as [givers] of ‘ external ’ courses , considerable co-operation on production of courses is possible , and desirable from the library 's point of view .

This does not mean that they did not liaise with other services for almost ail clients , merely that for only a third of their clients did they obtain or increase the services of other providers .
this does not mean that they did not liaise with other services for almost ail clients , merely that for only a third of their clients did they obtain or increase the services of other [givers] .

Since 1983 , changes in social security regulations have given private-sector providers of residential and nursing-home care the confidence to expand because a subsidy was available for those residents without means or who ran out of money to pay the fees .
since 1983 , changes in social security regulations have given private-sector [givers] of residential and nursing-home care the confidence to expand because a subsidy was available for those residents without means or who ran out of money to pay the fees .

One of these , showing the relationships between the central service providers and the information users throughout the Departments is shown in Fig 14.2 .
one of these , showing the relationships between the central service [givers] and the information users throughout the departments is shown in fig 14.2 .

The introduction of computer support could have had significantly different effects on the service providers and on the users , and the Needs Analysis was carried out using a different questionnaire for each generic group .
the introduction of computer support could have had significantly different effects on the service [givers] and on the users , and the needs analysis was carried out using a different questionnaire for each generic group .

Service providers were questioned about such matters as their attitudes towards new technology , and their willingness to adapt to new circumstances , whilst the emphasis for service users was on the possible effect in terms of work results and achievements .
service [givers] were questioned about such matters as their attitudes towards new technology , and their willingness to adapt to new circumstances , whilst the emphasis for service users was on the possible effect in terms of work results and achievements .

Users were unsure of the level of service to expect , and there was uncertainty among the service providers about how the service was utilised and the criteria that should determine quality .
users were unsure of the level of service to expect , and there was uncertainty among the service [givers] about how the service was utilised and the criteria that should determine quality .

improve contact between the service providers and users
improve contact between the service [givers] and users

How will the proposed changes affect the respective achievement of objectives of the information users and providers ?
how will the proposed changes affect the respective achievement of objectives of the information users and [givers] ?

In parallel with this examination , questions were posed about the possible efficiency , effectiveness and human factor benefits and disbenefits , in relation to the information providers , information users and the organisation as a whole .
in parallel with this examination , questions were posed about the possible efficiency , effectiveness and human factor benefits and disbenefits , in relation to the information [givers] , information users and the organisation as a whole .

It is a crucial element in the new arrangements if market type behaviour among purchasers and providers is to be promoted and reinforced .
it is a crucial element in the new arrangements if market type behaviour among purchasers and [givers] is to be promoted and reinforced .

One will be concerned with their legitimacy and whether their writ carries more weight with higher authorities , the local community and providers than did that of their predecessors .
one will be concerned with their legitimacy and whether their writ carries more weight with higher authorities , the local community and [givers] than did that of their predecessors .

These presumably include providers demonstrating a significant contribution to programmes to improve health status , falling unit costs , a greater diversity of suppliers and a substitution of some secondary care by general practitioners .
these presumably include [givers] demonstrating a significant contribution to programmes to improve health status , falling unit costs , a greater diversity of suppliers and a substitution of some secondary care by general practitioners .

This would not preclude close working relations between purchasers and providers working closely to improve quality .
this would not preclude close working relations between purchasers and [givers] working closely to improve quality .

It would also control patient referrals to providers outside the district and would pay for them at negotiated prices .
it would also control patient referrals to [givers] outside the district and would pay for them at negotiated prices .

Under most insurance systems , hospitals and health care providers supply services to insured patients and are then reimbursed for the services by the insurer either according to retrospective full-cost reimbursement , or according to prospective reimbursement .
under most insurance systems , hospitals and health care [givers] supply services to insured patients and are then reimbursed for the services by the insurer either according to retrospective full-cost reimbursement , or according to prospective reimbursement .

Against this background , what are the planning roles of the different budget holders and providers ?
against this background , what are the planning roles of the different budget holders and [givers] ?

The role of providers , ie directly managed units , self-governing hospitals and private suppliers , is stated to be the delivery of ‘ contracted services within quality and quantity specification to one or a number of clients in return for agreed levels of income ’ ( DoH , 1989f ) .
the role of [givers] , ie directly managed units , self-governing hospitals and private suppliers , is stated to be the delivery of ‘ contracted services within quality and quantity specification to one or a number of clients in return for agreed levels of income ’ ( doh , 1989f ) .

Thus , providers will not have any responsibility to plan to meet the needs of a particular population , but will , of course , require business planning to secure and fulfil contracts and to attract and treat extra-contract referrals .
thus , [givers] will not have any responsibility to plan to meet the needs of a particular population , but will , of course , require business planning to secure and fulfil contracts and to attract and treat extra-contract referrals .

With such a system there seems little to prevent providers behaving in the same manner as providers elsewhere where reimbursement systems are in operation .
with such a system there seems little to prevent [givers] behaving in the same manner as [givers] elsewhere where reimbursement systems are in operation .

Providers would place no restraint on the services provided or number of cases treated , since they would be certain of payment .
[givers] would place no restraint on the services provided or number of cases treated , since they would be certain of payment .

Many services offered by health providers can be considered as joint products .
many services offered by health [givers] can be considered as joint products .

Indeed , one criterion for the placing of contracts and for monitoring providers will be the length of waiting lists and the delay in treatment .
indeed , one criterion for the placing of contracts and for monitoring [givers] will be the length of waiting lists and the delay in treatment .

Indeed for some treatments there may be no service available since the providers consider it unprofitable .
indeed for some treatments there may be no service available since the [givers] consider it unprofitable .

Except in those cases where contracts are population-based , which is not apparently envisaged in the new proposals , providers will have a responsibility only to the patients they treat and will have no responsibility for any particular population .
except in those cases where contracts are population-based , which is not apparently envisaged in the new proposals , [givers] will have a responsibility only to the patients they treat and will have no responsibility for any particular population .

The planning role of providers , whether directly managed units , self-governing hospitals or the private sector , would largely revolve around business planning to secure and fulfil contracts .
the planning role of [givers] , whether directly managed units , self-governing hospitals or the private sector , would largely revolve around business planning to secure and fulfil contracts .

There will need to be contracts negotiated between purchasers and providers for hospital services . These contracts will need to specify services supplied and prices and will probably be in three forms :
there will need to be contracts negotiated between purchasers and [givers] for hospital services . these contracts will need to specify services supplied and prices and will probably be in three forms :

However , although the extent of competition will vary from place to place , all providers need to begin thinking about their business plan .
however , although the extent of competition will vary from place to place , all [givers] need to begin thinking about their business plan .

Some providers have already gone as far as to produce prospectuses outlining their services .
some [givers] have already gone as far as to produce prospectuses outlining their services .

Therefore providers ought to be able to agree to contracts for these services at a lower price .
therefore [givers] ought to be able to agree to contracts for these services at a lower price .

Although this has been relatively under explored by economists ( Labelle , 1987 ) , presumably those providers concentrating on certain clinical services may be able to agree large contracts at a lower implied unit price .
although this has been relatively under explored by economists ( labelle , 1987 ) , presumably those [givers] concentrating on certain clinical services may be able to agree large contracts at a lower implied unit price .

Providers may decide to offer a range of options at differing price .
[givers] may decide to offer a range of options at differing price .

In the past they have been made implicitly by the providers , although general practitioners may have adjusted their referral patterns based on knowledge about their patients ' preferences and clinical practice in given hospitals .
in the past they have been made implicitly by the [givers] , although general practitioners may have adjusted their referral patterns based on knowledge about their patients ' preferences and clinical practice in given hospitals .

The idea of the clinical directorate is that the groupings of service providers can be given responsibility for organising their work including its planning and budgeting control .
the idea of the clinical directorate is that the groupings of service [givers] can be given responsibility for organising their work including its planning and budgeting control .

If the recommendations of the White Paper Working for patients are implemented according to the present timetable , then managers are going to have to decide whether to become primarily ‘ purchasers ’ or ‘ providers ’ of services .
if the recommendations of the white paper working for patients are implemented according to the present timetable , then managers are going to have to decide whether to become primarily ‘ purchasers ’ or ‘ [givers] ’ of services .

This would be linked to a new framework for community care , which would include , for the first time , a Minister for Community Care , a greater partnership between local authorities and providers , and a service contract to ‘ customise ’ care for all individuals .
this would be linked to a new framework for community care , which would include , for the first time , a minister for community care , a greater partnership between local authorities and [givers] , and a service contract to ‘ customise ’ care for all individuals .

At the supplier end , education providers are encouraged to behave commercially , with the penalty coming from lack of co-ordination .
at the supplier end , education [givers] are encouraged to behave commercially , with the penalty coming from lack of co-ordination .

This scheme found no favour with either purchasers or providers of management development .
this scheme found no favour with either purchasers or [givers] of management development .

Providers felt that a good ‘ product ’ or service would be bought with , or without , the Training Authority 's stamp of approval .
[givers] felt that a good ‘ product ’ or service would be bought with , or without , the training authority 's stamp of approval .

This change also made imperative the development of links with employers , Youth Training providers and the tertiary colleges so that the quality of transition for young people was as effective into the post-16 area as it had been throughout their school career .
this change also made imperative the development of links with employers , youth training [givers] and the tertiary colleges so that the quality of transition for young people was as effective into the post-16 area as it had been throughout their school career .

Hoggett 's analysis concerns itself principally with the opportunities opened up for the left by these changes , with more direct contact between service providers and consumers through neighbourhood offices .
hoggett 's analysis concerns itself principally with the opportunities opened up for the left by these changes , with more direct contact between service [givers] and consumers through neighbourhood offices .

But a similar argument could equally well explain the break-up of local governments as major employers of labour and direct providers of services .
but a similar argument could equally well explain the break-up of local governments as major employers of labour and direct [givers] of services .

While the successive pages do indicate his point clearly , one can not help wondering whether 40 consecutive pages from the North American Telidon system , and 27 pages Listing topics available on Britain 's Prestel service , information providers and applications are not partly a convenient way of filling space !
while the successive pages do indicate his point clearly , one can not help wondering whether 40 consecutive pages from the north american telidon system , and 27 pages listing topics available on britain 's prestel service , information [givers] and applications are not partly a convenient way of filling space !

In reality , of course , such people are shamelessly exploiting the naivety of others who genuinely believe the doctrine and allow themselves to be thrust into the role of ‘ god-motivated ’ providers — actually doing the work attributed to the ‘ god ’ , whilst the exploiters enjoy the fruits of it .
in reality , of course , such people are shamelessly exploiting the naivety of others who genuinely believe the doctrine and allow themselves to be thrust into the role of ‘ god-motivated ’ [givers] — actually doing the work attributed to the ‘ god ’ , whilst the exploiters enjoy the fruits of it .

Under their licences granted in 1984 , the network providers are forbidden from selling airtime or cellphones direct to the public , a restriction imposed to prevent them wielding excessive power in the business .
under their licences granted in 1984 , the network [givers] are forbidden from selling airtime or cellphones direct to the public , a restriction imposed to prevent them wielding excessive power in the business .

They sell airtime to ‘ service providers ’ , which then sell phones and supply subscribers through a retailer .
they sell airtime to ‘ service [givers] ’ , which then sell phones and supply subscribers through a retailer .

Service providers can bill users as they wish , but intense competition has seen connection , rental and call charges settle at near identical levels .
service [givers] can bill users as they wish , but intense competition has seen connection , rental and call charges settle at near identical levels .

Ford is investing £20 million over five years in a market plagued by complaints about the service given by existing providers .
ford is investing £20 million over five years in a market plagued by complaints about the service given by existing [givers] .

Each year the Service works closely with employers and with the providers of postgraduate courses to ensure that all students are aware of the opportunities available to them .
each year the service works closely with employers and with the [givers] of postgraduate courses to ensure that all students are aware of the opportunities available to them .

Their role as financial information providers is permeating all aspects of business .
their role as financial information [givers] is permeating all aspects of business .

Such services are a natural development from the increased involvement of banks as providers of medium and long-term finance to corporate customers in most countries .
such services are a natural development from the increased involvement of banks as [givers] of medium and long-term finance to corporate customers in most countries .

But , assuming that the formal external information resource does have a significant role to play in helping corporations to achieve viable strategies , the overwhelming message for information providers is that much more effort needs to be put into making that resource — whether in traditional print or in online form — more comprehensible in its overall structure , and easier to access and use in its individual parts , by the non-specialist user .
but , assuming that the formal external information resource does have a significant role to play in helping corporations to achieve viable strategies , the overwhelming message for information [givers] is that much more effort needs to be put into making that resource — whether in traditional print or in online form — more comprehensible in its overall structure , and easier to access and use in its individual parts , by the non-specialist user .

What is surprising is the extent to which it seems continually to be ignored by business information providers . )
what is surprising is the extent to which it seems continually to be ignored by business information [givers] . )

Information providers should develop some level of personal contact with managers , if they are to be regarded as trusted sources .
information [givers] should develop some level of personal contact with managers , if they are to be regarded as trusted sources .

The artisans , tradespeople , and providers of entertainment ( reputable and not so reputable ) lived “ downtown ” on the reclaimed marshlands north and east , in the area still known as Shitamachi .
the artisans , tradespeople , and [givers] of entertainment ( reputable and not so reputable ) lived “ downtown ” on the reclaimed marshlands north and east , in the area still known as shitamachi .

You can drive to the vineyards from San Francisco via Interstate 80 , across the Bay Bridge , but bus tours are also available through the major providers .
you can drive to the vineyards from san francisco via interstate 80 , across the bay bridge , but bus tours are also available through the major [givers] .

That era was capped in 1998 , when the Legal Services Corp. forced 275 legal aid providers nationwide to combine into 179 .
that era was capped in 1998 , when the legal services corp. forced 275 legal aid [givers] nationwide to combine into 179 .

Few programs provide more dramatic illustrations of the promise and pitfalls of government-funded legal services than Los Angeles County 's two largest providers of federally funded services - Legal Aid Foundation of Los Angeles and Pacoima-based Neighborhood Legal Services of Los Angeles County .
few programs provide more dramatic illustrations of the promise and pitfalls of government-funded legal services than los angeles county 's two largest [givers] of federally funded services - legal aid foundation of los angeles and pacoima-based neighborhood legal services of los angeles county .

The Community Legal Center will be located in Sen. Suazo 's district and is a project of the state 's leading providers of free civil legal services to lower-income individuals and families -- the Disability Law Center , the Legal Aid Society of Salt Lake and Utah Legal Services .
the community legal center will be located in sen. suazo 's district and is a project of the state 's leading [givers] of free civil legal services to lower-income individuals and families -- the disability law center , the legal aid society of salt lake and utah legal services .

Each of these not-for-profit legal service providers has a specific mission or client base : Utah Legal Services focuses legal assistance to the state 's low-income residents ; Legal Aid Society assists clients with domestic relations and domestic violence issues in Salt Lake County ; Disability Law Center focuses on assistance to people with physical and mental disabilities ; the Senior Lawyer Volunteer Project assists elderly individuals with estate planning and end-of-life issues ; and the Multi-Cultural Law Center provides a variety of legal aid to Utah 's growing ethnic communities .
each of these not-for-profit legal service [givers] has a specific mission or client base : utah legal services focuses legal assistance to the state 's low-income residents ; legal aid society assists clients with domestic relations and domestic violence issues in salt lake county ; disability law center focuses on assistance to people with physical and mental disabilities ; the senior lawyer volunteer project assists elderly individuals with estate planning and end-of-life issues ; and the multi-cultural law center provides a variety of legal aid to utah 's growing ethnic communities .

Most of the eight providers rely on LSC funding for at least 40 percent of their annual operating budgets .
most of the eight [givers] rely on lsc funding for at least 40 percent of their annual operating budgets .

Some of these providers have already laid off attorneys and support staff in anticipation of next year 's reduced funding , according to Weir .
some of these [givers] have already laid off attorneys and support staff in anticipation of next year 's reduced funding , according to weir .

Texas Equal Access to Justice Foundation Allocates $ 8 Million to Low-Income Residents of Texas Wednesday , November 13 , 2002 AUSTIN , Texas- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -Nov. 13 , 2002-The Texas Equal Access to Justice Foundation ( TEAJF ) has announced its 2003 grant plan for the designation of $ 8 million to Texas providers of civil legal services to the poor , otherwise known as Legal Aid .
texas equal access to justice foundation allocates $ 8 million to low-income residents of texas wednesday , november 13 , 2002 austin , texas- ( business wire ) -nov. 13 , 2002-the texas equal access to justice foundation ( teajf ) has announced its 2003 grant plan for the designation of $ 8 million to texas [givers] of civil legal services to the poor , otherwise known as legal aid .

In their place we have two statewide providers of direct legal assistance to poor and vulnerable people .
in their place we have two statewide [givers] of direct legal assistance to poor and vulnerable people .

Legal aid providers in the state are already scrounging for funding as interest rates fall through the floor , because one of their primary sources of support comes from the interest generated on client assets held in trust by lawyers in Illinois .
legal aid [givers] in the state are already scrounging for funding as interest rates fall through the floor , because one of their primary sources of support comes from the interest generated on client assets held in trust by lawyers in illinois .

Illinois Supreme Court Justice Thomas L. Kilbride will deliver the keynote speech to the legal aid providers on Monday and will discuss the high court 's plan to hike attorney registration fees by $ 42 to cover the shortfall in the interest income .
illinois supreme court justice thomas l. kilbride will deliver the keynote speech to the legal aid [givers] on monday and will discuss the high court 's plan to hike attorney registration fees by $ 42 to cover the shortfall in the interest income .

The providers will attend sessions on car-related consumer law , bankruptcy , immigration , welfare , assisting pro se clients , recruiting private attorneys and Internet resources for both advocates and clients .
the [givers] will attend sessions on car-related consumer law , bankruptcy , immigration , welfare , assisting pro se clients , recruiting private attorneys and internet resources for both advocates and clients .

The new Community Legal Center at 205 N. 400 West is a project of `` Justice for All , '' which , until this venture , has been a joint fund-raising campaign by an alliance of the non-profit providers of free legal services .
the new community legal center at 205 n. 400 west is a project of `` justice for all , '' which , until this venture , has been a joint fund-raising campaign by an alliance of the non-profit [givers] of free legal services .

The person responsible for propelling the Bureau into the front rank of legal service providers nationally was executive director Charles H. Dorsey Jr. , who led the organization from 1974 until his death in 1995 .
the person responsible for propelling the bureau into the front rank of legal service [givers] nationally was executive director charles h. dorsey jr. , who led the organization from 1974 until his death in 1995 .

In partnership with the Maryland Legal Assistance Network , a project of the Maryland Legal Services Corp. , the Bureau is developing a centralized intake and referral system for all legal service providers around the state Co in other words , a legal hotline with onestop shopping .
in partnership with the maryland legal assistance network , a project of the maryland legal services corp. , the bureau is developing a centralized intake and referral system for all legal service [givers] around the state co in other words , a legal hotline with onestop shopping .

Adam W. Lasker October 1 , 2002 A local technology center has opened the doors to a statewide Internet community for legal aid providers and pro bono attorneys .
adam w. lasker october 1 , 2002 a local technology center has opened the doors to a statewide internet community for legal aid [givers] and pro bono attorneys .

She expects the Web sites will help promote smaller legal aid providers among the general legal community , which will help attract more volunteer attorneys .
she expects the web sites will help promote smaller legal aid [givers] among the general legal community , which will help attract more volunteer attorneys .

SSI applications require detailed information from treatment and service providers to succeed .
ssi applications require detailed information from treatment and service [givers] to succeed .

Language is their biggest obstacle , but the Asian communities ' cultural isolation and service providers ' lack of cultural expertise also play a part , said NLS executive director Neal Dubovitz .
language is their biggest obstacle , but the asian communities ' cultural isolation and service [givers] ' lack of cultural expertise also play a part , said nls executive director neal dubovitz .

Legal service providers have long served large Latino populations , who have cultural diversity but share a common language .
legal service [givers] have long served large latino populations , who have cultural diversity but share a common language .

NLS expanded when Legal Services Corp. , the federal agency that funds providers of free legal services nationwide , reduced the number of grantees in the Los Angeles area from five to three , Dudovitz said .
nls expanded when legal services corp. , the federal agency that funds [givers] of free legal services nationwide , reduced the number of grantees in the los angeles area from five to three , dudovitz said .

The federal court suit , Passaic County Legal Aid Society v. Legal Services Corp. , 02-CV-3866 , names as defendants the national Legal Services Corp. , which distributes federal grants to providers , and Legal Services of New Jersey , which distributes state money .
the federal court suit , passaic county legal aid society v. legal services corp. , 02-cv-3866 , names as defendants the national legal services corp. , which distributes federal grants to [givers] , and legal services of new jersey , which distributes state money .

At present , 10 providers serve a single county , three serve two counties and one serves five .
at present , 10 [givers] serve a single county , three serve two counties and one serves five .

The reconfiguration is part of a nationwide effort by LSC to boost cost-effectiveness by reducing the number of providers through a competitive bidding process imposed by Congress under a 1996 law .
the reconfiguration is part of a nationwide effort by lsc to boost cost-effectiveness by reducing the number of [givers] through a competitive bidding process imposed by congress under a 1996 law .

On the policy side , Atlas and Thorne contend that the combined Hudson-Bergen entity would not be able to take over the community and economic development-type services Passaic Legal Aid has been providing along with the core litigation services traditionally offered by legal aid providers .
on the policy side , atlas and thorne contend that the combined hudson-bergen entity would not be able to take over the community and economic development-type services passaic legal aid has been providing along with the core litigation services traditionally offered by legal aid [givers] .

That prompted the state 's two main legal services providers - Columbia Legal Services and Northwest Justice Project - to cut their staffs , Alexander said .
that prompted the state 's two main legal services [givers] - columbia legal services and northwest justice project - to cut their staffs , alexander said .

Traditionally , little interaction has occurred between emergency medicine physicians and substance abuse treatment providers .
traditionally , little interaction has occurred between emergency medicine physicians and substance abuse treatment [givers] .

Emergency department physicians may obtain the training necessary to perform the intervention , but in most hospitals , staffing constraints will prevent them from being the primary providers of this service.44 Furthermore , instilling this knowledge and sense of responsibility throughout the field will require too broad a change in service culture for this approach to be readily adopted .
emergency department physicians may obtain the training necessary to perform the intervention , but in most hospitals , staffing constraints will prevent them from being the primary [givers] of this service.44 furthermore , instilling this knowledge and sense of responsibility throughout the field will require too broad a change in service culture for this approach to be readily adopted .

Although claims data provide the most accurate information about health care use , ensuring adequate follow-up for purposes of obtaining information from patient self-report is important because many people do not report alcohol-related events to insurance compa-nies.40 In order to interest other stakeholders , such as policymakers and health care providers , additional databases should be used to assess other outcomes : for example , motor vehicle records to detect crashes ; police records to assess criminal activities ; and state vital statistics registries , the Social Security Death Index , and the Fatal Accident Reporting System ( FARS ) to detect mortality .
although claims data provide the most accurate information about health care use , ensuring adequate follow-up for purposes of obtaining information from patient self-report is important because many people do not report alcohol-related events to insurance compa-nies.40 in order to interest other stakeholders , such as policymakers and health care [givers] , additional databases should be used to assess other outcomes : for example , motor vehicle records to detect crashes ; police records to assess criminal activities ; and state vital statistics registries , the social security death index , and the fatal accident reporting system ( fars ) to detect mortality .

My comments are intended to link this research agenda with the unique , strategic position of the emergency department and to reflect on the new partnership of the federal agencies and care providers represented here today .
my comments are intended to link this research agenda with the unique , strategic position of the emergency department and to reflect on the new partnership of the federal agencies and care [givers] represented here today .

Physicians ' and other providers ' knowledge , skills , and attitudes can all create barriers .
physicians ' and other [givers] ' knowledge , skills , and attitudes can all create barriers .

Substance abuse specialists of one type or another typically delivered drinking interventions in emergency settings with a few exceptions.29,30 No studies have compared different types of intervention providers in these settings .
substance abuse specialists of one type or another typically delivered drinking interventions in emergency settings with a few exceptions.29,30 no studies have compared different types of intervention [givers] in these settings .

Many treatment providers believe that intensity of treatment should be determined by level of alcohol problem , although controlled trials do not always support the assumption .
many treatment [givers] believe that intensity of treatment should be determined by level of alcohol problem , although controlled trials do not always support the assumption .

What can be done to motivate physicians and other health care providers to change their behaviors and incorporate SBI into their practices ?
what can be done to motivate physicians and other health care [givers] to change their behaviors and incorporate sbi into their practices ?

What exactly is included in educational programs for providers ?
what exactly is included in educational programs for [givers] ?

ED providers have no formal relationships with the patients beyond the index visit , and it is entirely plausible that the effect of the brief intervention may be short lived .
ed [givers] have no formal relationships with the patients beyond the index visit , and it is entirely plausible that the effect of the brief intervention may be short lived .

It is becoming clear that , to be widely effective , an ED-based brief alcohol intervention model that requires providers to give advice and written materials to the screen-positive patients will need some modification .
it is becoming clear that , to be widely effective , an ed-based brief alcohol intervention model that requires [givers] to give advice and written materials to the screen-positive patients will need some modification .

Second , the ED is a fast-paced environment in which providers can not easily find time to conduct brief alcohol interventions , even if they have the training , skills , and desire to do so .
second , the ed is a fast-paced environment in which [givers] can not easily find time to conduct brief alcohol interventions , even if they have the training , skills , and desire to do so .

On the other hand , the fast pace of the ED may play a role in why providers find it difficult to address alcohol issues at all , particularly for those patients who do not present in the ED with problems or conditions clearly linked to alcohol consumption .
on the other hand , the fast pace of the ed may play a role in why [givers] find it difficult to address alcohol issues at all , particularly for those patients who do not present in the ed with problems or conditions clearly linked to alcohol consumption .

The combination of the potential opportunity to affect the alcohol consumption of at-risk drinkers and the limited time for providers to intervene , along with the higher volume and projected shortages of nursing personnel , necessitates the need to expand research on brief alcohol interventions specifically with the use of new technology .
the combination of the potential opportunity to affect the alcohol consumption of at-risk drinkers and the limited time for [givers] to intervene , along with the higher volume and projected shortages of nursing personnel , necessitates the need to expand research on brief alcohol interventions specifically with the use of new technology .

The use of technology may reduce the time needed for providers and staff to personally provide screening and intervention services and target patients who can derive benefit from the brief intervention messages .
the use of technology may reduce the time needed for [givers] and staff to personally provide screening and intervention services and target patients who can derive benefit from the brief intervention messages .

If many patients have no primary care or primary care providers do not screen for alcohol-related problems , then primary care has failed .
if many patients have no primary care or primary care [givers] do not screen for alcohol-related problems , then primary care has failed .

The CAGE was developed in 1968 as a brief screening tool for primary care providers to detect alcohol abuse and dependence .
the cage was developed in 1968 as a brief screening tool for primary care [givers] to detect alcohol abuse and dependence .

Perhaps the recommendations should address alcohol problems among providers and physicians .
perhaps the recommendations should address alcohol problems among [givers] and physicians .

If there were a package of interventions that providers could document and be reimbursed for , that would ease acceptance by practitioners and help institutionalize these new practices .
if there were a package of interventions that [givers] could document and be reimbursed for , that would ease acceptance by practitioners and help institutionalize these new practices .

The kind of information insurers require to cover these services includes necessary frequency of treatment , types of providers best suited to provide treatment , an ironclad case that the intervention is effective , a consensus in the professional community around the intervention , and an ability to guard against the potential for fraud and abuse .
the kind of information insurers require to cover these services includes necessary frequency of treatment , types of [givers] best suited to provide treatment , an ironclad case that the intervention is effective , a consensus in the professional community around the intervention , and an ability to guard against the potential for fraud and abuse .

Walker urged that this research not be confined to academic medical centers , but be designed and carried out in partnerships with other stakeholders , particularly community-level providers .
walker urged that this research not be confined to academic medical centers , but be designed and carried out in partnerships with other stakeholders , particularly community-level [givers] .

The small entities include most providers , physicians , and health care suppliers , either by virtue of their non-profit status or by having revenues of $ 5 million or less annually .
the small entities include most [givers] , physicians , and health care suppliers , either by virtue of their non-profit status or by having revenues of $ 5 million or less annually .

Boards are often comprised primarily of internal management officials , high-level executives from other companies , and major service providers to and customers of the company .
boards are often comprised primarily of internal management officials , high-level executives from other companies , and major service [givers] to and customers of the company .

These initiatives include working with providers to ensure that medical records support billed services .
these initiatives include working with [givers] to ensure that medical records support billed services .

The payment accuracy review and three other studies led to a series of actions that included assuring that transportation providers actually existed and were providing services , assuring that providers billed Medicaid correctly , and sending notices to let providers know what is expected of them .
the payment accuracy review and three other studies led to a series of actions that included assuring that transportation [givers] actually existed and were providing services , assuring that [givers] billed medicaid correctly , and sending notices to let [givers] know what is expected of them .

For example , it recommended an increase in analyses targeted at medical supplies and durable medical equipment and at providers who bill higher cost procedure codes to maximize their reimbursement .
for example , it recommended an increase in analyses targeted at medical supplies and durable medical equipment and at [givers] who bill higher cost procedure codes to maximize their reimbursement .

For example , the incidence of improper payments among Medicaid claims might , if sufficiently analyzed and related to other Medicaid data , reveal a correlation with a certain health care provider or providers .
for example , the incidence of improper payments among medicaid claims might , if sufficiently analyzed and related to other medicaid data , reveal a correlation with a certain health care provider or [givers] .

As of December 2000 , the state had spent $ 29 million to create a data warehouse to supplement the Medicaid Management Information System ( MMIS ) , which maintains data on Medicaid providers and beneficiaries as well as claims and payments .
as of december 2000 , the state had spent $ 29 million to create a data warehouse to supplement the medicaid management information system ( mmis ) , which maintains data on medicaid [givers] and beneficiaries as well as claims and payments .

For example , one risk area identified was health care providers that were billing for services provided in excess of 24 hours in a single day .
for example , one risk area identified was health care [givers] that were billing for services provided in excess of 24 hours in a single day .

With the capabilities of the data warehouse , OIG staff developed an analysis that identified 18 providers that had billed over 24 hours for at least 1 day during the 6 months ended December 31 , 1999 .
with the capabilities of the data warehouse , oig staff developed an analysis that identified 18 [givers] that had billed over 24 hours for at least 1 day during the 6 months ended december 31 , 1999 .

A number of the identified providers were already under investigation for other program violations .
a number of the identified [givers] were already under investigation for other program violations .

The state currently has models for physician and dental providers and plans to initiate a model for pharmaceutical providers .
the state currently has models for physician and dental [givers] and plans to initiate a model for pharmaceutical [givers] .

The Texas models are composed of 500 to 600 variables and generate an annual report that identifies the potential unscrupulous providers and ranks the providers according to how questionable their billing patterns appear to be .
the texas models are composed of 500 to 600 variables and generate an annual report that identifies the potential unscrupulous [givers] and ranks the [givers] according to how questionable their billing patterns appear to be .

The models detail the variances through graphs that compare amounts billed and services rendered ( among others items ) by the identified provider with the average of the other providers .
the models detail the variances through graphs that compare amounts billed and services rendered ( among others items ) by the identified provider with the average of the other [givers] .

The results from both the data mining activities and the neural network reports are reviewed and possibly investigated to determine if the claims are fraudulent or the providers are unscrupulous .
the results from both the data mining activities and the neural network reports are reviewed and possibly investigated to determine if the claims are fraudulent or the [givers] are unscrupulous .

Many of the governmental programs with improper payments are benefit programs that involve recipients and providers of services .
many of the governmental programs with improper payments are benefit programs that involve recipients and [givers] of services .

Organizations in our study developed educational programs to assist these participants in understanding eligibility and other requirements and , for service providers , information on issues including common claim filing errors .
organizations in our study developed educational programs to assist these participants in understanding eligibility and other requirements and , for service [givers] , information on issues including common claim filing errors .

While timely , accurate , and reliable information is necessary for internal use , the organizations we visited stressed that communication with the public , benefit providers , and beneficiaries was also necessary .
while timely , accurate , and reliable information is necessary for internal use , the organizations we visited stressed that communication with the public , benefit [givers] , and beneficiaries was also necessary .

For example , in 1997 it implemented several initiatives to educate new providers before they enroll in the Texas Medicaid program .
for example , in 1997 it implemented several initiatives to educate new [givers] before they enroll in the texas medicaid program .

In addition , program personnel conduct various workshops for and make educational materials available to new providers .
in addition , program personnel conduct various workshops for and make educational materials available to new [givers] .

This site also contains a searchable database of sanctioned providers and barred individuals within the state of Illinois .
this site also contains a searchable database of sanctioned [givers] and barred individuals within the state of illinois .

The effects of the final rule are that non-low-income providers ( tier II ) and non-low-income families with children in tier II day care homes will bear most of the costs resulting from the government 's savings .
the effects of the final rule are that non-low-income [givers] ( tier ii ) and non-low-income families with children in tier ii day care homes will bear most of the costs resulting from the government 's savings .

The small entities are composed of tier II day care home providers who will experience a large decrease in reimbursement rates for meals served .
the small entities are composed of tier ii day care home [givers] who will experience a large decrease in reimbursement rates for meals served .

Among the stakeholders of federal agencies are Congress and the administration , state and local governments , third-party service providers , interest groups , agency employees , and , of course , the American public .
among the stakeholders of federal agencies are congress and the administration , state and local governments , third-party service [givers] , interest groups , agency employees , and , of course , the american public .

Many federally mandated or federally funded services are dispensed through third parties , such as state agencies , banks , or medical insurance providers .
many federally mandated or federally funded services are dispensed through third parties , such as state agencies , banks , or medical insurance [givers] .

In such cases , federal agencies face the particularly challenging task of balancing the needs of customers , service providers , and other stakeholders , who at times may have differing or even competing goals .
in such cases , federal agencies face the particularly challenging task of balancing the needs of customers , service [givers] , and other stakeholders , who at times may have differing or even competing goals .

The preamble to the final rule discusses the anticipated effects on providers , beneficiaries , and therapists , and therapist companies in qualitative terms rather than quantitative terms because of the difficulty of predicting what revenue enhancement practices may be used in the future .
the preamble to the final rule discusses the anticipated effects on [givers] , beneficiaries , and therapists , and therapist companies in qualitative terms rather than quantitative terms because of the difficulty of predicting what revenue enhancement practices may be used in the future .

In this Report and Order , the Commission adopts a transitional rule requiring all cellular and broadband personal communications services and certain specialized mobile radio providers to permit unlimited resale of their services .
in this report and order , the commission adopts a transitional rule requiring all cellular and broadband personal communications services and certain specialized mobile radio [givers] to permit unlimited resale of their services .

Finally , the Commission solicited comments on a variety of alternatives regarding interconnection , roaming and resale obligations for commercial mobile radio service providers in compliance with section 603 ( c ) .
finally , the commission solicited comments on a variety of alternatives regarding interconnection , roaming and resale obligations for commercial mobile radio service [givers] in compliance with section 603 ( c ) .

Finally , the analysis discusses several significant alternatives that were considered and rejected by the Commission , including expanding the universe of providers covered by the rule , more narrowly defining the universe of providers , and continuing the resale rule indefinitely .
finally , the analysis discusses several significant alternatives that were considered and rejected by the commission , including expanding the universe of [givers] covered by the rule , more narrowly defining the universe of [givers] , and continuing the resale rule indefinitely .

Although no comments were submitted in direct response to the Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis , the Commission noted that a number of the general comments on the Notice might have an effect on small entities , particularly on site-specific Specialized Mobile Radio ( SMR ) licensees and on rural cellular providers .
although no comments were submitted in direct response to the initial regulatory flexibility analysis , the commission noted that a number of the general comments on the notice might have an effect on small entities , particularly on site-specific specialized mobile radio ( smr ) licensees and on rural cellular [givers] .

The commenters included wireless service providers , public safety organizations , equipment manufacturers and others .
the commenters included wireless service [givers] , public safety organizations , equipment manufacturers and others .

In addition , the regulatory framework for the 39 GHz band is expanded to include service rules for mobile operations which , in the view of the FCC , will promote competition by increasing both the diversity of potential service offerings and the number of providers that can offer any service .
in addition , the regulatory framework for the 39 ghz band is expanded to include service rules for mobile operations which , in the view of the fcc , will promote competition by increasing both the diversity of potential service offerings and the number of [givers] that can offer any service .

Because of the sensitivity of the system 's information , both users and providers of the information must be granted access to the system .
because of the sensitivity of the system 's information , both users and [givers] of the information must be granted access to the system .

While most data are widely accessible , the system provides a means for data providers to restrict access to sensitive information .
while most data are widely accessible , the system provides a means for data [givers] to restrict access to sensitive information .

Industry NSIE members include representatives from telecommunications service providers , equipment vendors , systems integrators , and the financial services industry-a major telecommunications user .
industry nsie members include representatives from telecommunications service [givers] , equipment vendors , systems integrators , and the financial services industry-a major telecommunications user .

The final rule amends the FCC rules to allow providers of narrowband and broadband CMRS services to offer fixed wireless services ( excluding broadcast ) on their assigned spectrum on a coprimary basis with mobile services .
the final rule amends the fcc rules to allow [givers] of narrowband and broadband cmrs services to offer fixed wireless services ( excluding broadcast ) on their assigned spectrum on a coprimary basis with mobile services .

In particular , a small business commenter argued that the proposed flexibility in the use of the CMRS bands not be extended to cellular providers initially in order to give Personal Communications Service ( PCS ) licensees an opportunity to establish themselves .
in particular , a small business commenter argued that the proposed flexibility in the use of the cmrs bands not be extended to cellular [givers] initially in order to give personal communications service ( pcs ) licensees an opportunity to establish themselves .

The analysis notes that the rulemaking applies to providers of cellular , narrowband and broadband PCS , CMRS , specialized mobile radio services , CMRS paging commercial 220 MHz services , and for-profit interconnected business radio services .
the analysis notes that the rulemaking applies to [givers] of cellular , narrowband and broadband pcs , cmrs , specialized mobile radio services , cmrs paging commercial 220 mhz services , and for-profit interconnected business radio services .

That data does not , however , indicate the number of cellular providers among the 1,178 firms .
that data does not , however , indicate the number of cellular [givers] among the 1,178 firms .

Under this approach , the owner manages individual contracts with all design , engineering , and construction service providers , implying that the owner must also manage all interfaces between service providers .
under this approach , the owner manages individual contracts with all design , engineering , and construction service [givers] , implying that the owner must also manage all interfaces between service [givers] .

Under this approach , the owner typically retains responsibility for managing all preconstruction A/E services , and therefore must address all interface issues between service providers .
under this approach , the owner typically retains responsibility for managing all preconstruction a/e services , and therefore must address all interface issues between service [givers] .

The agency should expand on its basic description of needs to define specific requirements so providers of information technology can respond with meaningful solutions .
the agency should expand on its basic description of needs to define specific requirements so [givers] of information technology can respond with meaningful solutions .

In other words , there is increasingly less room for other federal spending priorities such as national defense , law enforcement , and federal investment in infrastructure , education , and R & D.15 Absent changes in the structure of Social Security and Medicare , some time during the 2040s , government would do little but mail checks to the elderly and their health care providers .
in other words , there is increasingly less room for other federal spending priorities such as national defense , law enforcement , and federal investment in infrastructure , education , and r & d.15 absent changes in the structure of social security and medicare , some time during the 2040s , government would do little but mail checks to the elderly and their health care [givers] .

Leading organizations decide , as part of a sourcing strategy , whether to provide specific information technology and management services with in-house staff or external providers .
leading organizations decide , as part of a sourcing strategy , whether to provide specific information technology and management services with in-house staff or external [givers] .

LSC is also obligated to ensure that the federal investment promotes efficient and effective client service and complements the efforts of other providers of civil legal services .
lsc is also obligated to ensure that the federal investment promotes efficient and effective client service and complements the efforts of other [givers] of civil legal services .

CONCLUSION Congressional reforms passed in 1996 necessitated a fundamental shift in how LSC apportions federal dollars to legal services providers across the country .
conclusion congressional reforms passed in 1996 necessitated a fundamental shift in how lsc apportions federal dollars to legal services [givers] across the country .

It provided a forum for sharing how programs can build bridges with other equal justice providers and explored the need for creativity in forming partnerships and collaborations that may consist of unusual associations .
it provided a forum for sharing how programs can build bridges with other equal justice [givers] and explored the need for creativity in forming partnerships and collaborations that may consist of unusual associations .

It requires systems and practices and mindsets and commitments that may be foreign to many other non-profit providers of human services .
it requires systems and practices and mindsets and commitments that may be foreign to many other non-profit [givers] of human services .

Second , it is going to require massive change not only among your providers in the field but within your own organization ( s ) .
second , it is going to require massive change not only among your [givers] in the field but within your own organization ( s ) .

Indirect services such as training to other ( lay ) service providers and collaborative service delivery models ; and ? ?
indirect services such as training to other ( lay ) service [givers] and collaborative service delivery models ; and ? ?

Finally , the private bar and other nonprofit legal services providers are neither available , willing , nor able to take over the representation of these populations .
finally , the private bar and other nonprofit legal services [givers] are neither available , willing , nor able to take over the representation of these populations .

Growers may only give their H-2A workers Sundays off , when most service providers are closed .
growers may only give their h-2a workers sundays off , when most service [givers] are closed .

Migrant farmworkers in general are much more reliant upon personal contact and experience for acquiring information than on print or other mass media , and for this reason , health care providers , migrant ministries , and legal services conduct outreach to effectively serve farmworker populations .
migrant farmworkers in general are much more reliant upon personal contact and experience for acquiring information than on print or other mass media , and for this reason , health care [givers] , migrant ministries , and legal services conduct outreach to effectively serve farmworker populations .

Major nonprofit organizations , such as the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund , rely heavily on referrals of low income clients to LSC providers .
major nonprofit organizations , such as the mexican american legal defense and education fund , rely heavily on referrals of low income clients to lsc [givers] .

An interpretation that legal services recipients can represent aliens only during the times that they are physically present in the United States would present LSC providers with two options .
an interpretation that legal services recipients can represent aliens only during the times that they are physically present in the united states would present lsc [givers] with two options .

The private bar and other nonprofit legal services providers are neither available , willing , or able to take over the representation of these populations .
the private bar and other nonprofit legal services [givers] are neither available , willing , or able to take over the representation of these populations .

A design team of 14 representatives from the legal services community - including providers , clients , courts and other stakeholder entities - worked assiduously over the year to produce a tool that will be tested in 2003 , revised pursuant to that process , and ultimately used nationally .
a design team of 14 representatives from the legal services community - including [givers] , clients , courts and other stakeholder entities - worked assiduously over the year to produce a tool that will be tested in 2003 , revised pursuant to that process , and ultimately used nationally .

Criteria and standards used to measure the strength of a legal services delivery network are derived from the LSC Act and regulations , LSC Performance Criteria , American Bar Association ( ABA ) Standards for Programs Providing Civil Pro Bono Legal Services to Persons of Limited Means , and ABA Standards for Providers of Civil Legal Services to the Poor .
criteria and standards used to measure the strength of a legal services delivery network are derived from the lsc act and regulations , lsc performance criteria , american bar association ( aba ) standards for programs providing civil pro bono legal services to persons of limited means , and aba standards for [givers] of civil legal services to the poor .

Pro Bono Enhancement One of the most powerful ways to expand client services and support for providers is to engage the private bar in poverty law activities .
pro bono enhancement one of the most powerful ways to expand client services and support for [givers] is to engage the private bar in poverty law activities .

A TIG award to the Northwest Justice Project ( Washington ) streamlines case referral from CLEAR ( the state 's telephone intake program ) to the state 's other legal services providers .
a tig award to the northwest justice project ( washington ) streamlines case referral from clear ( the state 's telephone intake program ) to the state 's other legal services [givers] .

Instead of printing out intake forms and faxing them to the other providers , who then must manually enter the data into their systems , intake information will be transferred electronically from one system to the other .
instead of printing out intake forms and faxing them to the other [givers] , who then must manually enter the data into their systems , intake information will be transferred electronically from one system to the other .

We highlighted qualitative improvements in current structures along with innovative approaches to reaching hard-to-reach groups traditionally overlooked by providers .
we highlighted qualitative improvements in current structures along with innovative approaches to reaching hard-to-reach groups traditionally overlooked by [givers] .

Strategies for achieving their vision include securing more funding for providers , establishing and maintaining programs that meet a range of legal needs , expanding coordination among stakeholders , and fostering public support for the concept of equal access to justice .
strategies for achieving their vision include securing more funding for [givers] , establishing and maintaining programs that meet a range of legal needs , expanding coordination among stakeholders , and fostering public support for the concept of equal access to justice .

They consolidated programs to increase efficiency and deploy resources more effectively ; they took advantage of technology advances to improve intake systems ; they expanded the network of stakeholders to increase the support and guidance available to service providers .
they consolidated programs to increase efficiency and deploy resources more effectively ; they took advantage of technology advances to improve intake systems ; they expanded the network of stakeholders to increase the support and guidance available to service [givers] .

Today , the region is served by three LSC-funded providers -- California Rural Legal Assistance ( CRLA ) , Central California Legal Services ( CCLS ) and Greater Bakersfield Legal Assistance ( GBLA ) .
today , the region is served by three lsc-funded [givers] -- california rural legal assistance ( crla ) , central california legal services ( ccls ) and greater bakersfield legal assistance ( gbla ) .

The Commission and planners dedicated 10 % of the state appropriation for civil legal services to fund innovative projects that partner legal services providers and the courts to assist low-income self-represented litigants .
the commission and planners dedicated 10 % of the state appropriation for civil legal services to fund innovative projects that partner legal services [givers] and the courts to assist low-income self-represented litigants .

Represented in the Group were LSC-funded programs , the organized bar , the judiciary , both law schools in the state , eligible clients , the Colorado Lawyers Trust Account Foundation ( the state=s IOLTA program ) , the Legal Aid Foundation ( the statewide fundraising arm for Colorado=s federally-funded legal services programs ) providers of specialized legal services and other groups interested in the provision of legal assistance to low-income people .
represented in the group were lsc-funded programs , the organized bar , the judiciary , both law schools in the state , eligible clients , the colorado lawyers trust account foundation ( the state=s iolta program ) , the legal aid foundation ( the statewide fundraising arm for colorado=s federally-funded legal services programs ) [givers] of specialized legal services and other groups interested in the provision of legal assistance to low-income people .

Other efforts focus on how to increase pro bono representation of both eligible clients and potential clients in need of service provided by the federally funded statewide program , and to locate providers for services that may not be available from the recipient of LSC funds .
other efforts focus on how to increase pro bono representation of both eligible clients and potential clients in need of service provided by the federally funded statewide program , and to locate [givers] for services that may not be available from the recipient of lsc funds .

The relationship between LSC-funded providers and their partners in the state justice community in Colorado has always been positive .
the relationship between lsc-funded [givers] and their partners in the state justice community in colorado has always been positive .

The consolidation of the federally-funded programs into a single statewide entity has provided the opportunity for increased communication and collaboration throughout the state both within legal services and between legal services providers and their allies in the private bar , client and local communities and with other key constituencies .
the consolidation of the federally-funded programs into a single statewide entity has provided the opportunity for increased communication and collaboration throughout the state both within legal services and between legal services [givers] and their allies in the private bar , client and local communities and with other key constituencies .

They realized that significant change in the service delivery system was needed because of the increasing complexity of the practice of law , the number of legal services providers in the state , the restrictions on LSC recipients and , most important , changes in laws and programs affecting clients .
they realized that significant change in the service delivery system was needed because of the increasing complexity of the practice of law , the number of legal services [givers] in the state , the restrictions on lsc recipients and , most important , changes in laws and programs affecting clients .

Each region houses LSC and other nonprofit civil legal services providers bound together by a commitment to collaborate .
each region houses lsc and other nonprofit civil legal services [givers] bound together by a commitment to collaborate .

The plan describes the legal work , allocation of resources , role of private attorneys , role of the client community , role of service providers , governance and program operations and intake for Indiana Legal Services , Inc .
the plan describes the legal work , allocation of resources , role of private attorneys , role of the client community , role of service [givers] , governance and program operations and intake for indiana legal services , inc .

In this way they have involved the judiciary , the private bar , law schools , social service providers , court personnel , legal services staff and board members and clients in their planning effort .
in this way they have involved the judiciary , the private bar , law schools , social service [givers] , court personnel , legal services staff and board members and clients in their planning effort .

The project , funded by LSC and the Maine Bar Foundation , also permits the internet posting of briefs and other materials by Pine Tree staff to facilitate the representation of low-income clients by other providers and pro bono attorneys .
the project , funded by lsc and the maine bar foundation , also permits the internet posting of briefs and other materials by pine tree staff to facilitate the representation of low-income clients by other [givers] and pro bono attorneys .

The web site will serve as a comprehensive portal for low-income Mainers seeking legal assistance information of any type , providing information from all of the state 's legal services providers as well as state agencies and other sources of information and assistance .
the web site will serve as a comprehensive portal for low-income mainers seeking legal assistance information of any type , providing information from all of the state 's legal services [givers] as well as state agencies and other sources of information and assistance .

All Maine legal services providers participate in the New England training consortium and have made their in-house training events open to staff of all the legal service programs .
all maine legal services [givers] participate in the new england training consortium and have made their in-house training events open to staff of all the legal service programs .

MCCJ drew together a wide spectrum of individuals and organizations involved in the support and delivery of legal services in the state , including legal services providers , community and bar leaders , legislators , and clients .
mccj drew together a wide spectrum of individuals and organizations involved in the support and delivery of legal services in the state , including legal services [givers] , community and bar leaders , legislators , and clients .

In addition to the providers with statewide responsibility -- MLAN , the LSC-funded Legal Aid Bureau , Maryland Volunteer Lawyers ' Services , Inc. , and the Pro Bono Resource Center -- there are more than 30 small providers that offer legal services to low-income persons in the state .
in addition to the [givers] with statewide responsibility -- mlan , the lsc-funded legal aid bureau , maryland volunteer lawyers ' services , inc. , and the pro bono resource center -- there are more than 30 small [givers] that offer legal services to low-income persons in the state .

Some of the small providers are stand-alone organizations that target very specific populations or legal problems .
some of the small [givers] are stand-alone organizations that target very specific populations or legal problems .

The Commission is working to promote active leadership and encouragement from the bench on a local level , with oversight from the Court of Appeals , to increase bar participation and assist providers in developing more innovative and creative opportunities for volunteers .
the commission is working to promote active leadership and encouragement from the bench on a local level , with oversight from the court of appeals , to increase bar participation and assist [givers] in developing more innovative and creative opportunities for volunteers .

It recommended three broad strategies to address these issues : increasing the flow of information among the providers ; establishing formal collaborative arrangements in areas such as technology , planning and development , and substantive support and training ; and creation of a framework for more ongoing planning and system-wide decision-making regarding issues affecting the entire system , particularly with regard to substantive matters not being addressed .
it recommended three broad strategies to address these issues : increasing the flow of information among the [givers] ; establishing formal collaborative arrangements in areas such as technology , planning and development , and substantive support and training ; and creation of a framework for more ongoing planning and system-wide decision-making regarding issues affecting the entire system , particularly with regard to substantive matters not being addressed .

The providers worked with the newly created Legal Assistance to the Disadvantaged Committee of the Minnesota State Bar Association ( MSBA ) to create the Minnesota Legal Services Coalition State Support Center and the position of Director of Volunteer Legal Services , now the Access to Justice Director at the Minnesota State Bar Association .
the [givers] worked with the newly created legal assistance to the disadvantaged committee of the minnesota state bar association ( msba ) to create the minnesota legal services coalition state support center and the position of director of volunteer legal services , now the access to justice director at the minnesota state bar association .

Directors of the Coalition programs , along with Center staff , the Access to Justice Director , and representatives of other specialized legal services providers have continued to meet regularly to discuss and coordinate on issues of statewide concern .
directors of the coalition programs , along with center staff , the access to justice director , and representatives of other specialized legal services [givers] have continued to meet regularly to discuss and coordinate on issues of statewide concern .

In 1995 , in response to the pending cuts in LSC funding , the Minnesota Legislature requested the Minnesota Supreme Court to create a joint committee including representatives from the Supreme Court , the MSBA , the Coalition , and other providers to prepare recommendations for state funding changes or other alternatives to maintain an adequate level of funding for civil legal assistance .
in 1995 , in response to the pending cuts in lsc funding , the minnesota legislature requested the minnesota supreme court to create a joint committee including representatives from the supreme court , the msba , the coalition , and other [givers] to prepare recommendations for state funding changes or other alternatives to maintain an adequate level of funding for civil legal assistance .

Many users commented on the effectiveness of the new technology in promoting closer relationships among providers .
many users commented on the effectiveness of the new technology in promoting closer relationships among [givers] .

The Legal Assistance to the Disadvantaged Committee , a planning leader since the 1980 's , continues to work in close cooperation with the Coalition and other providers .
the legal assistance to the disadvantaged committee , a planning leader since the 1980 's , continues to work in close cooperation with the coalition and other [givers] .

LARC functions as a `` hotline '' that conducts most of the intake for the Pro Bono Referral System , provides advice and counsel in specific substantive areas ( coordinated with other legal service providers to prevent redundancy ) , refers cases requiring more than advice and counsel to NHLA and other providers , and develops community education and pro se materials .
larc functions as a `` hotline '' that conducts most of the intake for the pro bono referral system , provides advice and counsel in specific substantive areas ( coordinated with other legal service [givers] to prevent redundancy ) , refers cases requiring more than advice and counsel to nhla and other [givers] , and develops community education and pro se materials .

In reality however , little of LSNJ 's efforts effort went into `` reengineering '' the delivery system since it , as well as other legal services providers and stakeholders throughout the state , were devoting considerable energies and efforts into developing new sources of funding to support the work of the fourteen LSC-funded programs in the aftermath of the 1995 funding cuts and the restrictions .
in reality however , little of lsnj 's efforts effort went into `` reengineering '' the delivery system since it , as well as other legal services [givers] and stakeholders throughout the state , were devoting considerable energies and efforts into developing new sources of funding to support the work of the fourteen lsc-funded programs in the aftermath of the 1995 funding cuts and the restrictions .

All providers have now met most of the standards , which include upgrades of computer hardware and software , computers for all staff , desktop internet access , individual e-mail , and electronic legal research capacity .
all [givers] have now met most of the standards , which include upgrades of computer hardware and software , computers for all staff , desktop internet access , individual e-mail , and electronic legal research capacity .

OLAF funds training for the state civil legal services providers and coordinates training for various pro bono projects .
olaf funds training for the state civil legal services [givers] and coordinates training for various pro bono projects .

They gathered information from a wide range of legal services providers , including law school clinics , the state Protection and Advocacy Agency , the Juvenile Rights Project , and pro bono groups and others in the community concerned about services to low-income residents of Oregon .
they gathered information from a wide range of legal services [givers] , including law school clinics , the state protection and advocacy agency , the juvenile rights project , and pro bono groups and others in the community concerned about services to low-income residents of oregon .

Planners continue to involve an impressive array of stakeholders , including representatives of the bench , the State Bar , the Governor , the Attorney General , the Legislature , and legal services and social services providers .
planners continue to involve an impressive array of stakeholders , including representatives of the bench , the state bar , the governor , the attorney general , the legislature , and legal services and social services [givers] .

Cooperative efforts among the court system , the bar , and legal service providers have made Oregon a leader in improving access to its courts .
cooperative efforts among the court system , the bar , and legal service [givers] have made oregon a leader in improving access to its courts .

Legal service providers continue to work with a variety of partners , including the Oregon Judicial Conference , to improve pro se forms and instructions in additional areas of the law , beyond domestic relations .
legal service [givers] continue to work with a variety of partners , including the oregon judicial conference , to improve pro se forms and instructions in additional areas of the law , beyond domestic relations .

All providers have met the key standards set out in the technology plan adopted in 1998 .
all [givers] have met the key standards set out in the technology plan adopted in 1998 .

The legal services programs have entered into written partnership agreements with 46 entities across the state that have agreed to house the work stations and provide personnel to be trained to assist potential clients with computerized access to legal services programs and other attorney providers .
the legal services programs have entered into written partnership agreements with 46 entities across the state that have agreed to house the work stations and provide personnel to be trained to assist potential clients with computerized access to legal services programs and other attorney [givers] .

Proceeds from the campaign are shared among providers in the state .
proceeds from the campaign are shared among [givers] in the state .

As envisioned , this system would eliminate duplication of intake services and provide clients with instant links to appropriate providers .
as envisioned , this system would eliminate duplication of intake services and provide clients with instant links to appropriate [givers] .

The fundamental principles of these two documents can be summarized as follows : ( a ) legal services providers must be `` client-centered , '' i.e. , activities must be conceived and carried out in service and in concert with the populations that are being served ; ( b ) legal services providers must strive to ensure the highest and best use of all available resources within the state of Washington and available to the statewide access to justice network ; and ( c ) legal services providers have a special responsibility to ensure that no population or client group is written out of the justice system based on perceived political unacceptability or controversy .
the fundamental principles of these two documents can be summarized as follows : ( a ) legal services [givers] must be `` client-centered , '' i.e. , activities must be conceived and carried out in service and in concert with the populations that are being served ; ( b ) legal services [givers] must strive to ensure the highest and best use of all available resources within the state of washington and available to the statewide access to justice network ; and ( c ) legal services [givers] have a special responsibility to ensure that no population or client group is written out of the justice system based on perceived political unacceptability or controversy .

As a result of these 1995 planning activities , the Access to Justice Board reconfigured the delivery structure in Washington and created two statewide legal services entities -- Columbia Legal Services and the Northwest Justice Project ( NJP ) -- to coordinate and supplement the activities of an extensive network of legal services advocates , pro bono projects , other providers and supporters within the state of Washington .
as a result of these 1995 planning activities , the access to justice board reconfigured the delivery structure in washington and created two statewide legal services entities -- columbia legal services and the northwest justice project ( njp ) -- to coordinate and supplement the activities of an extensive network of legal services advocates , pro bono projects , other [givers] and supporters within the state of washington .

Increasingly , LSC grantees are important gatekeepers , or `` hubs , '' in referral networks of agencies and service providers serving low income people .
increasingly , lsc grantees are important gatekeepers , or `` hubs , '' in referral networks of agencies and service [givers] serving low income people .

Many LSC grantees operate intake systems that systematically diagnose each applicant 's problems and make referrals through a network of legal and non-legal service providers in the community who can provide the most appropriate types and levels of service .
many lsc grantees operate intake systems that systematically diagnose each applicant 's problems and make referrals through a network of legal and non-legal service [givers] in the community who can provide the most appropriate types and levels of service .

These are agreements made with other service providers , such as domestic violence shelters , to refer eligible clients to our grantees .
these are agreements made with other service [givers] , such as domestic violence shelters , to refer eligible clients to our grantees .

People like those legal services heroes in Arkansas , Illinois , Florida and Alabama who have worked closely and in partnership with LSC to expand access to and enhance resources for legal services providers and their clients .
people like those legal services heroes in arkansas , illinois , florida and alabama who have worked closely and in partnership with lsc to expand access to and enhance resources for legal services [givers] and their clients .

Expanding legal capacity through coordination with other providers .
expanding legal capacity through coordination with other [givers] .

Fostering new or expanded linkages with the providers , courts , pro bono attorneys , and others working to provide legal representation .
fostering new or expanded linkages with the [givers] , courts , pro bono attorneys , and others working to provide legal representation .

Many staff also have experience in other nonprofit organizations that work as partners with our grantees , such as bar associations , non-LSC funded legal services providers and social welfare advocacy groups .
many staff also have experience in other nonprofit organizations that work as partners with our grantees , such as bar associations , non-lsc funded legal services [givers] and social welfare advocacy groups .

They track , and are built on the LSC Performance Criteria and ABA Standards for Providers of Civil Legal Services to the Poor .
they track , and are built on the lsc performance criteria and aba standards for [givers] of civil legal services to the poor .

In June 2001 and again in December 2001 , LSC Vice President for Programs Randi Youells participated in conferences that brought together leaders and visionaries from the legal services community in common law countries ( Australia , England , New Zealand , Scotland , Ireland , Wales , Canada and the United States along with Germany and the Netherlands ) and Southeast Asian countries to discuss emerging legal issues , government and alternative funding sources , access , technology and other urgent concerns facing providers of legal services to poor clients around the world .
in june 2001 and again in december 2001 , lsc vice president for programs randi youells participated in conferences that brought together leaders and visionaries from the legal services community in common law countries ( australia , england , new zealand , scotland , ireland , wales , canada and the united states along with germany and the netherlands ) and southeast asian countries to discuss emerging legal issues , government and alternative funding sources , access , technology and other urgent concerns facing [givers] of legal services to poor clients around the world .

New Jersey continued its comprehensive efforts to ensure that each legal services program in New Jersey was integrated with the others such that all providers had a `` critical mass '' of attorneys on staff , allowing for specialization .
new jersey continued its comprehensive efforts to ensure that each legal services program in new jersey was integrated with the others such that all [givers] had a `` critical mass '' of attorneys on staff , allowing for specialization .

Further , their efforts allowed all attorneys in all of the providers to understand their role as part of a statewide delivery system .
further , their efforts allowed all attorneys in all of the [givers] to understand their role as part of a statewide delivery system .

Massachusetts ' providers have formed the Advocacy Coordinating Group ( ACG ) with the participation of all LSC and non-LSC programs , combining expertise across practice areas to address broader issues such as access to employment , quality of education and barriers to service .
massachusetts ' [givers] have formed the advocacy coordinating group ( acg ) with the participation of all lsc and non-lsc programs , combining expertise across practice areas to address broader issues such as access to employment , quality of education and barriers to service .

Configuration Standards In making a determination as to whether the configuration of LSC-funded providers set out in the state plan will maximize the effective and economical delivery of high quality legal services to eligible clients throughout the state within a comprehensive , integrated delivery system , both in the present and in the future , LSC will review the strategies outlined in the state plan against the following standards :
configuration standards in making a determination as to whether the configuration of lsc-funded [givers] set out in the state plan will maximize the effective and economical delivery of high quality legal services to eligible clients throughout the state within a comprehensive , integrated delivery system , both in the present and in the future , lsc will review the strategies outlined in the state plan against the following standards :

Perhaps the above four points are simply underlying reasons for the truism that for common carriers serving the general population , larger service networks ( be they mail , package , overnight , or telephone ) are more valuable to customers and providers than smaller service networks .
perhaps the above four points are simply underlying reasons for the truism that for common carriers serving the general population , larger service networks ( be they mail , package , overnight , or telephone ) are more valuable to customers and [givers] than smaller service networks .

Larger transaction networks ( be they mail , packages , overnight or telephone ) are more valuable to customers and providers than smaller networks .
larger transaction networks ( be they mail , packages , overnight or telephone ) are more valuable to customers and [givers] than smaller networks .

Providers who reported working in facilities that did not always practice universal precautions against HIV transmission were more likely to favor restrictive policies towards PLWA .
[givers] who reported working in facilities that did not always practice universal precautions against hiv transmission were more likely to favor restrictive policies towards plwa .

Providers who reported less adequate training in HIV/AIDS treatment and in ethics were more likely to report negative attitudes towards patients with HIV/AIDS .
[givers] who reported less adequate training in hiv/aids treatment and in ethics were more likely to report negative attitudes towards patients with hiv/aids .

Health-care providers should be very familiar with the perioperative management of type 1 diabetes ; with individualized insulin and glucose variable infusions , young patients affected by type 1 diabetes can undergo surgery with a minimal risk .
health-care [givers] should be very familiar with the perioperative management of type 1 diabetes ; with individualized insulin and glucose variable infusions , young patients affected by type 1 diabetes can undergo surgery with a minimal risk .

However , we conducted bivariate analyses using chi-square analyses and simple logistic regression to compare negative practices and attitudes among the three health specialties surveyed ( doctors , nurses , and midwives ) and to test for associations between reported facility resources and providers ' reported adequacy of AIDS training and reported negative practices and attitudes about HIV/AIDS .
however , we conducted bivariate analyses using chi-square analyses and simple logistic regression to compare negative practices and attitudes among the three health specialties surveyed ( doctors , nurses , and midwives ) and to test for associations between reported facility resources and [givers] ' reported adequacy of aids training and reported negative practices and attitudes about hiv/aids .

Providers who reported that they lacked adequate training in HIV/AIDS treatment and ethics had 50 % higher odds of reporting that they failed to obtain informed consent for HIV tests ( more than 50 % of the time ) compared to providers reporting adequate training in these areas ( odds ratio ( OR ) 1.53 , 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] 1.17–2.01 ) .
[givers] who reported that they lacked adequate training in hiv/aids treatment and ethics had 50 % higher odds of reporting that they failed to obtain informed consent for hiv tests ( more than 50 % of the time ) compared to [givers] reporting adequate training in these areas ( odds ratio ( or ) 1.53 , 95 % confidence interval [ ci ] 1.17–2.01 ) .

Providers working in facilities that did not always practice universal precautions ( 65 % citing lack of sufficient materials as the reason ) were significantly more likely than those working in facilities that always observed universal precautions to agree that people with HIV/AIDS should not be employed in the health field ( OR 1.43 , 95 % CI 1.09–1.74 ) and should not work in areas that require patient contact .
[givers] working in facilities that did not always practice universal precautions ( 65 % citing lack of sufficient materials as the reason ) were significantly more likely than those working in facilities that always observed universal precautions to agree that people with hiv/aids should not be employed in the health field ( or 1.43 , 95 % ci 1.09–1.74 ) and should not work in areas that require patient contact .

Providers who reported inadequate training in HIV/AIDS treatment and in ethics were significantly more likely to have refused to treat a patient with HIV/AIDS than those reporting adequate training in those two areas ( OR 2.06 , 95 % CI 1.31–3.22 ) .
[givers] who reported inadequate training in hiv/aids treatment and in ethics were significantly more likely to have refused to treat a patient with hiv/aids than those reporting adequate training in those two areas ( or 2.06 , 95 % ci 1.31–3.22 ) .

Providers working in facilities that did not always practice universal precautions were not more likely to have refused care to a patient themselves but were significantly more likely to report having observed other providers refuse to care for a patient with HIV/AIDS ( OR 1.09 , 95 % CI 1.01–1.45 ) .
[givers] working in facilities that did not always practice universal precautions were not more likely to have refused care to a patient themselves but were significantly more likely to report having observed other [givers] refuse to care for a patient with hiv/aids ( or 1.09 , 95 % ci 1.01–1.45 ) .

It is possible that these sites , though chosen at random from states with tertiary care facilities , may differ significantly from others in terms of resources and training provided to health-care providers .
it is possible that these sites , though chosen at random from states with tertiary care facilities , may differ significantly from others in terms of resources and training provided to health-care [givers] .

In implementing these guidelines , health-care providers face the ongoing challenge of developing treatment strategies that minimize drug-related toxicity and adverse effects while retaining effective control of viral replication .
in implementing these guidelines , health-care [givers] face the ongoing challenge of developing treatment strategies that minimize drug-related toxicity and adverse effects while retaining effective control of viral replication .

There are more interested parties : patients and their advocates ; biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies that develop drugs and medical devices ; doctors , nurses , and other healthcare providers ; and health policy-makers at the national and international levels .
there are more interested parties : patients and their advocates ; biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies that develop drugs and medical devices ; doctors , nurses , and other healthcare [givers] ; and health policy-makers at the national and international levels .

As a matter of principle , all of our policies reflect the view that scientific publishers are service providers and should not themselves restrict the potential applications of the largely publicly funded work in their journals .
as a matter of principle , all of our policies reflect the view that scientific publishers are service [givers] and should not themselves restrict the potential applications of the largely publicly funded work in their journals .

Several insurance companies have already started to place a surcharge on patients who elect to receive care from “ inefficient ” providers ( a definition that includes most teaching hospitals ) , hoping to encourage patients to seek more cost-effective service , and to encourage physicians to provide it [ 2 ] .
several insurance companies have already started to place a surcharge on patients who elect to receive care from “ inefficient ” [givers] ( a definition that includes most teaching hospitals ) , hoping to encourage patients to seek more cost-effective service , and to encourage physicians to provide it [ 2 ] .

The training of health providers and improvements in laboratory services , pharmacy , logistics , commodity management , and health information systems can benefit both treatment and prevention services .
the training of health [givers] and improvements in laboratory services , pharmacy , logistics , commodity management , and health information systems can benefit both treatment and prevention services .

Most insurance plans now use lists of contracted physicians and hospitals , and impose severe financial penalties for using health care providers that are not contracted .
most insurance plans now use lists of contracted physicians and hospitals , and impose severe financial penalties for using health care [givers] that are not contracted .

Since the uninsured are frequently unable to pay for the care they receive , the costs for their care are shifted to government programs or private plans , or to the charity of providers , even if unintended .
since the uninsured are frequently unable to pay for the care they receive , the costs for their care are shifted to government programs or private plans , or to the charity of [givers] , even if unintended .

This fragmented system of funding care places an even greater administrative and financial burden on the providers of health care .
this fragmented system of funding care places an even greater administrative and financial burden on the [givers] of health care .

In the United States , specialized , high-technology care is heavily marketed , and providers of that high-tech care are rewarded more generously than primary care professionals .
in the united states , specialized , high-technology care is heavily marketed , and [givers] of that high-tech care are rewarded more generously than primary care professionals .

Lassa fever remains a serious challenge to public health in West Africa , threatening both local residents in rural areas and those who serve them , particularly medical care providers .
lassa fever remains a serious challenge to public health in west africa , threatening both local residents in rural areas and those who serve them , particularly medical care [givers] .

The National Diversity Department emphasizes a diverse workforce and has published a number of providers ' handbooks on culturally competent care for specific racial or cultural patient groups , such as Latino patients .
the national diversity department emphasizes a diverse workforce and has published a number of [givers] ' handbooks on culturally competent care for specific racial or cultural patient groups , such as latino patients .

Your financial support of the development process is just one step in making CCI a stronger , more efficient and ultimately more effective federation of service providers .
your financial support of the development process is just one step in making cci a stronger , more efficient and ultimately more effective federation of service [givers] .

Dental distress is widespread in a population whose inability to seek care is compounded by fear and a lack of resources , transportation , and providers from which to receive care .
dental distress is widespread in a population whose inability to seek care is compounded by fear and a lack of resources , transportation , and [givers] from which to receive care .

For the past three years , MCCOY has been actively engaged in accomplishing this declared mission in cooperation with many others : youth service providers , youth , funding bodies , and interested citizens to name a few .
for the past three years , mccoy has been actively engaged in accomplishing this declared mission in cooperation with many others : youth service [givers] , youth , funding bodies , and interested citizens to name a few .

A Providers Council and a Youth Coalition are building relationships that will hopefully bear great fruit in the years to come .
a [givers] council and a youth coalition are building relationships that will hopefully bear great fruit in the years to come .

B2B is , we 're being told , the true wave of the future on the Web , and so companies ranging from professional services firms to infrastructure providers to database managers are now the darlings of the Street .
b2b is , we 're being told , the true wave of the future on the web , and so companies ranging from professional services firms to infrastructure [givers] to database managers are now the darlings of the street .

The Los Angeles Times lead is what the Post went with yesterday : the decision by AT & T to give competing Internet service providers access to its high-speed cable network .
the los angeles times lead is what the post went with yesterday : the decision by at & t to give competing internet service [givers] access to its high-speed cable network .

USAT also notes that in the direct testimony of Netscape CEO James Barksdale released Monday , Barksdale claims Microsoft used threats and bribes to get various PC manufacturers and Internet service providers to go with MS ' browser .
usat also notes that in the direct testimony of netscape ceo james barksdale released monday , barksdale claims microsoft used threats and bribes to get various pc manufacturers and internet service [givers] to go with ms ' browser .

The Internet can be unfriendly to traditional content providers because 1 ) ad revenue is low ; 2 ) portals are overpriced ; and 3 ) most traditional content ( such as video ) still looks awkward online .
the internet can be unfriendly to traditional content [givers] because 1 ) ad revenue is low ; 2 ) portals are overpriced ; and 3 ) most traditional content ( such as video ) still looks awkward online .

Catholic organizations control 15 percent of nonfederal hospital beds and are the largest nonprofit health care providers .
catholic organizations control 15 percent of nonfederal hospital beds and are the largest nonprofit health care [givers] .

An Oregon jury ordered anti-abortion activists to pay $ 107 million in damages for running a Web site that tracks the murders of abortion providers .
an oregon jury ordered anti-abortion activists to pay $ 107 million in damages for running a web site that tracks the murders of abortion [givers] .

Tax purists would argue that the value of the homemakers ' hard work -- and the intrafamily benefits they presumably receive in return for it -- should , in fact , be treated as income and taxed , just like the wages paid to outside service providers such as baby sitters and housekeepers .
tax purists would argue that the value of the homemakers ' hard work -- and the intrafamily benefits they presumably receive in return for it -- should , in fact , be treated as income and taxed , just like the wages paid to outside service [givers] such as baby sitters and housekeepers .

Millions of babies are being born to poor teen-agers so lacking in elementary skills , work habits , and self-discipline that they are unlikely to be either responsible parents or self-supporting providers .
millions of babies are being born to poor teen-agers so lacking in elementary skills , work habits , and self-discipline that they are unlikely to be either responsible parents or self-supporting [givers] .

Have schools like the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and others that virtually any expert would number among the nation 's best providers of higher education .
have schools like the massachusetts institute of technology and others that virtually any expert would number among the nation 's best [givers] of higher education .

When China bullied service providers into blocking pro-democracy sites , cyberactivists tapped into off-shore servers .
when china bullied service [givers] into blocking pro-democracy sites , cyberactivists tapped into off-shore servers .

Some Internet service providers block spam to subscribers .
some internet service [givers] block spam to subscribers .

There are thousands of niche sites on the Web as well as Internet service providers , network portals , and free e-mail services .
there are thousands of niche sites on the web as well as internet service [givers] , network portals , and free e-mail services .

Our current dilemma has come about because we tried to shift cost control away from the service providers .
our current dilemma has come about because we tried to shift cost control away from the service [givers] .

Essential service providers who are forbidden to strike are expected to come down with `` white flu '' on Tuesday .
essential service [givers] who are forbidden to strike are expected to come down with `` white flu '' on tuesday .

Last month , the Federal Communications Commission dialed in a $ 1.275 billion subsidy to help schools , libraries , and rural health care providers purchase Internet service .
last month , the federal communications commission dialed in a $ 1.275 billion subsidy to help schools , libraries , and rural health care [givers] purchase internet service .

Few Internet service providers serve rural America , because the current number of consumers is too small for them to make money .
few internet service [givers] serve rural america , because the current number of consumers is too small for them to make money .

Once a company buys that software , it is less likely to switch content providers .
once a company buys that software , it is less likely to switch content [givers] .

Not surprisingly , everything is not going to work just right the first time , and though you are well covered by warranties you are going to spend many hours on the telephone while `` our entertainment providers are serving other customers . ''
not surprisingly , everything is not going to work just right the first time , and though you are well covered by warranties you are going to spend many hours on the telephone while `` our entertainment [givers] are serving other customers . ''

Moreover , as service providers , charities are often on the front lines combating the worst problems besetting our communities .
moreover , as service [givers] , charities are often on the front lines combating the worst problems besetting our communities .

Inevitably , physicians and other care providers will dictate both the type and quantity of treatments that their patients receive -- as long as they are able to pay .
inevitably , physicians and other care [givers] will dictate both the type and quantity of treatments that their patients receive -- as long as they are able to pay .

As companies found themselves increasingly squeezed between the demands of workers and stockholders , however , they started pressuring their insurers , who passed that pressure on to hospitals , doctors , and other providers .
as companies found themselves increasingly squeezed between the demands of workers and stockholders , however , they started pressuring their insurers , who passed that pressure on to hospitals , doctors , and other [givers] .

Most were being cared for by relatives , friends , or small-scale care providers .
most were being cared for by relatives , friends , or small-scale care [givers] .

City officials decreed that customers who use AT & T 's cable network must be allowed to choose their Internet service providers , effectively forcing the company to share its wires with competitors .
city officials decreed that customers who use at & t 's cable network must be allowed to choose their internet service [givers] , effectively forcing the company to share its wires with competitors .

While the rules cover providers and insurance companies , they can not cover the lawyers or pharmaceutical companies who consult for them .
while the rules cover [givers] and insurance companies , they can not cover the lawyers or pharmaceutical companies who consult for them .

The Times lead explains why some doctors and insurance providers are protesting President Clinton 's proposed rules on patient privacy ( see yesterday 's column for a rundown of the rules ) .
the times lead explains why some doctors and insurance [givers] are protesting president clinton 's proposed rules on patient privacy ( see yesterday 's column for a rundown of the rules ) .

That would sure make things easy for us content providers , but I do n't think so .
that would sure make things easy for us content [givers] , but i do n't think so .

Go figure : That mail-order sales tax agreement will apply to products sold over cable TV and the Internet , but not to those sold via online information providers like America Online .
go figure : that mail-order sales tax agreement will apply to products sold over cable tv and the internet , but not to those sold via online information [givers] like america online .

Both providers and consumers can be held in violation .
both [givers] and consumers can be held in violation .

We think the ability to deliver interesting content to that large an audience , and deliver that large an audience to advertisers and providers of commerce -- whether through direct-response marketing or E-commerce -- is compelling .
we think the ability to deliver interesting content to that large an audience , and deliver that large an audience to advertisers and [givers] of commerce -- whether through direct-response marketing or e-commerce -- is compelling .

Preventing Microsoft from enforcing contracts with online service providers that would restrict the providers from also offering their customers alternative browsers .
preventing microsoft from enforcing contracts with online service [givers] that would restrict the [givers] from also offering their customers alternative browsers .

McDonald acquired control of the Harlem facility , widely considered one of the most dangerous and disorganized in the city , when the city turned over the shelter system to nonprofit providers .
mcdonald acquired control of the harlem facility , widely considered one of the most dangerous and disorganized in the city , when the city turned over the shelter system to nonprofit [givers] .

Some , such as Kate O'Beirne ( Capital Gang ) argue that Republicans reined in the Clinton administration 's spending requests , kept Social Security funds intact , and prevented the subsidization of international abortion providers through the United Nations .
some , such as kate o'beirne ( capital gang ) argue that republicans reined in the clinton administration 's spending requests , kept social security funds intact , and prevented the subsidization of international abortion [givers] through the united nations .

To approach humanitarian aid from the perspective of a few of its providers , try the U.S. Agency for International Development 's home page , CARE 's site , or ReliefNet , `` a non-profit organization dedicated to helping humanitarian organizations raise global awareness and encourage support for relief efforts via the Internet . ''
to approach humanitarian aid from the perspective of a few of its [givers] , try the u.s. agency for international development 's home page , care 's site , or reliefnet , `` a non-profit organization dedicated to helping humanitarian organizations raise global awareness and encourage support for relief efforts via the internet . ''

She spoke with the consultants , child-care providers , and psychologists new to the payroll of a business that had lately converted to the `` Total Quality '' philosophy .
she spoke with the consultants , child-care [givers] , and psychologists new to the payroll of a business that had lately converted to the `` total quality '' philosophy .

This is a nice thing for `` content providers '' to hear .
this is a nice thing for `` content [givers] '' to hear .

Even there , consumers happily leap from plan to plan , and bargain with long-distance providers to cut special deals .
even there , consumers happily leap from plan to plan , and bargain with long-distance [givers] to cut special deals .

AOL will now be one of the country 's key cable providers , which means that it can position itself as a dominant player in the high-speed-cable-modem world .
aol will now be one of the country 's key cable [givers] , which means that it can position itself as a dominant player in the high-speed-cable-modem world .

Larry Lessig , the legal scholar enlisted by the court to sort out the case , is an expert on subtle methods by which software providers can steer consumer choices .
larry lessig , the legal scholar enlisted by the court to sort out the case , is an expert on subtle methods by which software [givers] can steer consumer choices .

Nme/tenet 's `` bounty hunters '' show how far care providers may be willing to go .
nme/tenet 's `` bounty hunters '' show how far care [givers] may be willing to go .

The bad news crushed these stocks , but much of the money that left Intel and Compaq immediately flooded into companies such as Yahoo ! , Amazon.com , and myriad other search engines , online retailers , and Internet access providers whose listings now dot NASDAQ .
the bad news crushed these stocks , but much of the money that left intel and compaq immediately flooded into companies such as yahoo ! , amazon.com , and myriad other search engines , online retailers , and internet access [givers] whose listings now dot nasdaq .

Finally , there are the Internet access providers , which is to say , America Online and everybody else .
finally , there are the internet access [givers] , which is to say , america online and everybody else .

To put it a different way , Amazon.com , Yahoo ! , and AOL , which have established tremendous brand recognition and clear business models , have more in common with each other than Amazon.com does with other online retailers or AOL with other access providers .
to put it a different way , amazon.com , yahoo ! , and aol , which have established tremendous brand recognition and clear business models , have more in common with each other than amazon.com does with other online retailers or aol with other access [givers] .

HMOs are the most restrictive plans , only covering patients who see their specified care providers .
hmos are the most restrictive plans , only covering patients who see their specified care [givers] .

Medical costs , at least at the health-care providers with whom Aetna deals , have been rising , but since Aetna was n't paying its bills , it was n't able to figure that out until recently .
medical costs , at least at the health-care [givers] with whom aetna deals , have been rising , but since aetna was n't paying its bills , it was n't able to figure that out until recently .

The company is now hiring back a hundred or so claims agents to speed up processing , but it remains unclear how much long-term damage was done , in terms of alienated clients and health-care providers and of the months that Aetna has spent essentially flying blind .
the company is now hiring back a hundred or so claims agents to speed up processing , but it remains unclear how much long-term damage was done , in terms of alienated clients and health-care [givers] and of the months that aetna has spent essentially flying blind .

If you research Internet access providers , you 'll discover why : No company that matches EarthLink 's network of nationwide access points beats its price .
if you research internet access [givers] , you 'll discover why : no company that matches earthlink 's network of nationwide access points beats its price .

Like the GOP plan , Clinton wanted to take a big chunk of savings from Medicare providers -- doctors and hospitals -- by cutting back payments to them .
like the gop plan , clinton wanted to take a big chunk of savings from medicare [givers] -- doctors and hospitals -- by cutting back payments to them .

In November 1995 , at the start of Congress ' battle over so-called `` partial-birth abortions , '' Fitzsimmons , the executive director of the National Coalition of Abortion Providers , went on Nightline to argue against a ban .
in november 1995 , at the start of congress ' battle over so-called `` partial-birth abortions , '' fitzsimmons , the executive director of the national coalition of abortion [givers] , went on nightline to argue against a ban .

It cross-references its voter information with data collected by portals , Web sites , and Internet service providers .
it cross-references its voter information with data collected by portals , web sites , and internet service [givers] .

Most favor forgoing federal regulation at this time in favor of allowing the marketplace to ensure that consumers have a choice of Internet service providers for high-speed Internet services .
most favor forgoing federal regulation at this time in favor of allowing the marketplace to ensure that consumers have a choice of internet service [givers] for high-speed internet services .

The drafters of the law expected these provisions to leave the Baby Bells facing a variety of competitors : wireless services , small startup local service providers , cable and utility companies ( who own valuable rights of way ) , other Baby Bells -- and , perhaps most importantly , long-distance companies such as AT & T .
the drafters of the law expected these provisions to leave the baby bells facing a variety of competitors : wireless services , small startup local service [givers] , cable and utility companies ( who own valuable rights of way ) , other baby bells -- and , perhaps most importantly , long-distance companies such as at & t .

In May the FCC rolled out a universal service plan , which included discounted Internet hookups for schools and libraries , to be funded by charges on all interstate telecommunications providers .
in may the fcc rolled out a universal service plan , which included discounted internet hookups for schools and libraries , to be funded by charges on all interstate telecommunications [givers] .

The cable companies are facing some increased competition from direct-broadcast satellite providers , but they have maintained their grip .
the cable companies are facing some increased competition from direct-broadcast satellite [givers] , but they have maintained their grip .

Ironically , price competition has emerged most robustly among businesses not addressed by the new law , such as DBS , cellular phone , and Internet service providers .
ironically , price competition has emerged most robustly among businesses not addressed by the new law , such as dbs , cellular phone , and internet service [givers] .

The Internet industry ( made up of Internet service providers and online service providers along with companies that do business over the Internet ) is no exception .
the internet industry ( made up of internet service [givers] and online service [givers] along with companies that do business over the internet ) is no exception .

Major online retailers and service providers , however , recognize that there is no case for exempting Internet sales and , perhaps , services from the same tax laws that apply to offline commerce .
major online retailers and service [givers] , however , recognize that there is no case for exempting internet sales and , perhaps , services from the same tax laws that apply to offline commerce .

Most online service providers operate Point-of-Presence ( POP ) locations that allow subscribers to log on to the Internet using a local phone number .
most online service [givers] operate point-of-presence ( pop ) locations that allow subscribers to log on to the internet using a local phone number .

Even if states can win the nexus argument in court , Internet providers are likely to flee to more tax-friendly jurisdictions , thus forcing ( angry ) subscribers to incur long-distance phone charges for online access .
even if states can win the nexus argument in court , internet [givers] are likely to flee to more tax-friendly jurisdictions , thus forcing ( angry ) subscribers to incur long-distance phone charges for online access .

Officials in Fort Collins , Colo. , decided last year that Internet providers were subject to a city sales tax on telephone service and that subscribers would have to pay a 3 percent sales tax on top of their monthly access fee .
officials in fort collins , colo. , decided last year that internet [givers] were subject to a city sales tax on telephone service and that subscribers would have to pay a 3 percent sales tax on top of their monthly access fee .

The industry argues that it is not comparable to the ( heavily taxed ) telecommunications industry , and that such efforts result in double taxation -- since service providers already pay taxes on phone-line usage -- as well as for Internet vendors .
the industry argues that it is not comparable to the ( heavily taxed ) telecommunications industry , and that such efforts result in double taxation -- since service [givers] already pay taxes on phone-line usage -- as well as for internet vendors .

Telecommunications companies , computer companies , and Internet service providers ( ISPs ) built , own , and operate all the phone lines and computer networks that comprise the Net .
telecommunications companies , computer companies , and internet service [givers] ( isps ) built , own , and operate all the phone lines and computer networks that comprise the net .

These multiple interests may result in barriers for US providers attempting to enter certain national markets . ''
these multiple interests may result in barriers for us [givers] attempting to enter certain national markets . ''

The New York Times leads with a story about how managed care health providers in California , who now cover more than half the state 's population , face a state government review and many possible legislative reforms , all arising from widespread patient dissatisfaction with their rules .
the new york times leads with a story about how managed care health [givers] in california , who now cover more than half the state 's population , face a state government review and many possible legislative reforms , all arising from widespread patient dissatisfaction with their rules .

The New York Times saves its top right for the first-ever comprehensive Medicare audit , which reveals that `` the government overpaid hospitals , doctors and other health care providers last year by $ 23 billion , or 14 percent of all the money spent in the standard Medicare program . ''
the new york times saves its top right for the first-ever comprehensive medicare audit , which reveals that `` the government overpaid hospitals , doctors and other health care [givers] last year by $ 23 billion , or 14 percent of all the money spent in the standard medicare program . ''

For a fixed period of time -- say two years -- he can use the voucher to seek out education , job training , drug treatment , or other services from state-selected providers .
for a fixed period of time -- say two years -- he can use the voucher to seek out education , job training , drug treatment , or other services from state-selected [givers] .

USA Today leads with a Portland , Oregon jury 's award of $ 107 million to four abortion doctors it found were threatened by anti-abortion activists ' `` Wanted '' posters of abortion providers and by their web site comparing such doctors to Nazi war criminals .
usa today leads with a portland , oregon jury 's award of $ 107 million to four abortion doctors it found were threatened by anti-abortion activists ' `` wanted '' posters of abortion [givers] and by their web site comparing such doctors to nazi war criminals .

The New York Times lead describes the easy end run that insurance providers have found around the legally mandated minimum coverage for mental illness .
the new york times lead describes the easy end run that insurance [givers] have found around the legally mandated minimum coverage for mental illness .

Providers and employers simply mete out treatments in non-monetary denominations , like number of visits and days in the hospital .
[givers] and employers simply mete out treatments in non-monetary denominations , like number of visits and days in the hospital .

The man was caught with the assistance of the Internet providers involved , which included AOL and Hotmail .
the man was caught with the assistance of the internet [givers] involved , which included aol and hotmail .

The NYT and LAT fronts report that Planned Parenthood and several doctors have brought a private federal civil suit against the proprietors of an anti-abortion Web site that suggests abortion providers are like Nazis and groups the names and faces of some doctors providing the procedure on a Wanted Poster-style list it calls the `` Deadly Dozen . ''
the nyt and lat fronts report that planned parenthood and several doctors have brought a private federal civil suit against the proprietors of an anti-abortion web site that suggests abortion [givers] are like nazis and groups the names and faces of some doctors providing the procedure on a wanted poster-style list it calls the `` deadly dozen . ''

This is the first such lawsuit brought under the 1994 federal law that prohibits force or threats of force against abortion clients and providers , and the first to wrestle with what exactly on a Web site constitutes an illegal threat .
this is the first such lawsuit brought under the 1994 federal law that prohibits force or threats of force against abortion clients and [givers] , and the first to wrestle with what exactly on a web site constitutes an illegal threat .

