Cotten construed this as a veiled effort by Parkhouse to help Dallas and other large cities get money which Cotten felt could better be spent providing water for rural Texas .
cotten construed this as a veiled effort by parkhouse to help dallas and other large cities get money which cotten felt could better be spent [giving] water for rural texas .

The President noted that Congress last year passed a law providing grants to states to help pay medical bills of the needy aged .
the president noted that congress last year passed a law [giving] grants to states to help pay medical bills of the needy aged .

Barnard , who pleaded no defense to manslaughter and hit-run charges , was fined $500 by Judge Warren K. Hess , and placed on two years' probation providing he does not drive during that time .
barnard , who pleaded no defense to manslaughter and hit-run charges , was fined $500 by judge warren k. hess , and placed on two years' probation [giving] he does not drive during that time .

This rule providing for a blackout of televised baseball 30 minutes before the start of a major or minor league game in any area comes from the game's top rulers .
this rule [giving] for a blackout of televised baseball 30 minutes before the start of a major or minor league game in any area comes from the game's top rulers .

For the young child this may be no more than providing food , light or movement .
for the young child this may be no more than [giving] food , light or movement .

As he grows older it may be a matter of providing some accustomed object ( his `` magic '' thing ) .
as he grows older it may be a matter of [giving] some accustomed object ( his `` magic '' thing ) .

The Illinois Commission for Handicapped Children , which for 20 years has had the responsibility of coordinating the services of tax supported and voluntary organizations serving handicapped children , of studying the needs of handicapped children in Illinois , and of promoting more adequate services for them , indeed welcomes this new important resource which will help the people of Illinois toward the goal of providing an education for all of its children .
the illinois commission for handicapped children , which for 20 years has had the responsibility of coordinating the services of tax supported and voluntary organizations serving handicapped children , of studying the needs of handicapped children in illinois , and of promoting more adequate services for them , indeed welcomes this new important resource which will help the people of illinois toward the goal of [giving] an education for all of its children .

It seems rather peculiar that residents of apartments are denied the right of providing themselves with the protection and companionship of dogs .
it seems rather peculiar that residents of apartments are denied the right of [giving] themselves with the protection and companionship of dogs .

Just a brief note of appreciation to Vice President Johnson and Pakistani camel driver Bashir Ahmad for providing a first-class example of `` people to people '' good will .
just a brief note of appreciation to vice president johnson and pakistani camel driver bashir ahmad for [giving] a first-class example of `` people to people '' good will .

So Enright's courting of the mettlesome Ellen is impeded considerably , thereby providing the tale which is told .
so enright's courting of the mettlesome ellen is impeded considerably , thereby [giving] the tale which is told .

The American Constitution was historic at this point in providing that `` Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof '' .
the american constitution was historic at this point in [giving] that `` congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof '' .

Squat-style lifters and leg-split lifters would both benefit enormously by practicing those variations providing that they remember to make alternate sets with the left and right leg to the front .
squat-style lifters and leg-split lifters would both benefit enormously by practicing those variations [giving] that they remember to make alternate sets with the left and right leg to the front .

Developed as a result of the multi-purpose resources control program of the government , vast , man-made bodies of water represent a kind of glorious fringe benefit , providing boating and fishing havens all over the country .
developed as a result of the multi-purpose resources control program of the government , vast , man-made bodies of water represent a kind of glorious fringe benefit , [giving] boating and fishing havens all over the country .

Providing these means are about ninety companies which manufactured the estimated 1,800,000 boat trailers now in use .
[giving] these means are about ninety companies which manufactured the estimated 1,800,000 boat trailers now in use .

New England deserves as much of your vacation time as you can afford with such areas as Cape Cod providing wonderful beaches , artists' colonies and quaint townships .
new england deserves as much of your vacation time as you can afford with such areas as cape cod [giving] wonderful beaches , artists' colonies and quaint townships .

Once on the water , these little visitors seldom leave , and this adds to your filtering and vacuuming problems as well as providing a slapping good time for all those present .
once on the water , these little visitors seldom leave , and this adds to your filtering and vacuuming problems as well as [giving] a slapping good time for all those present .

Figure the cost of providing water to the use areas .
figure the cost of [giving] water to the use areas .

With a large and circumspect 20th-Century technique , he wove the materials of national heroes and events , national folklore and children's fairy tales -- Slavic dances and love songs -- into a solid musical literature which served his people well , and is providing much enjoyment to the World at large .
with a large and circumspect 20th-century technique , he wove the materials of national heroes and events , national folklore and children's fairy tales -- slavic dances and love songs -- into a solid musical literature which served his people well , and is [giving] much enjoyment to the world at large .

The frequency used for these experiments is 15 mc. and the transducer is a specially cut crystal with an epoxy lens capable of providing beam diameters smaller than one millimeter .
the frequency used for these experiments is 15 mc. and the transducer is a specially cut crystal with an epoxy lens capable of [giving] beam diameters smaller than one millimeter .

For cows , feed providing an intake of 0.1 milligram of Aureomycin per pound of body weight daily aids in the reduction of bacterial diarrhea , in the prevention of foot rot , and in the reduction of losses due to respiratory infection ( infectious rhinotracheitis -- shipping fever complex ) .
for cows , feed [giving] an intake of 0.1 milligram of aureomycin per pound of body weight daily aids in the reduction of bacterial diarrhea , in the prevention of foot rot , and in the reduction of losses due to respiratory infection ( infectious rhinotracheitis -- shipping fever complex ) .

Providing good customer service requires as thorough a marketing and general management planning job as the original selling of the product .
[giving] good customer service requires as thorough a marketing and general management planning job as the original selling of the product .

Has your company developed selection and training processes that are geared to providing the caliber of salesmen you will need in the next 10 yrs. ? ?
has your company developed selection and training processes that are geared to [giving] the caliber of salesmen you will need in the next 10 yrs. ? ?

You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year .
you might try [giving] standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year .

To him this means caring for the whole child , providing basic nutrition , and a spiritual attitude that lends freedom for the development of the mind .
to him this means caring for the whole child , [giving] basic nutrition , and a spiritual attitude that lends freedom for the development of the mind .

The first major change was that of providing wholewheat bread instead of white bread .
the first major change was that of [giving] wholewheat bread instead of white bread .

Under the excitement of caresses and sexual stimulation the vagina relaxes and dilates and the local moisture greatly increases , providing an excellent lubricant to help achieve an easier penetration .
under the excitement of caresses and sexual stimulation the vagina relaxes and dilates and the local moisture greatly increases , [giving] an excellent lubricant to help achieve an easier penetration .

but if providing higher standards of living gets in the way of producing sufficient guns to resist Communist aggression , then material sacrifices and denials will have to be made .
but if [giving] higher standards of living gets in the way of producing sufficient guns to resist communist aggression , then material sacrifices and denials will have to be made .

When he had the mishap of breaking his spectacles , his ecumenical colleagues insisted on providing him with new ones .
when he had the mishap of breaking his spectacles , his ecumenical colleagues insisted on [giving] him with new ones .

At one time it seemed as if the Soviet Union had done us a favor by providing a striking example of how not to behave towards other peoples and other nations .
at one time it seemed as if the soviet union had done us a favor by [giving] a striking example of how not to behave towards other peoples and other nations .

More likely , you simply told yourself , as you handed us the book , that it mattered little what we incanted providing we underwent the discipline of incantation .
more likely , you simply told yourself , as you handed us the book , that it mattered little what we incanted [giving] we underwent the discipline of incantation .

No longer is the United States the only major industrial country capable of providing substantial amounts of the resources so urgently needed in the newly developed countries .
no longer is the united states the only major industrial country capable of [giving] substantial amounts of the resources so urgently needed in the newly developed countries .

Both Secretary of War Baker and Secretary of Navy Daniels devoted much time and effort to the problem of providing reasonably normal and wholesome activities in camp for the millions of men who had been removed from their home environment .
both secretary of war baker and secretary of navy daniels devoted much time and effort to the problem of [giving] reasonably normal and wholesome activities in camp for the millions of men who had been removed from their home environment .

But that scarcely means that he was the aloof , forbidding type of student who shared few if any activities with his fellows , the banter of the surviving prolusions providing enough evidence to deny this .
but that scarcely means that he was the aloof , forbidding type of student who shared few if any activities with his fellows , the banter of the surviving prolusions [giving] enough evidence to deny this .

With destructive tensions and pressures removed men have the vigor and energy to construct a new human life -- rebuilding entire cities , expanding facilities for entertainment , providing unlimited opportunities for education -- indeed , for the first time giving everyone the chance to employ his talents to the fullest .
with destructive tensions and pressures removed men have the vigor and energy to construct a new human life -- rebuilding entire cities , expanding facilities for entertainment , [giving] unlimited opportunities for education -- indeed , for the first time giving everyone the chance to employ his talents to the fullest .

SBA makes loans to individual small business firms , providing them with financing when it is not otherwise available through private lending sources on reasonable terms .
sba makes loans to individual small business firms , [giving] them with financing when it is not otherwise available through private lending sources on reasonable terms .

It also includes providing for the training of nationals to operate projects after they are completed .
it also includes [giving] for the training of nationals to operate projects after they are completed .

Providing an incentive
[giving] an incentive

Using privately-owned vehicles was a personal hardship for such employees , and the matter of providing state transportation was felt perfectly justifiable .
using privately-owned vehicles was a personal hardship for such employees , and the matter of [giving] state transportation was felt perfectly justifiable .

Recent events -- particularly the necessity of providing planning information for the statewide origin/destination study of the Department of Public Works -- indicate that this schedule will have to be accelerated .
recent events -- particularly the necessity of [giving] planning information for the statewide origin/destination study of the department of public works -- indicate that this schedule will have to be accelerated .

Under P. L. 113 , 78th Congress , the Federal Government assumed responsibility for 100% of necessary State expenditures in connection with administration and the counseling and placement of the disabled , and for 50% of the necessary costs of providing clients with rehabilitation case services .
under p. l. 113 , 78th congress , the federal government assumed responsibility for 100% of necessary state expenditures in connection with administration and the counseling and placement of the disabled , and for 50% of the necessary costs of [giving] clients with rehabilitation case services .

The 1954 Amendments completely changed the financing of the vocational rehabilitation program , providing for a three-part grant structure -- for ( 1 ) basic support ; ;
the 1954 amendments completely changed the financing of the vocational rehabilitation program , [giving] for a three-part grant structure -- for ( 1 ) basic support ; ;

The 1958 military pay act departed from this established formula by providing for a 6% increase rather than a proportionate increase for everyone retired prior to its effective date of June 1 , 1958 .
the 1958 military pay act departed from this established formula by [giving] for a 6% increase rather than a proportionate increase for everyone retired prior to its effective date of june 1 , 1958 .

The task of providing a reasonable level of military strength , without endangering other vital aspects of our security , is greatly complicated by the swift pace of scientific progress .
the task of [giving] a reasonable level of military strength , without endangering other vital aspects of our security , is greatly complicated by the swift pace of scientific progress .

The two Governments agree that the issuance of purchase authorizations for wheat and rice providing for purchase after June 30 , 1961 , shall be dependent upon the determination by the United States Government that these commodities are in surplus supply and available under Title 1 , of the Act at that time .
the two governments agree that the issuance of purchase authorizations for wheat and rice [giving] for purchase after june 30 , 1961 , shall be dependent upon the determination by the united states government that these commodities are in surplus supply and available under title 1 , of the act at that time .

the Carleton Student Association includes all students in college and is intended `` to work for the betterment of Carleton College by providing student government and student participation with the college administration in the formulation and execution of policies which pertain to student life and activities '' .
the carleton student association includes all students in college and is intended `` to work for the betterment of carleton college by [giving] student government and student participation with the college administration in the formulation and execution of policies which pertain to student life and activities '' .

To reduce heat transfer from the hot gas to this anode holder outside the regime of the arc , a carbon shield was attached to the surface providing an air gap of 1/16 inch between the plate and the surface of the anode holder .
to reduce heat transfer from the hot gas to this anode holder outside the regime of the arc , a carbon shield was attached to the surface [giving] an air gap of 1/16 inch between the plate and the surface of the anode holder .

In providing for these inner individual functions , religion undertakes in behalf of individual peace of mind and well-being services for which there is no other institution .
in [giving] for these inner individual functions , religion undertakes in behalf of individual peace of mind and well-being services for which there is no other institution .

Even the states remain primarily in an assisting role , providing leadership and teacher training .
even the states remain primarily in an assisting role , [giving] leadership and teacher training .

For example , suppose another excess profits tax similar to prior laws is enacted , providing for carryover of excess profits credits .
for example , suppose another excess profits tax similar to prior laws is enacted , [giving] for carryover of excess profits credits .

These specialists perform valuable services by helping teachers learn to identify children who need special attention , by suggesting ways of meeting the needs of individual children in the regular classroom , and by providing clinical services for severely maladjusted children .
these specialists perform valuable services by helping teachers learn to identify children who need special attention , by suggesting ways of meeting the needs of individual children in the regular classroom , and by [giving] clinical services for severely maladjusted children .

Less ambitious freeway plans may be more successful -- especially when the roadways and interchanges are raised , allowing for cross access at many points and providing parking areas below the ramp .
less ambitious freeway plans may be more successful -- especially when the roadways and interchanges are raised , allowing for cross access at many points and [giving] parking areas below the ramp .

Costaggini said it was Brumidi's fault in not providing enough material to fill the circle .
costaggini said it was brumidi's fault in not [giving] enough material to fill the circle .

It appeared from the limited information available that the aerated lagoon might offer a satisfactory means of increasing the capacity of existing oxidation ponds as well as providing the same degree of treatment in a smaller volume .
it appeared from the limited information available that the aerated lagoon might offer a satisfactory means of increasing the capacity of existing oxidation ponds as well as [giving] the same degree of treatment in a smaller volume .

With the development of the Red Bridge Subdivision south of Kansas City , Missouri , the developer was faced with the problem of providing adequate sewage disposal .
with the development of the red bridge subdivision south of kansas city , missouri , the developer was faced with the problem of [giving] adequate sewage disposal .

Therefore the second principle of the plan must be that , while providing for all-out hostilities , its effectiveness is not dependent on general war .
therefore the second principle of the plan must be that , while [giving] for all-out hostilities , its effectiveness is not dependent on general war .

For them , providing appetizing food under battle or emergency conditions is a paramount consideration .
for them , [giving] appetizing food under battle or emergency conditions is a paramount consideration .

They had cleaned up an old ice box and begun to buy fifty-pound blocks of ice in town , as the electric refrigerator came nowhere near providing enough ice for the crowds who ate and drank there .
they had cleaned up an old ice box and begun to buy fifty-pound blocks of ice in town , as the electric refrigerator came nowhere near [giving] enough ice for the crowds who ate and drank there .

A man had to have his release -- at least that's what the boys used to say in high school -- and I wasn't providing it for Johnnie .
a man had to have his release -- at least that's what the boys used to say in high school -- and i wasn't [giving] it for johnnie .

The cake was received in a stunned silence that was evidence in itself of the dearth of taste thrills Mama had been providing .
the cake was received in a stunned silence that was evidence in itself of the dearth of taste thrills mama had been [giving] .

Critics fear tomorrows changes in community care will mean some councils cope better than others in providing a service , so more people will slip through the net .
critics fear tomorrows changes in community care will mean some councils cope better than others in [giving] a service , so more people will slip through the net .

And they 've just won a tourist award for providing some of the best accomodation in the area .
and they 've just won a tourist award for [giving] some of the best accomodation in the area .

Most of it will be spent providing hospital accommodation for parents who want to stay with their sick children .
most of it will be spent [giving] hospital accommodation for parents who want to stay with their sick children .

He says in other parts of the world and in other parts of Sudan , the charity has been able to resettle refugees by providing land , tools , seeds and rudimentary housing and they can fend for themselves .
he says in other parts of the world and in other parts of sudan , the charity has been able to resettle refugees by [giving] land , tools , seeds and rudimentary housing and they can fend for themselves .

The prison that 's providing a real pick-me-up .
the prison that 's [giving] a real pick-me-up .

The police have also come in for critisism — for not providing enough officers .
the police have also come in for critisism — for not [giving] enough officers .

Providing the exact nutrients ; protecting against infection and allergies ; cheap and convenient ; helps women lose weight after the birth and it 's also a factor in reducing chances of cot death .
[giving] the exact nutrients ; protecting against infection and allergies ; cheap and convenient ; helps women lose weight after the birth and it 's also a factor in reducing chances of cot death .

Sir Robin and Judy Laybourne will be providing news and analysis of the region 's political scene .
sir robin and judy laybourne will be [giving] news and analysis of the region 's political scene .

We 'd been providing cover for the convoy , when a vehicle went over a land mine .
we 'd been [giving] cover for the convoy , when a vehicle went over a land mine .

He says burning was an easy way of getting rid of straw — it meant that after harvest , providing you followed the rules , all you did was put a match to it and in 10 minutes your field was burned .
he says burning was an easy way of getting rid of straw — it meant that after harvest , [giving] you followed the rules , all you did was put a match to it and in 10 minutes your field was burned .

Elsewhere prisoners have restored a range of vintage farm machinery … this is strictly for show … but the prison horse is kept busy carrying hay.Leyhill earns its keep by providing food for jails throughout the south west … these glasshouses produce eight tons of tomatoes a week.Plants for displays at other prisons are also propagated under glass , together with the half a million bedding plants for use at Leyhill and elsewhere .
elsewhere prisoners have restored a range of vintage farm machinery … this is strictly for show … but the prison horse is kept busy carrying hay.leyhill earns its keep by [giving] food for jails throughout the south west … these glasshouses produce eight tons of tomatoes a week.plants for displays at other prisons are also propagated under glass , together with the half a million bedding plants for use at leyhill and elsewhere .

But there are no plans for the houses , many fear they 'll just remain a boarded-up eyesore instead of providing much-needed accomodation .
but there are no plans for the houses , many fear they 'll just remain a boarded-up eyesore instead of [giving] much-needed accomodation .

In a statement the department of transport says : ’ It 's a complex repair operation , but engineers are working round the clock and hope to have the bridge at least partially opened by early April , providing they do n't encounter any major problems . ’
in a statement the department of transport says : ’ it 's a complex repair operation , but engineers are working round the clock and hope to have the bridge at least partially opened by early april , [giving] they do n't encounter any major problems . ’

The chemists say they were promised that they 'd be paid for providing the service , but so far they have n't seen a penny .
the chemists say they were promised that they 'd be paid for [giving] the service , but so far they have n't seen a penny .

Group 4 says it 's providing a badly needed service .
group 4 says it 's [giving] a badly needed service .

From April 1st , the responsibility for providing support will be transferred to local councils .
from april 1st , the responsibility for [giving] support will be transferred to local councils .

From April the first , the responsibility for providing that care moves from health authorities to local councils .
from april the first , the responsibility for [giving] that care moves from health authorities to local councils .

World Vision Director , Charles Clayton says the urgent need is to assist with providing food and shelter .
world vision director , charles clayton says the urgent need is to assist with [giving] food and shelter .

We 'll be providing subtitles on our main news programme at 6.25 each evening .
we 'll be [giving] subtitles on our main news programme at 6.25 each evening .

The followers say the exhiliration and the spectacle of horse and hounds is a vital part of country life , providing jobs and helping with the management of the countryside .
the followers say the exhiliration and the spectacle of horse and hounds is a vital part of country life , [giving] jobs and helping with the management of the countryside .

Restore Ltd is a charity in Oxford providing disabled people with training and work experience .
restore ltd is a charity in oxford [giving] disabled people with training and work experience .

The worst affected area was Middleton Road where residents blame the Cherwell District Council for not providing adequate drainage .
the worst affected area was middleton road where residents blame the cherwell district council for not [giving] adequate drainage .

Cos it 's providing a service .
cos it 's [giving] a service .

Yeah , sir , you know you said the house builders are secondary if they 're making something , they 're also providing a service though are n't they ?
yeah , sir , you know you said the house builders are secondary if they 're making something , they 're also [giving] a service though are n't they ?

who , for example , who makes medicine yeah ? He 's in the manufacturing industry but they 're providing a service . Yeah ?
who , for example , who makes medicine yeah ? he 's in the manufacturing industry but they 're [giving] a service . yeah ?

‘ The Singing Kettle ’ are Cilla Fisher and Artie Trezise , who alternate as lead vocalist , with Gary Coupland providing exciting accompaniment on accordion , keyboards , trombone and saxophone .
‘ the singing kettle ’ are cilla fisher and artie trezise , who alternate as lead vocalist , with gary coupland [giving] exciting accompaniment on accordion , keyboards , trombone and saxophone .

Er , providing
er , [giving]

take something along there and they will value it free of charge providing you 've got a copy of the Express !
take something along there and they will value it free of charge [giving] you 've got a copy of the express !

You can just go to the other one here providing they can now just go back again and go and ge and get
you can just go to the other one here [giving] they can now just go back again and go and ge and get

They providing the batteries as well are they ?
they [giving] the batteries as well are they ?

erm , erm normally they start at one thirty and they can go up to about three or four pound a great big tub . We went in and we paid seven pounds for me and my mum to get in , we did n't pay for the kids cos if they know they 're gon na sit on your lap , they get in there for nothing , but once we get in there we give them their own chair anyway , providing you go in like it 's not in the first week , the following week when the show is quieter and not so many people going
erm , erm normally they start at one thirty and they can go up to about three or four pound a great big tub . we went in and we paid seven pounds for me and my mum to get in , we did n't pay for the kids cos if they know they 're gon na sit on your lap , they get in there for nothing , but once we get in there we give them their own chair anyway , [giving] you go in like it 's not in the first week , the following week when the show is quieter and not so many people going

but it , that , that 's okay providing in the winter , you have n't got some of it that 's evergreen and some of it that you , you know , then you 've got to hedge it 's
but it , that , that 's okay [giving] in the winter , you have n't got some of it that 's evergreen and some of it that you , you know , then you 've got to hedge it 's

Because they 're encouraging the people who are providing the business to go out of business .
because they 're encouraging the people who are [giving] the business to go out of business .

He said there were three er , down there canvassing for the main parties and er , well quite a lot of people there and of course rich pickings for , providing they can get anybody to stop and talk to them do n't know , they 'd drive around
he said there were three er , down there canvassing for the main parties and er , well quite a lot of people there and of course rich pickings for , [giving] they can get anybody to stop and talk to them do n't know , they 'd drive around

providing it 's not raining
[giving] it 's not raining

Because you feel obliged to them do n't you ? Providing a service .
because you feel obliged to them do n't you ? [giving] a service .

Providing you do n't put any petrol in your vehicle .
[giving] you do n't put any petrol in your vehicle .

One senior Portuguese diplomat accused South Africa and Zaire of providing large-scale military support for Unita , despite official denials from Pretoria and Kinshasa .
one senior portuguese diplomat accused south africa and zaire of [giving] large-scale military support for unita , despite official denials from pretoria and kinshasa .

We are providing medical treatment , food and water , ’ Lt-Col Smith said .
we are [giving] medical treatment , food and water , ’ lt-col smith said .

Mr Moncrieff added : ‘ Instead of providing short-term cash flow assistance to producers , the bridging fund is apparently going to provide cash flow assistance for the oil funds .
mr moncrieff added : ‘ instead of [giving] short-term cash flow assistance to producers , the bridging fund is apparently going to provide cash flow assistance for the oil funds .

The regional council gives £30 million a year in subsidies to ScotRail and is providing £150 million in capital for service improvements .
the regional council gives £30 million a year in subsidies to scotrail and is [giving] £150 million in capital for service improvements .

Activities included developing economic strategies and initiatives ; providing business support services ; improving the environment and removing barriers to economic development .
activities included developing economic strategies and initiatives ; [giving] business support services ; improving the environment and removing barriers to economic development .

The scheme is intended to improve the city 's image and deter violence , vandalism and theft It would involve 30 uniformed wardens providing a 12-hour seven-day weekly eyes-and-ears service and acting as tourist guides .
the scheme is intended to improve the city 's image and deter violence , vandalism and theft it would involve 30 uniformed wardens [giving] a 12-hour seven-day weekly eyes-and-ears service and acting as tourist guides .

The Scotsman is one of 30 such locomotives providing the InterCity 225 service on the East coast .
the scotsman is one of 30 such locomotives [giving] the intercity 225 service on the east coast .

Captain George Sutherland , director of marine operations for Shetland Island Council , said : ‘ The proposals for traffic separation should go a long way to providing protection for the adjacent coastline and we are content with the measures . ’
captain george sutherland , director of marine operations for shetland island council , said : ‘ the proposals for traffic separation should go a long way to [giving] protection for the adjacent coastline and we are content with the measures . ’

This is the teacher-as-social-worker : providing emotional support , attending case conferences , subject to physical and verbal assaults , on the lookout for signs of physical and sexual abuse , no longer able to assume standards of behaviour — and , as if incidentally , also intended to teach , with the upheaval of a new curriculum and its accompanying paperwork .
this is the teacher-as-social-worker : [giving] emotional support , attending case conferences , subject to physical and verbal assaults , on the lookout for signs of physical and sexual abuse , no longer able to assume standards of behaviour — and , as if incidentally , also intended to teach , with the upheaval of a new curriculum and its accompanying paperwork .

This can and should be done by greatly improving public transport , by providing outer city park-and-ride facilities , by increasing charges for central city parking , by preventing , much more rigorously , uncontrolled parking on major routes and near busy junctions , and perhaps by road pricing .
this can and should be done by greatly improving public transport , by [giving] outer city park-and-ride facilities , by increasing charges for central city parking , by preventing , much more rigorously , uncontrolled parking on major routes and near busy junctions , and perhaps by road pricing .

‘ When you expect a deal to happen they may tell you there has been a last minute problem and the people either providing the funds or the guarantee either require a non-performance bond to be put up or require some kind of payment up front to prove you really mean business .
‘ when you expect a deal to happen they may tell you there has been a last minute problem and the people either [giving] the funds or the guarantee either require a non-performance bond to be put up or require some kind of payment up front to prove you really mean business .

But nuclear industry officials doubt the prospects of emission targets being achieved if the present review leads to early retirement of older Magnox stations , providing about 10 per cent of electricity in England and Wales , to accommodate a more concentrated mix of coal and gas stations .
but nuclear industry officials doubt the prospects of emission targets being achieved if the present review leads to early retirement of older magnox stations , [giving] about 10 per cent of electricity in england and wales , to accommodate a more concentrated mix of coal and gas stations .

Labour had called repeatedly for an emergency employment package aimed at providing work , training , assistance with job search and paying the proper rate for the job , he said .
labour had called repeatedly for an emergency employment package aimed at [giving] work , training , assistance with job search and paying the proper rate for the job , he said .

International investment involves the added dimension of dealing in foreign currencies , providing the opportunity for additional profits .
international investment involves the added dimension of dealing in foreign currencies , [giving] the opportunity for additional profits .

Morceli says he is ‘ 80 per cent ’ confident of providing himself with the perfect 23rd birthday present by eclipsing Eamonn Coghlan 's ten-year-old mile mark of 3min 49.78sec but Norman believes other records will also tumble , with Colin Jackson in the 60m hurdles and Murray providing the British challenge .
morceli says he is ‘ 80 per cent ’ confident of [giving] himself with the perfect 23rd birthday present by eclipsing eamonn coghlan 's ten-year-old mile mark of 3min 49.78sec but norman believes other records will also tumble , with colin jackson in the 60m hurdles and murray [giving] the british challenge .

The benefit is based on the engine size of the car , providing it costs less than £19,250 , and on the business mileage .
the benefit is based on the engine size of the car , [giving] it costs less than £19,250 , and on the business mileage .

In a surprise move , Devonport Management disclosed details of a scheme to create an oil tanker refitting facility at Rosyth providing more than 1,000 jobs .
in a surprise move , devonport management disclosed details of a scheme to create an oil tanker refitting facility at rosyth [giving] more than 1,000 jobs .

The sitters can spend time , day or night , with the patient , providing care and companionship .
the sitters can spend time , day or night , with the patient , [giving] care and companionship .

They said the plans would clear up a derelict site , while providing a new community with its own character , which would relieve pressure on housing in surrounding villages .
they said the plans would clear up a derelict site , while [giving] a new community with its own character , which would relieve pressure on housing in surrounding villages .

On Wednesday the county schools subcommittee will be recommended to consider providing 52 nursery places in an extension at Springfield Primary School .
on wednesday the county schools subcommittee will be recommended to consider [giving] 52 nursery places in an extension at springfield primary school .

Skinnergate faces two choices : it either declines into a traffic-filled street of second-rate shops or it cleans itself up , providing an open air alternative to the Cornmill 's enclosed space .
skinnergate faces two choices : it either declines into a traffic-filled street of second-rate shops or it cleans itself up , [giving] an open air alternative to the cornmill 's enclosed space .

The latest developer claims to have carried out extensive research into the feasibility of providing medical treatment in Darlington .
the latest developer claims to have carried out extensive research into the feasibility of [giving] medical treatment in darlington .

We believe we are close to this point and we are working with the Ministry of Defence to obtain true value for money by providing a secure future workload .
we believe we are close to this point and we are working with the ministry of defence to obtain true value for money by [giving] a secure future workload .

She added : ‘ This purchase of coal from Monktonhall emphasises our well-documented policy of choosing Scottish coal , providing the price is competitive and the quality is acceptable to the company . ’
she added : ‘ this purchase of coal from monktonhall emphasises our well-documented policy of choosing scottish coal , [giving] the price is competitive and the quality is acceptable to the company . ’

Announcing the move in a Commons written reply , yesterday the Armed Forces Minister , Archie Hamilton , said : ‘ The organisation of army bands has been reviewed in order to ensure that the right numbers of bandsmen , providing music to the high standard expected , are employed in proportion to the army 's total size , and that the important contribution that bands make to the regimental system is retained . ’
announcing the move in a commons written reply , yesterday the armed forces minister , archie hamilton , said : ‘ the organisation of army bands has been reviewed in order to ensure that the right numbers of bandsmen , [giving] music to the high standard expected , are employed in proportion to the army 's total size , and that the important contribution that bands make to the regimental system is retained . ’

It will continue to grow on the patriot 's lapel and can even be transferred to a pot , ‘ providing very good value for money ’ , the promoters boast .
it will continue to grow on the patriot 's lapel and can even be transferred to a pot , ‘ [giving] very good value for money ’ , the promoters boast .

She said it was a Budget for jobs , providing 100,000 additional training and employment opportunities at a cost of £230 million .
she said it was a budget for jobs , [giving] 100,000 additional training and employment opportunities at a cost of £230 million .

The Queen paused briefly to chat with children from the base as she made her way to view a specially prepared static display of the Corps ' role in providing technical and logistical support to the army .
the queen paused briefly to chat with children from the base as she made her way to view a specially prepared static display of the corps ' role in [giving] technical and logistical support to the army .

‘ The cost is well-spent in the overall context of the Trident programme , and in providing the security that the Trident programme does for the nation .
‘ the cost is well-spent in the overall context of the trident programme , and in [giving] the security that the trident programme does for the nation .

Parents argued they want to keep their school at its 60-pupil size , providing ‘ old-fashioned education with the three Rs and prayers in the morning ’ .
parents argued they want to keep their school at its 60-pupil size , [giving] ‘ old-fashioned education with the three rs and prayers in the morning ’ .

Although the alarms looked inexpensive , there were concerns that providing them would saddle landlords with ongoing maintenance costs .
although the alarms looked inexpensive , there were concerns that [giving] them would saddle landlords with ongoing maintenance costs .

He pointed out that a government-funded voluntary organisation , the Inverclyde Home Safety Group , was providing smoke alarms in some of the district 's more deprived areas .
he pointed out that a government-funded voluntary organisation , the inverclyde home safety group , was [giving] smoke alarms in some of the district 's more deprived areas .

Dr James said he did not know if Tayside Health Board is to continue providing money for treatment .
dr james said he did not know if tayside health board is to continue [giving] money for treatment .

Accommodation is particularly generous for this type of car with the possibility of carrying two teenagers for short to medium distance providing the front seat occupants are not too tall .
accommodation is particularly generous for this type of car with the possibility of carrying two teenagers for short to medium distance [giving] the front seat occupants are not too tall .

It is aimed at providing a common standard for all training providers , including the 22 local enterprise companies , 45 further education colleges and more than 1,500 other training organisations .
it is aimed at [giving] a common standard for all training providers , including the 22 local enterprise companies , 45 further education colleges and more than 1,500 other training organisations .

The first relates to providing for any children of the marriage and the second allows for a temporary income to be given to either partner who is likely to suffer immediate hardship — this support may last for up to three years .
the first relates to [giving] for any children of the marriage and the second allows for a temporary income to be given to either partner who is likely to suffer immediate hardship — this support may last for up to three years .

The benefits of contracting out at younger ages stem from the fact that the flat-rate rebate is based on an average of the costs of providing benefits for all age groups .
the benefits of contracting out at younger ages stem from the fact that the flat-rate rebate is based on an average of the costs of [giving] benefits for all age groups .

Those services include self-employed people providing labour-only , for example , holiday-relief milking .
those services include self-employed people [giving] labour-only , for example , holiday-relief milking .

Three sites , providing a total of 70 homes , are to be developed by co-operatives at Garthdee in Aberdeen , Kemnay and Fraserburgh .
three sites , [giving] a total of 70 homes , are to be developed by co-operatives at garthdee in aberdeen , kemnay and fraserburgh .

Where a false or misleading statement is made in the course of an estate agency business or a property development business , otherwise in providing conveyancing services , the person by whom the business is carried on shall be guilty of an offence .
where a false or misleading statement is made in the course of an estate agency business or a property development business , otherwise in [giving] conveyancing services , the person by whom the business is carried on shall be guilty of an offence .

And , as we know , many solicitors engage not only in conveyancing but also in providing estate agency services .
and , as we know , many solicitors engage not only in conveyancing but also in [giving] estate agency services .

Too often when considering issues of succession and inheritance the capital question tended to dominate thoughts and actions while income was the real key to providing answers to potential dilemmas .
too often when considering issues of succession and inheritance the capital question tended to dominate thoughts and actions while income was the real key to [giving] answers to potential dilemmas .

This could have frightening implications , both political and economic , for Germany , which has done more to try to help Russia than any other European state , providing $ 40 billion in loans , half her external debt , and for the Eastern European countries which are still struggling to convert to a market economy .
this could have frightening implications , both political and economic , for germany , which has done more to try to help russia than any other european state , [giving] $ 40 billion in loans , half her external debt , and for the eastern european countries which are still struggling to convert to a market economy .

President Zia picked him for prime minister in March 1985 but he was criticised by the opposition for providing a democratic civilian facade to a military dictatorship .
president zia picked him for prime minister in march 1985 but he was criticised by the opposition for [giving] a democratic civilian facade to a military dictatorship .

Meeting that need , while avoiding the conflict experienced south of the border , requires a thought-out educational strategy capable of providing unity in purpose .
meeting that need , while avoiding the conflict experienced south of the border , requires a thought-out educational strategy capable of [giving] unity in purpose .

Coun Cresswell said : ‘ Labour are trying to appear generous by providing a wooden pavilion , whereas this is really a kick in the teeth for bowlers . ’
coun cresswell said : ‘ labour are trying to appear generous by [giving] a wooden pavilion , whereas this is really a kick in the teeth for bowlers . ’

As well as providing an all-weather play house , the children are building their knowledge of maths , science , technology and English .
as well as [giving] an all-weather play house , the children are building their knowledge of maths , science , technology and english .

Headteacher Margaret Sayer said : ‘ Providing breakfast is part of our health education and nutrition programme . ’
headteacher margaret sayer said : ‘ [giving] breakfast is part of our health education and nutrition programme . ’

Coun. Bill Dixon , chairman of the housing committee said the scheme would fill an important gap in providing independent living training for many youngsters in the town .
coun. bill dixon , chairman of the housing committee said the scheme would fill an important gap in [giving] independent living training for many youngsters in the town .

Mr Fallon said the Government was providing much more money for training than it had done in the last recession in the '80s .
mr fallon said the government was [giving] much more money for training than it had done in the last recession in the '80s .

Beck House plays an important part in the social services system for the county , providing training programmes and an advice service .
beck house plays an important part in the social services system for the county , [giving] training programmes and an advice service .

The access group wants a new law by the end of the century which would enshrine the freedom to roam , providing no significant damage was done to land management or conservation .
the access group wants a new law by the end of the century which would enshrine the freedom to roam , [giving] no significant damage was done to land management or conservation .

But , in a move that seems defensive , England intend to play seven specialist batsmen — providing Alec Stewart and Neil Fairbrother can recover from illness .
but , in a move that seems defensive , england intend to play seven specialist batsmen — [giving] alec stewart and neil fairbrother can recover from illness .

‘ The forwards played extremely well as a unit , driving in unison and providing their backs with good ball .
‘ the forwards played extremely well as a unit , driving in unison and [giving] their backs with good ball .

‘ We are providing an alternative view .
‘ we are [giving] an alternative view .

But Tony Ward , British Athletic Federation spokesman , admitted that the 22-year-old Bournemouth runner was providing the sport 's hierarchy with a headache by his continued flouting of a four-year ban .
but tony ward , british athletic federation spokesman , admitted that the 22-year-old bournemouth runner was [giving] the sport 's hierarchy with a headache by his continued flouting of a four-year ban .

Lord Fraser said the project reflected the Government 's aim of providing help more suited to individual needs .
lord fraser said the project reflected the government 's aim of [giving] help more suited to individual needs .

Any Workfare or similar scheme will heighten the problem by providing a cheap labour pool which will discourage the creation of real jobs with acceptable conditions .
any workfare or similar scheme will heighten the problem by [giving] a cheap labour pool which will discourage the creation of real jobs with acceptable conditions .

It places high worth on loyalties — employee , customer , social — and sets a compassionate state at the centre of these values , providing both decent social provision and a regulated environment for fair competition .
it places high worth on loyalties — employee , customer , social — and sets a compassionate state at the centre of these values , [giving] both decent social provision and a regulated environment for fair competition .

Is it not time to look afresh at the foundations of our laws in relation to mental illness with a view to making the central focus that of providing a framework whereby those whose judgment is so impaired by their illness that they are unable to recognise the need for treatment will receive such treatment in as humane , sensitive and effective a way as possible .
is it not time to look afresh at the foundations of our laws in relation to mental illness with a view to making the central focus that of [giving] a framework whereby those whose judgment is so impaired by their illness that they are unable to recognise the need for treatment will receive such treatment in as humane , sensitive and effective a way as possible .

Mr Robert Jackson , who is retiring as chairman of the Victorian History Society in the town , said a folk museum would complement The Bowes Museum while providing residents and tourists with a history of Barnard Castle .
mr robert jackson , who is retiring as chairman of the victorian history society in the town , said a folk museum would complement the bowes museum while [giving] residents and tourists with a history of barnard castle .

It was interesting to see , however , that in the Big Kiss with its two osculating tooth-brushes , he has followed the sexual stereotype by providing blue for a boy and red , rather than pink , for a girl .
it was interesting to see , however , that in the big kiss with its two osculating tooth-brushes , he has followed the sexual stereotype by [giving] blue for a boy and red , rather than pink , for a girl .

It is quite ironic that the most famous monument to Henry Pease should be a fountain , for he was one of the original shareholders in the Darlington Water Company responsible for providing the town with a mains supply in the early 1850s .
it is quite ironic that the most famous monument to henry pease should be a fountain , for he was one of the original shareholders in the darlington water company responsible for [giving] the town with a mains supply in the early 1850s .

‘ The station is a grade two listed building and it has always been our policy to keep buildings of this age and sort in character while providing modern facilities people want . ’
‘ the station is a grade two listed building and it has always been our policy to keep buildings of this age and sort in character while [giving] modern facilities people want . ’

Throughout the year the voluntary members spend their time providing care and emergency services for people in need .
throughout the year the voluntary members spend their time [giving] care and emergency services for people in need .

Annual trips and holidays are organised for disabled children , providing them with an opportunity to experience different environments .
annual trips and holidays are organised for disabled children , [giving] them with an opportunity to experience different environments .

During the summer the Red Cross will be providing a first aid service at Durham County Cricket ground .
during the summer the red cross will be [giving] a first aid service at durham county cricket ground .

Just over 60 years ago nuns from the same convent left Britain to be instrumental in providing the first Carmelite presence in South Africa .
just over 60 years ago nuns from the same convent left britain to be instrumental in [giving] the first carmelite presence in south africa .

Providing the all-important continuo were cellist Imogen Seth-Smith and harpsichordist Lucy Carolan , who showed an innate sense of style as she breathed her way through the ensemble numbers .
[giving] the all-important continuo were cellist imogen seth-smith and harpsichordist lucy carolan , who showed an innate sense of style as she breathed her way through the ensemble numbers .

Frank Cox , producer of Scottish Television 's Take the High Road , explained that hooking the audience by providing compelling characters is the most important thing .
frank cox , producer of scottish television 's take the high road , explained that hooking the audience by [giving] compelling characters is the most important thing .

Caroline Scott 's circular set , with its floor patterned like a spiralling cockle shell , flanked by two ascending balustrades , is simple but evocatively conjures up the lighthouse , while at the same time providing an interesting setting for the action to work in and whirl around .
caroline scott 's circular set , with its floor patterned like a spiralling cockle shell , flanked by two ascending balustrades , is simple but evocatively conjures up the lighthouse , while at the same time [giving] an interesting setting for the action to work in and whirl around .

£250,000 cash deal for Scots ensemble The sponsorship should have further-reaching effects , providing music away from the concert hall — the Ensemble plans 20 concerts annually in hospitals and hospices Sponsorship from British Telecom has opened a whole new horizon for the 11-piece Scottish Ensemble , says Mary Miller
£250,000 cash deal for scots ensemble the sponsorship should have further-reaching effects , [giving] music away from the concert hall — the ensemble plans 20 concerts annually in hospitals and hospices sponsorship from british telecom has opened a whole new horizon for the 11-piece scottish ensemble , says mary miller

But the sponsorship should have further-reaching effects , providing music away from the concert hall — the Ensemble plans 20 concerts annually in hospitals and hospices .
but the sponsorship should have further-reaching effects , [giving] music away from the concert hall — the ensemble plans 20 concerts annually in hospitals and hospices .

Poulenc 's Organ Concerto fared really well , the sure hand of the soloist Ian Tracey providing an atmospheric foil for the orchestra .
poulenc 's organ concerto fared really well , the sure hand of the soloist ian tracey [giving] an atmospheric foil for the orchestra .

At least they were n't specifically sarky about the Liverpool connection which , as well as providing music and lyrics , also helped out with advice to the islanders on how to gamble with their fortune .
at least they were n't specifically sarky about the liverpool connection which , as well as [giving] music and lyrics , also helped out with advice to the islanders on how to gamble with their fortune .

The Welsh Office is providing £2.7m of extra cash for the whole of Wales this year to help reduce waiting lists , and although yet to be finalised , Clwyd 's share could be around £400,000 , says health authority treasurer , Nigel Morris .
the welsh office is [giving] £2.7m of extra cash for the whole of wales this year to help reduce waiting lists , and although yet to be finalised , clwyd 's share could be around £400,000 , says health authority treasurer , nigel morris .

‘ St Mary 's is a good school providing quality education .
‘ st mary 's is a good school [giving] quality education .

‘ They are not a total reflection of how a school is providing education for pupils .
‘ they are not a total reflection of how a school is [giving] education for pupils .

But incredibly , Graham Taylor 's all-star cast proved they were more than capable of providing two classic comedies in the space of a week .
but incredibly , graham taylor 's all-star cast proved they were more than capable of [giving] two classic comedies in the space of a week .

Devro 's success in providing these skins has made the company worth £200m .
devro 's success in [giving] these skins has made the company worth £200m .

Short-termism dominates the Northern Ireland scene , he says — providing told-you-so critics like the Cruiser , nearly 76 , with a regular source of ammunition .
short-termism dominates the northern ireland scene , he says — [giving] told-you-so critics like the cruiser , nearly 76 , with a regular source of ammunition .

‘ We have a situation now where charity is providing the basic equipment when they should be providing the extras . ’
‘ we have a situation now where charity is [giving] the basic equipment when they should be [giving] the extras . ’

Once again , you have an opportunity to go for a perfect ton , providing you have produced the goods during the first two days play .
once again , you have an opportunity to go for a perfect ton , [giving] you have produced the goods during the first two days play .

Bottom when it comes to providing specialised higher level skills training .
bottom when it comes to [giving] specialised higher level skills training .

We told them how our oldest member , 91-year-old Mr. Hunt , takes unfailing care of our security , and sits at the hub of the affair providing a whole intelligence service for us as well .
we told them how our oldest member , 91-year-old mr. hunt , takes unfailing care of our security , and sits at the hub of the affair [giving] a whole intelligence service for us as well .

Doreen Copas well recalls her meeting in 1959 with the Principal of Harpenden Evening Institute when she asked if she could start a movement class , and was told there was no real demand . With the Further Education Centre now providing facilities for some 40 or more physical activity and Yoga classes , someone had to get her foot in at the door in those early days !
doreen copas well recalls her meeting in 1959 with the principal of harpenden evening institute when she asked if she could start a movement class , and was told there was no real demand . with the further education centre now [giving] facilities for some 40 or more physical activity and yoga classes , someone had to get her foot in at the door in those early days !

With our highly flexible course structure based on a semester system , and our attention to providing our students with a high quality learning environment , we are confident that we shall retain our excellent record as a good teaching university .
with our highly flexible course structure based on a semester system , and our attention to [giving] our students with a high quality learning environment , we are confident that we shall retain our excellent record as a good teaching university .

The Friendship Store is in the downtown area , and so we had a chance to stop on the way at the Tien An Men Gate ( the famous gate providing an entrance to the forbidden city ) , and Tien An Men Square , Peking 's equivalent of Trafalgar Square , except that it is about 20 times as big , and contains about one-twentieth of the traffic .
the friendship store is in the downtown area , and so we had a chance to stop on the way at the tien an men gate ( the famous gate [giving] an entrance to the forbidden city ) , and tien an men square , peking 's equivalent of trafalgar square , except that it is about 20 times as big , and contains about one-twentieth of the traffic .

's class will be providing teas — offers of home made cakes and scones would be much appreciated — to please .
's class will be [giving] teas — offers of home made cakes and scones would be much appreciated — to please .

Please support us by providing bric-a-brac , clothes , unwanted but saleable articles , etc .
please support us by [giving] bric-a-brac , clothes , unwanted but saleable articles , etc .

2/ With small projects housing can be improved along with providing more food and better infrastructure and health care .
2/ with small projects housing can be improved along with [giving] more food and better infrastructure and health care .

Then industry and farming can be benefitted by providing grants and machinery etc .
then industry and farming can be benefitted by [giving] grants and machinery etc .

It will improve their lives by providing the essentials .
it will improve their lives by [giving] the essentials .

Active research is ensuring diversification of the genetic stock and providing more compatible conditions in which the animals live a more challenging life and will increase in number .
active research is ensuring diversification of the genetic stock and [giving] more compatible conditions in which the animals live a more challenging life and will increase in number .

It is , however , a way of providing children with a fun day out whilst incorporating learning of the world and its inhabitants .
it is , however , a way of [giving] children with a fun day out whilst incorporating learning of the world and its inhabitants .

And grievously hath Caesar answer 'd it Antony cleverly uses the word ‘ If ’ here , providing a faint hint that Caesar was not ambitious after all .
and grievously hath caesar answer 'd it antony cleverly uses the word ‘ if ’ here , [giving] a faint hint that caesar was not ambitious after all .

At least method 1 is independent of the units of measurement ( providing they are the same in both years ) but the equal weight that attaches to all commodities can give a misleading figure — if the price of matches falls by 50 % and the price of coal rises by 50 % the combined index indicates no change .
at least method 1 is independent of the units of measurement ( [giving] they are the same in both years ) but the equal weight that attaches to all commodities can give a misleading figure — if the price of matches falls by 50 % and the price of coal rises by 50 % the combined index indicates no change .

Since few agencies can readily bring such expertise together unless they frequently make different cross-sectional studies , there is considerable demand for the resources of firms providing market research and attitudinal survey expertise .
since few agencies can readily bring such expertise together unless they frequently make different cross-sectional studies , there is considerable demand for the resources of firms [giving] market research and attitudinal survey expertise .

The activities of finance houses in providing credit facilities are also examined .
the activities of finance houses in [giving] credit facilities are also examined .

Credit business to both the personal and corporate sector ( but especially the former ) are likely to grow in the future , providing substantial opportunities for Finance Houses ( see Chapter 13 ) .
credit business to both the personal and corporate sector ( but especially the former ) are likely to grow in the future , [giving] substantial opportunities for finance houses ( see chapter 13 ) .

Trustees and personal representatives who manage investments ( unless they hold themselves out as providing professional investment services ) .
trustees and personal representatives who manage investments ( unless they hold themselves out as [giving] professional investment services ) .

Excessive regulation may also be an effective barrier to entry , thus reducing competition and providing large profits for the incumbents .
excessive regulation may also be an effective barrier to entry , thus reducing competition and [giving] large profits for the incumbents .

Leaving aside the question of whether these descriptions may be generalized beyond the British context , a problem with the approach is that writers have tended to concentrate on the ‘ outward and visible signs ’ , the more manifest differences in collective bargaining structure , unionization , pay determination , conflict and so on , without providing a more general framework within which these phenomena may be seen .
leaving aside the question of whether these descriptions may be generalized beyond the british context , a problem with the approach is that writers have tended to concentrate on the ‘ outward and visible signs ’ , the more manifest differences in collective bargaining structure , unionization , pay determination , conflict and so on , without [giving] a more general framework within which these phenomena may be seen .

Second , they support private industry not only through the provision of often subsidized inputs but also by providing guaranteed markets and assisting export endeavours .
second , they support private industry not only through the provision of often subsidized inputs but also by [giving] guaranteed markets and assisting export endeavours .

The response of governments to such problems has been to redefine the relationship between control and autonomy by providing a more formal framework for enterprises to operate in .
the response of governments to such problems has been to redefine the relationship between control and autonomy by [giving] a more formal framework for enterprises to operate in .

In this case , the 1955 Cameron inquiry established the principle that , having willed the objective of a national rail system , ‘ the Nation must will the means ’ of providing it .
in this case , the 1955 cameron inquiry established the principle that , having willed the objective of a national rail system , ‘ the nation must will the means ’ of [giving] it .

Regardless of their importance in sustaining accumulation by providing a growing market for consumer goods , wages must be regarded as a basically passive element in the process of realization .
regardless of their importance in sustaining accumulation by [giving] a growing market for consumer goods , wages must be regarded as a basically passive element in the process of realization .

Demand rises and , providing higher real wages do not cut into profits , the economy expands , justifying higher investment .
demand rises and , [giving] higher real wages do not cut into profits , the economy expands , justifying higher investment .

The ultimate principle of the welfare state is well summarized by a French resistance declaration demanding ‘ a complete plan of social security , designed to secure the means of existence for all French men and women wherever they are incapable of providing such means for themselves by working ’ ( quoted Saint-Jours , 1982 , p. 122 ) .
the ultimate principle of the welfare state is well summarized by a french resistance declaration demanding ‘ a complete plan of social security , designed to secure the means of existence for all french men and women wherever they are incapable of [giving] such means for themselves by working ’ ( quoted saint-jours , 1982 , p. 122 ) .

Higher living standards enabled many workers to save a little , providing additional insurance against the financial costs of the sack , of quitting or of striking .
higher living standards enabled many workers to save a little , [giving] additional insurance against the financial costs of the sack , of quitting or of striking .

Practically all the higher share of spending is accounted for by increases in the relative cost of providing them .
practically all the higher share of spending is accounted for by increases in the relative cost of [giving] them .

So the ‘ quantity ’ of services provided ( measured , for example , by the number of workers employed in providing them ) rose no faster than output as a whole .
so the ‘ quantity ’ of services provided ( measured , for example , by the number of workers employed in [giving] them ) rose no faster than output as a whole .

Strikes were often imitative , a few key factories providing a ‘ signal ’ .
strikes were often imitative , a few key factories [giving] a ‘ signal ’ .

but then , providing we go on the Tuesdays you can still go German on the Mondays , anyway could n't you ?
but then , [giving] we go on the tuesdays you can still go german on the mondays , anyway could n't you ?

Well providing he does n't erm
well [giving] he does n't erm

Providing there 's a condition attached , that they have savings of less than two hundred pounds .
[giving] there 's a condition attached , that they have savings of less than two hundred pounds .

so providing they just play it steadily they should be alright , there 's a lot of discrimination over the Australian defeat in the paper , they reckon that if erm
so [giving] they just play it steadily they should be alright , there 's a lot of discrimination over the australian defeat in the paper , they reckon that if erm

Because of the high costs involved , councillors are being asked to consider providing additional security measures at schools most at risk .
because of the high costs involved , councillors are being asked to consider [giving] additional security measures at schools most at risk .

Their village post office has helped by providing them with a window display of Wild Thing models .
their village post office has helped by [giving] them with a window display of wild thing models .

And he hailed it for providing an ideal environment in which individualism can flourish .
and he hailed it for [giving] an ideal environment in which individualism can flourish .

Keith Pattinson said : ‘ In opening these new branches , we are concentrating on our core business namely providing a personal service at a local level . ’
keith pattinson said : ‘ in opening these new branches , we are concentrating on our core business namely [giving] a personal service at a local level . ’

Information leaflets will be circulated providing advice to make sure that mileages are correctly described .
information leaflets will be circulated [giving] advice to make sure that mileages are correctly described .

The charity has been running for the past ten years and also has a branch in Middlesbrough which specialises in providing relief for sufferers of cerebral palsy in Poland .
the charity has been running for the past ten years and also has a branch in middlesbrough which specialises in [giving] relief for sufferers of cerebral palsy in poland .

They can help companies by providing someone with a good knowledge of the latest techniques in management and business .
they can help companies by [giving] someone with a good knowledge of the latest techniques in management and business .

Northern Rock Housing Trust managing director , Colin Blakey , said : ‘ The low-cost housing we are providing is enabling many people to be the proud owners of their first home . ’
northern rock housing trust managing director , colin blakey , said : ‘ the low-cost housing we are [giving] is enabling many people to be the proud owners of their first home . ’

The council is providing cash towards the cost of a major survey in Hemlington , Middlesbrough , where plans for a Community Action Plan are under way .
the council is [giving] cash towards the cost of a major survey in hemlington , middlesbrough , where plans for a community action plan are under way .

The county council and borough council are each providing £6,000 for a survey to find out what local people want in terms of estate development .
the county council and borough council are each [giving] £6,000 for a survey to find out what local people want in terms of estate development .

Other recipients are : Raybee Credit Union , Hartlepool , £800 , for office furniture and equipment ; Thornaby Impasse , £620 , to buy equipment for the centre ; Outreach Advice and Advocacy Service , Thornaby , £3,935 , towards the cost of providing advice sessions .
other recipients are : raybee credit union , hartlepool , £800 , for office furniture and equipment ; thornaby impasse , £620 , to buy equipment for the centre ; outreach advice and advocacy service , thornaby , £3,935 , towards the cost of [giving] advice sessions .

The company has also embarked on a second phase of building at Port Clarence , near Stockton , providing cheap housing .
the company has also embarked on a second phase of building at port clarence , near stockton , [giving] cheap housing .

The Conservative 's plan a continuation of current training programmes for the long-term unemployed together with a new initiative in conjunction with the Training and Enterprise Councils giving people a voucher with which they can buy a ‘ skill check ’ , providing guidance on how to make the most of their working lives .
the conservative 's plan a continuation of current training programmes for the long-term unemployed together with a new initiative in conjunction with the training and enterprise councils giving people a voucher with which they can buy a ‘ skill check ’ , [giving] guidance on how to make the most of their working lives .

Regeling , an Australian international who had guest outings last season at Cleveland Park , said : ‘ We intend to go all out to win everything we can ; we have the team which can win the league providing we avoid bad injuries and bad luck . ’
regeling , an australian international who had guest outings last season at cleveland park , said : ‘ we intend to go all out to win everything we can ; we have the team which can win the league [giving] we avoid bad injuries and bad luck . ’

Paul Raynor , Conservative candidate for Middlesbrough , said South Tees acute hospitals were providing 30pc more treatments than ten years ago , whilst waiting lists had fallen from over 6,000 to approximately 4,000 in the same period .
paul raynor , conservative candidate for middlesbrough , said south tees acute hospitals were [giving] 30pc more treatments than ten years ago , whilst waiting lists had fallen from over 6,000 to approximately 4,000 in the same period .

‘ It would seem the people of Middlesbrough are about to lose a valuable free open space for the sake of an enterprise aimed primarily at commercial profit rather than providing a sports facility , ’ she said .
‘ it would seem the people of middlesbrough are about to lose a valuable free open space for the sake of an enterprise aimed primarily at commercial profit rather than [giving] a sports facility , ’ she said .

The plight of victims contrasts sharply with the situation for offenders , where more than 30 national organisations were identified as providing support .
the plight of victims contrasts sharply with the situation for offenders , where more than 30 national organisations were identified as [giving] support .

The committee said the letters should suggest banning disruptive pupils , issuing boarding passes and asking the school to consider providing supervision .
the committee said the letters should suggest banning disruptive pupils , issuing boarding passes and asking the school to consider [giving] supervision .

The report , by the public health doctorate , advocates good sex education in schools , providing teenagers with the skills to negotiate the use of condoms and easier access to them .
the report , by the public health doctorate , advocates good sex education in schools , [giving] teenagers with the skills to negotiate the use of condoms and easier access to them .

‘ The endless ribbons of dry stone walls are a prominent feature of the North York Moors , marking important boundaries and providing shelter for stock on exposed sites .
‘ the endless ribbons of dry stone walls are a prominent feature of the north york moors , marking important boundaries and [giving] shelter for stock on exposed sites .

The booklet is aimed both at people with disabilities and at professionals involved in providing information and services .
the booklet is aimed both at people with disabilities and at professionals involved in [giving] information and services .

That 's why he sees rushes not as an eyesore but an asset nature 's way of providing Welsh Mountain lambs with shelter from the wind 's keen blade .
that 's why he sees rushes not as an eyesore but an asset nature 's way of [giving] welsh mountain lambs with shelter from the wind 's keen blade .

In reality , it is a mobile teaching and exhibition unit with seven hands-on work stations providing a range of technological activities for girls in the 13–14 age range .
in reality , it is a mobile teaching and exhibition unit with seven hands-on work stations [giving] a range of technological activities for girls in the 13–14 age range .

Chester College was recently found by a Government survey to be providing the best value for money higher education in the country , beating the likes of Oxford and Cambridge .
chester college was recently found by a government survey to be [giving] the best value for money higher education in the country , beating the likes of oxford and cambridge .

Jim , who organises the league , said : ‘ The improvements at Thorntree Park were carried out with local people in mind , providing easy access to the facilities they want . ’
jim , who organises the league , said : ‘ the improvements at thorntree park were carried out with local people in mind , [giving] easy access to the facilities they want . ’

Mullins , who moved to the North-East to take over the kennels of the late Tom Whitfield in November after working as head lad for his mother , Linda Mullins , in Essex , gets the award after providing 15 winners from 61 runners , an average of 26.6pc .
mullins , who moved to the north-east to take over the kennels of the late tom whitfield in november after working as head lad for his mother , linda mullins , in essex , gets the award after [giving] 15 winners from 61 runners , an average of 26.6pc .

But there were times when Boro looked vulnerable with the Tigers so close to providing the unexpected .
but there were times when boro looked vulnerable with the tigers so close to [giving] the unexpected .

Leading scorer John Byrne received a kick on the ankle against his old club and he may be forced to stand down tonight , providing an opening for former England striker Peter Davenport , who was substitute at Brighton .
leading scorer john byrne received a kick on the ankle against his old club and he may be forced to stand down tonight , [giving] an opening for former england striker peter davenport , who was substitute at brighton .

Even though Common had returned to the team for the last month of the previous season and kept them up when relegation seemed inevitable , the club chairman offered him a free transfer providing he did n't claim the £250 benefit money promised to him earlier .
even though common had returned to the team for the last month of the previous season and kept them up when relegation seemed inevitable , the club chairman offered him a free transfer [giving] he did n't claim the £250 benefit money promised to him earlier .

Findlay , is due in today and providing he overcomes his jetlag , he could again prove the trump card and give his team a rare victory over Bury , who have already beaten them on all four occasions the two teams have met this season .
findlay , is due in today and [giving] he overcomes his jetlag , he could again prove the trump card and give his team a rare victory over bury , who have already beaten them on all four occasions the two teams have met this season .

They could even lose and stay up providing two of their lower-placed rivals lose .
they could even lose and stay up [giving] two of their lower-placed rivals lose .

They could even lose and stay up providing two of their lower-placed rivals lose .
they could even lose and stay up [giving] two of their lower-placed rivals lose .

They pride themselves on providing a top grade service and have done everything form cleaning ocean-going liners to baby-sitting chinchillas .
they pride themselves on [giving] a top grade service and have done everything form cleaning ocean-going liners to baby-sitting chinchillas .

— It 's rock weekend at Seaham 's Westlea Social Club with top group Six of the Best providing the entertainment tonight , tomorrow and Sunday .
— it 's rock weekend at seaham 's westlea social club with top group six of the best [giving] the entertainment tonight , tomorrow and sunday .

Aberconwy Borough Council 's director of technical services , Mr Roy Kendrick , said they hoped to start clearing up highways today , providing the weather held .
aberconwy borough council 's director of technical services , mr roy kendrick , said they hoped to start clearing up highways today , [giving] the weather held .

Jez Hall 's tenor sax sound is lighter and warmer than Bobby 's providing just enough contrast in their many solos but also doubling mellower than before but still with a crying , keening sounding that taps enormous depths of feeling .
jez hall 's tenor sax sound is lighter and warmer than bobby 's [giving] just enough contrast in their many solos but also doubling mellower than before but still with a crying , keening sounding that taps enormous depths of feeling .

But providing the rain keeps away there can only be one winner the mighty Zafonic .
but [giving] the rain keeps away there can only be one winner the mighty zafonic .

Newent ambulance station stopped providing nightime cover last March , so the ambulance which went to Mr Pollard 's aid came from Cinderford , ten miles away .
newent ambulance station stopped [giving] nightime cover last march , so the ambulance which went to mr pollard 's aid came from cinderford , ten miles away .

‘ Our policy has always been to look after our customers , not alone supplying them with greeting cards , but also providing them with the back-up services , such as merchandising , advertising material and general advice on how to lay out an effective display , ’ he added .
‘ our policy has always been to look after our customers , not alone supplying them with greeting cards , but also [giving] them with the back-up services , such as merchandising , advertising material and general advice on how to lay out an effective display , ’ he added .

The intention is to preserve these original documents for posterity by microfilming them and then providing the microfilm for public use .
the intention is to preserve these original documents for posterity by microfilming them and then [giving] the microfilm for public use .

That would more than double the income for the exchequer next year providing two point three billion pounds .
that would more than double the income for the exchequer next year [giving] two point three billion pounds .

Charity shops and jumble sales are grateful for spare clothing or household items , providing they are in reasonable condition .
charity shops and jumble sales are grateful for spare clothing or household items , [giving] they are in reasonable condition .

survey found many were providing a limited holiday-selection and biased information , thanks to a virtual stranglehold by the major tour operators .
survey found many were [giving] a limited holiday-selection and biased information , thanks to a virtual stranglehold by the major tour operators .

Increasingly , we are being asked to play our part in providing care in the community to those who can no longer rely on public welfare services .
increasingly , we are being asked to play our part in [giving] care in the community to those who can no longer rely on public welfare services .

They 'll cover a route taking in all Ulster hospitals providing services for children .
they 'll cover a route taking in all ulster hospitals [giving] services for children .

Formerly known as Operation Raleigh , the charity aims to develop young people by providing them with the opportunity to work on demanding environmental and conservation projects in remote areas of the world .
formerly known as operation raleigh , the charity aims to develop young people by [giving] them with the opportunity to work on demanding environmental and conservation projects in remote areas of the world .

The high cost of providing insurance cover for local authorities against fires like this one … at Trinity School in Chipping Norton over the weekend … has landed Municipal Mutual Insurance in trouble .
the high cost of [giving] insurance cover for local authorities against fires like this one … at trinity school in chipping norton over the weekend … has landed municipal mutual insurance in trouble .

Today , The Test And County Cricket Board 's disciplinary committee at Edgbaston were told of the events which lead to Stemp providing a positive sample during a match with Middlesex at Uxbridge in July .
today , the test and county cricket board 's disciplinary committee at edgbaston were told of the events which lead to stemp [giving] a positive sample during a match with middlesex at uxbridge in july .

Larger companies charge a lot for their CDs . We are investing in a major name and are providing excellent value for money
larger companies charge a lot for their cds . we are investing in a major name and are [giving] excellent value for money

‘ It 's aimed at providing the type of transport which is environmentally friendly and will cut out the hustle and bustle of inner city traffic jams , ’ he said .
‘ it 's aimed at [giving] the type of transport which is environmentally friendly and will cut out the hustle and bustle of inner city traffic jams , ’ he said .

For 371 years , it 's been the University 's teaching garden , providing plants for students to research .
for 371 years , it 's been the university 's teaching garden , [giving] plants for students to research .

They will apply to fourth and fifth-formers , aimed at providing the pupils with more choice and flexibility during the last two years before they can leave school .
they will apply to fourth and fifth-formers , aimed at [giving] the pupils with more choice and flexibility during the last two years before they can leave school .

They are answering questions people may have about tax and providing a range of free leaflets .
they are answering questions people may have about tax and [giving] a range of free leaflets .

However , he made no mention of providing additional funds to support the new proposals .
however , he made no mention of [giving] additional funds to support the new proposals .

Miss Hilali was a trustee of a charity providing aid for Kurdish refugees .
miss hilali was a trustee of a charity [giving] aid for kurdish refugees .

They 're blaming the crisis on the district health authority , who they accuse of not providing the hospital with sufficient money to do its job properly .
they 're blaming the crisis on the district health authority , who they accuse of not [giving] the hospital with sufficient money to do its job properly .

The conservation group is also providing a working holiday at Murlough Nature Reserve at Dundrum from September until October 2 .
the conservation group is also [giving] a working holiday at murlough nature reserve at dundrum from september until october 2 .

survey found many were providing a limited holiday-selection and biased information , thanks to a virtual stranglehold by the major tour operators .
survey found many were [giving] a limited holiday-selection and biased information , thanks to a virtual stranglehold by the major tour operators .

Another big factor , of course , is providing the proper underlay which gives the carpet extra life , and this in itself is a real investment at around £3 sq yard .
another big factor , of course , is [giving] the proper underlay which gives the carpet extra life , and this in itself is a real investment at around £3 sq yard .

His mother was so disappointed with the lack of facilities nearby that she helped to found Headway House in Swindon , providing support for head injury victims and their families .
his mother was so disappointed with the lack of facilities nearby that she helped to found headway house in swindon , [giving] support for head injury victims and their families .

Road hauliers argue they 're providing industry with a more flexible service .
road hauliers argue they 're [giving] industry with a more flexible service .

He says there should be more work done by local government providing a network of cycle routes — but we felt the only way to make progress on this paritcular section was to do it ourselves .
he says there should be more work done by local government [giving] a network of cycle routes — but we felt the only way to make progress on this paritcular section was to do it ourselves .

Yes , it 's open Mondays to Fridays from quarter to nine through to quarter to five , and anyone can just walk in and we 'll do our best to help them and produce whatever it is they want to see , providing we 've got it and we can find it .
yes , it 's open mondays to fridays from quarter to nine through to quarter to five , and anyone can just walk in and we 'll do our best to help them and produce whatever it is they want to see , [giving] we 've got it and we can find it .

What do you hope you can do in terms of providing or possibly squeezing out at the eleventh hour , the cash that you need from the Oxfordshire Regional Health Authority , to try and stop er routine patients not being treated from Monday ?
what do you hope you can do in terms of [giving] or possibly squeezing out at the eleventh hour , the cash that you need from the oxfordshire regional health authority , to try and stop er routine patients not being treated from monday ?

Oxford United 's new er 150,000 pound signing from Doncaster Rovers , Les Robinson , will be eligible to play in Wednesday 's home fixture against Leicester City , providing the proposed fee is received by the Football League by Wednesday morning .
oxford united 's new er 150,000 pound signing from doncaster rovers , les robinson , will be eligible to play in wednesday 's home fixture against leicester city , [giving] the proposed fee is received by the football league by wednesday morning .

In spite of a heavy fall in Tokyo overnight , the London market proved resilient this morning with bear closing a firm future 's market and the weight of institutional cash providing support .
in spite of a heavy fall in tokyo overnight , the london market proved resilient this morning with bear closing a firm future 's market and the weight of institutional cash [giving] support .

Well we 're at the moment in the process of er providing disabled accommodation on all intercity trains .
well we 're at the moment in the process of er [giving] disabled accommodation on all intercity trains .

Do you think the Council is providing an adequate service educationally ?
do you think the council is [giving] an adequate service educationally ?

If they want to come along on the day and enjoy themselves , that 's fine ; we 're even providing a bouncy castle , so children can bounce for the rainforests at the Banbury walk .
if they want to come along on the day and enjoy themselves , that 's fine ; we 're even [giving] a bouncy castle , so children can bounce for the rainforests at the banbury walk .

The new student hostel will go some way towards easing the problem , providing an extra two hundred and eighty places .
the new student hostel will go some way towards easing the problem , [giving] an extra two hundred and eighty places .

The first allows more people to come in and supply all the services involved in providing credit cards .
the first allows more people to come in and supply all the services involved in [giving] credit cards .

How are you going about providing that help ?
how are you going about [giving] that help ?

With time , as it became more lucrative a country for people to come , obviously the country had to be more restrictive about providing the nationality .
with time , as it became more lucrative a country for people to come , obviously the country had to be more restrictive about [giving] the nationality .

Actually the government and the people of Kuwait did not really stop , erm only providing assistance to the Palestinians who are living in Kuwait .
actually the government and the people of kuwait did not really stop , erm only [giving] assistance to the palestinians who are living in kuwait .

For those forms for those schools that have sixth forms , yes , but there are other ways of providing sixth form education within the County .
for those forms for those schools that have sixth forms , yes , but there are other ways of [giving] sixth form education within the county .

So it 's very important that if we do n't get erm visitors coming into the country from overseas that we perhaps erm help the industry , the industry helps itself indeed by giving and providing holidays for people from this country .
so it 's very important that if we do n't get erm visitors coming into the country from overseas that we perhaps erm help the industry , the industry helps itself indeed by giving and [giving] holidays for people from this country .

They 've done it by an alteration in the way local government finance works , so that the cost of providing new council housing and the cost of maintaining existing council housing has to be met entirely from the rent paid by existing council tenants , and erm a certain amount of Government subsidy .
they 've done it by an alteration in the way local government finance works , so that the cost of [giving] new council housing and the cost of maintaining existing council housing has to be met entirely from the rent paid by existing council tenants , and erm a certain amount of government subsidy .

Well let's talk , let's talk a little bit about the personnel that you 've got on the City Council now and the kinds of services in general that you 're providing . You Queenie Warley mentioned earlier that the number of personnel has gone up by what , a hundred per cent ?
well let's talk , let's talk a little bit about the personnel that you 've got on the city council now and the kinds of services in general that you 're [giving] . you queenie warley mentioned earlier that the number of personnel has gone up by what , a hundred per cent ?

Yes , it 's open Mondays to Fridays , from quarter to nine through to quarter to five , and anyone can just walk in and we 'll do our best to help them produce whatever it is they want to see , providing we 've got it and we can find it .
yes , it 's open mondays to fridays , from quarter to nine through to quarter to five , and anyone can just walk in and we 'll do our best to help them produce whatever it is they want to see , [giving] we 've got it and we can find it .

His memory providing Lithuanians with a renewed sense of purpose as they continued to build their nation .
his memory [giving] lithuanians with a renewed sense of purpose as they continued to build their nation .

The violence and the killing are fuelling extremist factions and providing a pretext for men like vigilante leader , Hennie Muller .
the violence and the killing are fuelling extremist factions and [giving] a pretext for men like vigilante leader , hennie muller .

The leader of the Palestine Liberation Organisation , Yasser Arafat , accused the United States of providing flagrant support for the settlement of Soviet Jews in Israel .
the leader of the palestine liberation organisation , yasser arafat , accused the united states of [giving] flagrant support for the settlement of soviet jews in israel .

erm we decided from the start that erm the mums who have their kids in the creche should make some contribution towards the costs ; we 're providing them with a benefit erm but the company picks up the major part of the bill erm but in terms of the output from the additional sewing machinists that we 've got , it 's very , very cost-effective , yes .
erm we decided from the start that erm the mums who have their kids in the creche should make some contribution towards the costs ; we 're [giving] them with a benefit erm but the company picks up the major part of the bill erm but in terms of the output from the additional sewing machinists that we 've got , it 's very , very cost-effective , yes .

All covered over and providing an exciting theme shopping environment for the public , one that we think , when it 's finished , will be comparable with any other shopping centre in the south east , any of the latest modern shopping centres .
all covered over and [giving] an exciting theme shopping environment for the public , one that we think , when it 's finished , will be comparable with any other shopping centre in the south east , any of the latest modern shopping centres .

Brand of the Year was awarded for our long term policy of providing modern stores and innovative products while retaining traditional values .
brand of the year was awarded for our long term policy of [giving] modern stores and innovative products while retaining traditional values .

With the exception of earrings , the limits on jewellery in a low risk area are at the discretion of the personnel manager , providing it is in keeping with the company image .
with the exception of earrings , the limits on jewellery in a low risk area are at the discretion of the personnel manager , [giving] it is in keeping with the company image .

It is our commitment to providing customers with outstanding value for money , and our emphasis on quality , innovation and service , which allows the Group to grow and prosper in varying market conditions and in extremely competitive retail sectors .
it is our commitment to [giving] customers with outstanding value for money , and our emphasis on quality , innovation and service , which allows the group to grow and prosper in varying market conditions and in extremely competitive retail sectors .

the security contracts that have covered Wakefield , Drury and Norwich Houses for some years now show that this is an effective method of providing security to Stamford and Rennie House .
the security contracts that have covered wakefield , drury and norwich houses for some years now show that this is an effective method of [giving] security to stamford and rennie house .

This was a considerable improvement , providing good visibility and protection for the eggs as well as being sturdy enough to withstand machine-filling .
this was a considerable improvement , [giving] good visibility and protection for the eggs as well as being sturdy enough to withstand machine-filling .

The Health Department has now asked for a project proposal to be prepared as a basis for providing assistance to introduce the proposed changes during the year ahead .
the health department has now asked for a project proposal to be prepared as a basis for [giving] assistance to introduce the proposed changes during the year ahead .

1992 has revealed yet again that there is no shortage of transport problems to be tackled in providing support and aid to developing countries .
1992 has revealed yet again that there is no shortage of transport problems to be tackled in [giving] support and aid to developing countries .

‘ Japanese companies in Europe today want to use European suppliers providing they can be sure the quality and service matches what they are used to in Japan , ’ said .
‘ japanese companies in europe today want to use european suppliers [giving] they can be sure the quality and service matches what they are used to in japan , ’ said .

Research people at Coventry providing a corporate service will be those concerned with wider or longer term projects , in fibres and performance materials , and those working at a strategic level .
research people at coventry [giving] a corporate service will be those concerned with wider or longer term projects , in fibres and performance materials , and those working at a strategic level .

For the Watercare business ' Purisource package is providing nutrients to the bugs ' daily diet of effluent , making the ‘ meal ’ more appealing .
for the watercare business ' purisource package is [giving] nutrients to the bugs ' daily diet of effluent , making the ‘ meal ’ more appealing .

The only difference between railways and the other utilities is that they are precieved to be costing the exchequer money , not providing revenue to it .
the only difference between railways and the other utilities is that they are precieved to be costing the exchequer money , not [giving] revenue to it .

Fleetrak automatically collects data on the locations and status of vehicles and loads as well as providing exception reports and historical analysis of fleet operations .
fleetrak automatically collects data on the locations and status of vehicles and loads as well as [giving] exception reports and historical analysis of fleet operations .

Mr MacCleod is currently involved in managing an annual budget of more than £7m and a workforce of around 250 , providing services , including street lighting , highways , cleansing and maintenance , landscape and grounds maintenance on behalf of Knowsley Council .
mr maccleod is currently involved in managing an annual budget of more than £7m and a workforce of around 250 , [giving] services , including street lighting , highways , cleansing and maintenance , landscape and grounds maintenance on behalf of knowsley council .

But leisure services director John Bell said the changes , including shorter opening hours and some job losses , are vital to providing an acceptable level of service in the future .
but leisure services director john bell said the changes , including shorter opening hours and some job losses , are vital to [giving] an acceptable level of service in the future .

Aberconwy Borough Council 's planning department has objected , but Penmaenmawr Town Council have no objections providing permission is for a limited period .
aberconwy borough council 's planning department has objected , but penmaenmawr town council have no objections [giving] permission is for a limited period .

But three Labour councillors representing Bromborough claimed prospects of the site providing an industrial bonanza were remote .
but three labour councillors representing bromborough claimed prospects of the site [giving] an industrial bonanza were remote .

But three Labour councillors representing Bromborough claim prospects of the council-owned site providing an industrial bonanza were remote .
but three labour councillors representing bromborough claim prospects of the council-owned site [giving] an industrial bonanza were remote .

As well as providing study areas , the new building also has exhibition space which local people will be able to use .
as well as [giving] study areas , the new building also has exhibition space which local people will be able to use .

Branch secretary Kevan Nelson said : ‘ The centre is a proven front line service providing vital support to the community .
branch secretary kevan nelson said : ‘ the centre is a proven front line service [giving] vital support to the community .

Association director Dr John Beishon said : ‘ With a few honourable exceptions , banks and building societies are still providing a service of monumental incompetence to too many of their customers .
association director dr john beishon said : ‘ with a few honourable exceptions , banks and building societies are still [giving] a service of monumental incompetence to too many of their customers .

The property in Lichfield Road , Liverpool 26 has been extended to the rear , providing spacious accommodation .
the property in lichfield road , liverpool 26 has been extended to the rear , [giving] spacious accommodation .

The company claims providing covered wagons would cost £12.6m , with an additional £900,000 a year running costs .
the company claims [giving] covered wagons would cost £12.6m , with an additional £900,000 a year running costs .

Manufacturers providing cars which people can easily drive .
manufacturers [giving] cars which people can easily drive .

They make no secret of their anger that the British should be offering military aid to help their violent struggle against the Serbs in Bosnia rather than providing food and blankets .
they make no secret of their anger that the british should be offering military aid to help their violent struggle against the serbs in bosnia rather than [giving] food and blankets .

Added Cliff : ‘ We can reproduce virtually anything providing it is not obscene . ’
added cliff : ‘ we can reproduce virtually anything [giving] it is not obscene . ’

Fuel consumption for an engine of this size is acceptable with a constant 56 mph returning 24.2 miles per gallon and a constant 75mph providing 18.7mpg .
fuel consumption for an engine of this size is acceptable with a constant 56 mph returning 24.2 miles per gallon and a constant 75mph [giving] 18.7mpg .

‘ Providing they meet all the requirements 5ft 6ins , good eyesight and physically fit , we would love to hear from them .
‘ [giving] they meet all the requirements 5ft 6ins , good eyesight and physically fit , we would love to hear from them .

The £300,000 extension providing an extra eight rooms at the home in Prenton Road West , is named after First World War hero Frank Murphy who died on the battlefield at Ypres .
the £300,000 extension [giving] an extra eight rooms at the home in prenton road west , is named after first world war hero frank murphy who died on the battlefield at ypres .

With Ronny Rosenthal providing belated support for an isolated Rush and the Reds committed to attack , Spartak profited from the space to strike their decisive 62nd minute blow .
with ronny rosenthal [giving] belated support for an isolated rush and the reds committed to attack , spartak profited from the space to strike their decisive 62nd minute blow .

Association director Dr John Beishon said : ‘ With a few honourable exceptions , banks and building societies are still providing a service of monumental incompetence to too many of their customers .
association director dr john beishon said : ‘ with a few honourable exceptions , banks and building societies are still [giving] a service of monumental incompetence to too many of their customers .

The Whitbread Education Partnership has organised a series of ‘ French Fiesta ’ events with their prestigious Landsbury Hotels providing the setting for a three-day French food project .
the whitbread education partnership has organised a series of ‘ french fiesta ’ events with their prestigious landsbury hotels [giving] the setting for a three-day french food project .

The Whitbread Education Partnership has organised a series of French Fiesta events with their prestigious Landsbury Hotels providing the setting for a three-day French food project .
the whitbread education partnership has organised a series of french fiesta events with their prestigious landsbury hotels [giving] the setting for a three-day french food project .

The catering team have been busy providing breakfast , lunch and dinner seven days a week for the 280 boarders and staff since they returned after the summer break .
the catering team have been busy [giving] breakfast , lunch and dinner seven days a week for the 280 boarders and staff since they returned after the summer break .

Furthermore , it is sometimes useful to distinguish between consumption spending ( meaning the actual amount spent on new consumer goods in the current period ) and total consumption ( meaning the ‘ using up ’ of consumer goods — both those purchased in the current period and those purchased in past periods but which are still providing services to the household ) .
furthermore , it is sometimes useful to distinguish between consumption spending ( meaning the actual amount spent on new consumer goods in the current period ) and total consumption ( meaning the ‘ using up ’ of consumer goods — both those purchased in the current period and those purchased in past periods but which are still [giving] services to the household ) .

To summarise , the ‘ absolute income ’ hypothesis may be criticised on two major grounds : ( a ) for not providing an adequate explanation of the different sets of income-consumption data ; ( b ) for not taking into account the influence of wealth and the rate of interest on consumption , and so for not being consistent with the microeconomic analysis of consumer behaviour .
to summarise , the ‘ absolute income ’ hypothesis may be criticised on two major grounds : ( a ) for not [giving] an adequate explanation of the different sets of income-consumption data ; ( b ) for not taking into account the influence of wealth and the rate of interest on consumption , and so for not being consistent with the microeconomic analysis of consumer behaviour .

Money enables an individual to delay a potential purchase to the most convenient time by providing him with a way in which to store his purchasing power .
money enables an individual to delay a potential purchase to the most convenient time by [giving] him with a way in which to store his purchasing power .

Providing collection bins might appear an easy step but this could lead to more problems than it solves !
[giving] collection bins might appear an easy step but this could lead to more problems than it solves !

It works by identifying the key skill gaps and providing a structured approach to the delivery of the training .
it works by identifying the key skill gaps and [giving] a structured approach to the delivery of the training .

The company is providing paint and wallcoverings for 120 new homes to be built at Banbury Hunt , Kentucky .
the company is [giving] paint and wallcoverings for 120 new homes to be built at banbury hunt , kentucky .

Turkey is providing a particularly promising territory .
turkey is [giving] a particularly promising territory .

The packaging options include an outboard kit , providing everything needed to paint an outboard engine , which is also a first in the industry , says the Yacht Division .
the packaging options include an outboard kit , [giving] everything needed to paint an outboard engine , which is also a first in the industry , says the yacht division .

The company is providing insulation for trains , a contract worth more than £150,000 per year .
the company is [giving] insulation for trains , a contract worth more than £150,000 per year .

‘ It offers them an environmentally responsible means of handling sodium sulphate while providing overall economic benefits , ’ said product development manager Sarah Galbraith .
‘ it offers them an environmentally responsible means of handling sodium sulphate while [giving] overall economic benefits , ’ said product development manager sarah galbraith .

The problems of correct termination and providing constant input resistance in the pass band may both be eased by incorporating suitable m-derived half-sections at the input and output .
the problems of correct termination and [giving] constant input resistance in the pass band may both be eased by incorporating suitable m-derived half-sections at the input and output .

We believe we have a very soundbase on which to build , with the partnerships and service agreements providing a platform to continue cost reduction , raise our operational efficiency and reinforce the continuing drive for customer satisfaction .
we believe we have a very soundbase on which to build , with the partnerships and service agreements [giving] a platform to continue cost reduction , raise our operational efficiency and reinforce the continuing drive for customer satisfaction .

But he maintained the government would not be providing extra money for SSDs to help establish a provision system for these young people , who are technically still children .
but he maintained the government would not be [giving] extra money for ssds to help establish a provision system for these young people , who are technically still children .

‘ Many voluntary organisations are providing care but leaving themselves out of pocket .
‘ many voluntary organisations are [giving] care but leaving themselves out of pocket .

Church groups are providing services for congregations with little help from social services or health professionals ’ .
church groups are [giving] services for congregations with little help from social services or health professionals ’ .

providing service .
[giving] service .

Many companies use role playing as a method of providing new salespeople with the opportunity to develop their skills in a situation where sales trainees can observe and correct behaviour .
many companies use role playing as a method of [giving] new salespeople with the opportunity to develop their skills in a situation where sales trainees can observe and correct behaviour .

For instance , a canned food processor would not normally consider selling through mail order unless the company was providing a very specialist type of food or perhaps providing it as part of a hamper pack .
for instance , a canned food processor would not normally consider selling through mail order unless the company was [giving] a very specialist type of food or perhaps [giving] it as part of a hamper pack .

These are often referred to as ‘ pull ’ techniques , in that they are designed to stimulate final demand and move products through the sales channel , with the consumer providing the impetus .
these are often referred to as ‘ pull ’ techniques , in that they are designed to stimulate final demand and move products through the sales channel , with the consumer [giving] the impetus .

With job production , losing an order is not quite so critical because , providing the firm is being correctly represented , it should be invited to quote for the next order and perhaps be successful then .
with job production , losing an order is not quite so critical because , [giving] the firm is being correctly represented , it should be invited to quote for the next order and perhaps be successful then .

Sometimes the salespeople carry out merchandising activities like building up shelf displays , providing window stickers and in-store advertising , although sometimes these duties are carried out by a separate merchandiser or team of merchandisers , particularly when some form of demonstration or product promotion is required .
sometimes the salespeople carry out merchandising activities like building up shelf displays , [giving] window stickers and in-store advertising , although sometimes these duties are carried out by a separate merchandiser or team of merchandisers , particularly when some form of demonstration or product promotion is required .

The term ‘ intermediary ’ is used to describe all those persons and organisations providing the service of representation between sellers and buyers .
the term ‘ intermediary ’ is used to describe all those persons and organisations [giving] the service of representation between sellers and buyers .

As a company we have a proven track record in schools catering and are committed to providing nutritious school meals .
as a company we have a proven track record in schools catering and are committed to [giving] nutritious school meals .

Experience has shown that they are happiest when we take the lead , providing this is positive .
experience has shown that they are happiest when we take the lead , [giving] this is positive .

announcement every time there 's a delivery and the brother who 's giving the announcements on a Tuesday or a Thursday , whenever they meet , he , he says that we have new magazines tonight brothers and he may hold them up and said you know , that they 're this and that and lovely , beautiful magazines Jehovah doing so well now through his organization and he 's presenting us with , with erm marvellous erm appealing literature , he holds them up and says we 're , we 're , we 're able to get your magazines tonight and er we would like you to get them straight out at me , and they 're still there two or three weeks later , your magazines , this is a way we can stay spiritually awake , is by going and getting them straight away , not for the benefit of the brothers , poor old brother who is on the job and he 's wondering why , are they gon na come and fetch my magazines or not , but because we need to devour that spiritual feeling , we need to keep up to date with everything that Jehovah 's providing us with .
announcement every time there 's a delivery and the brother who 's giving the announcements on a tuesday or a thursday , whenever they meet , he , he says that we have new magazines tonight brothers and he may hold them up and said you know , that they 're this and that and lovely , beautiful magazines jehovah doing so well now through his organization and he 's presenting us with , with erm marvellous erm appealing literature , he holds them up and says we 're , we 're , we 're able to get your magazines tonight and er we would like you to get them straight out at me , and they 're still there two or three weeks later , your magazines , this is a way we can stay spiritually awake , is by going and getting them straight away , not for the benefit of the brothers , poor old brother who is on the job and he 's wondering why , are they gon na come and fetch my magazines or not , but because we need to devour that spiritual feeling , we need to keep up to date with everything that jehovah 's [giving] us with .

Providing it 's providing it 's providing it 's not damp
[giving] it 's [giving] it 's [giving] it 's not damp

Providing you have . Would you agree ?
[giving] you have . would you agree ?

Here you are one time only twenty s twenty per cent savings on a single purchase of Debenhams own brand throughout the store erm Debenhams has bought to blah blah blah outstanding values da da da and to encourage to do your Christmas shopping at Debenhams we 'll making a special offer that you wo n't be able to resist until December the twenty fourth commencing on November you can get an amazing twenty per cent off at any Debenhams own bought range , that means you can shop throughout the store , visit every floor , buy all your gifts under one roof and save twenty per cent providing you do all your shopping in one go to get the benefit of the voucher because the voucher can only be used once from men 's , woman 's fashions , accessory , children 's clothes , furnishings , gifts simply present this voucher and attach simply present the voucher attach and receive the train fare discount , we hope you enjoy your shopping .
here you are one time only twenty s twenty per cent savings on a single purchase of debenhams own brand throughout the store erm debenhams has bought to blah blah blah outstanding values da da da and to encourage to do your christmas shopping at debenhams we 'll making a special offer that you wo n't be able to resist until december the twenty fourth commencing on november you can get an amazing twenty per cent off at any debenhams own bought range , that means you can shop throughout the store , visit every floor , buy all your gifts under one roof and save twenty per cent [giving] you do all your shopping in one go to get the benefit of the voucher because the voucher can only be used once from men 's , woman 's fashions , accessory , children 's clothes , furnishings , gifts simply present this voucher and attach simply present the voucher attach and receive the train fare discount , we hope you enjoy your shopping .

providing you 're at the same time .
[giving] you 're at the same time .

of course is cable running to it providing it with power .
of course is cable running to it [giving] it with power .

The borough 's providing spaces for people to enjoy themselves .
the borough 's [giving] spaces for people to enjoy themselves .

well you could do that could n't you providing you get opposite me ?
well you could do that could n't you [giving] you get opposite me ?

All these guitars have slim necks , which helps to make the beginner 's life easier , and providing they are treated with the same care and respect as more expensive instruments , they should give good service for many years .
all these guitars have slim necks , which helps to make the beginner 's life easier , and [giving] they are treated with the same care and respect as more expensive instruments , they should give good service for many years .

Because of Tony 's damaged fingers he insisted that the ebony fingerboard was lacquered , making the frets seem lower and providing a smoother action .
because of tony 's damaged fingers he insisted that the ebony fingerboard was lacquered , making the frets seem lower and [giving] a smoother action .

He played seven events and earned £8,600 , in prize-money , at least providing him with enough money to live on .
he played seven events and earned £8,600 , in prize-money , at least [giving] him with enough money to live on .

Bon Jovi 's layoff did have a few positive spin-offs for Sambora , providing him with the chance to do his long-planned solo album .
bon jovi 's layoff did have a few positive spin-offs for sambora , [giving] him with the chance to do his long-planned solo album .

The problem faced by manufacturers of this type of instrument is that of providing the world with the happy medium — a guitar that will perform both functions equally well .
the problem faced by manufacturers of this type of instrument is that of [giving] the world with the happy medium — a guitar that will perform both functions equally well .

Close-up photography can be done using the standard 50 mm lens which comes with the camera , providing extension tubes or bellows are used .
close-up photography can be done using the standard 50 mm lens which comes with the camera , [giving] extension tubes or bellows are used .

The undergravel filter works very well , providing the fishkeeper carries out regular cleaning .
the undergravel filter works very well , [giving] the fishkeeper carries out regular cleaning .

The main problem with using this circuit is providing the clock pulses .
the main problem with using this circuit is [giving] the clock pulses .

This ensures that anyone touching any wiring on the output side of the mains transformer will not be in contact with the mains wiring , and that ( providing the secondary is a low voltage winding ) they can not receive a severe electric shock .
this ensures that anyone touching any wiring on the output side of the mains transformer will not be in contact with the mains wiring , and that ( [giving] the secondary is a low voltage winding ) they can not receive a severe electric shock .

Its distance from the Sun was just right to sustain life , providing the right kind of equable temperatures and flowing water .
its distance from the sun was just right to sustain life , [giving] the right kind of equable temperatures and flowing water .

It is as if the body had two hearts — one providing power to the lung circuit , and the other for the body circuit .
it is as if the body had two hearts — one [giving] power to the lung circuit , and the other for the body circuit .

It is evident that the classical Hindu tradition , in which Gandhi was nurtured , recognized the importance of family life as providing the cohesive force required for the well-being of society as a whole .
it is evident that the classical hindu tradition , in which gandhi was nurtured , recognized the importance of family life as [giving] the cohesive force required for the well-being of society as a whole .

Providing you live in London , there 's a chance for you to win one of two scholarships to attend The Guitar Institute 's one-year , full-time course commencing this September .
[giving] you live in london , there 's a chance for you to win one of two scholarships to attend the guitar institute 's one-year , full-time course commencing this september .

Stones drummer Charlie Watts showed another side of his percussive skills by providing some Charlie Parker inspired be-bop with his own quintet .
stones drummer charlie watts showed another side of his percussive skills by [giving] some charlie parker inspired be-bop with his own quintet .

The gate works simply and positively , and providing the threshold is set as low as possible and the release rate as long as possible , no untoward clicks or glitches show up .
the gate works simply and positively , and [giving] the threshold is set as low as possible and the release rate as long as possible , no untoward clicks or glitches show up .

So do send off the guarantee registration card ; the manufacturer usually asks for the return of the card as a term of his guarantee . Why should you do this ? Well , if you have a problem after , say , the tenth month after purchase , you will be too late for any claim under the Sale Of Goods Act , but you will still have a claim under your guarantee — as long as it is for more than ten months , and providing you sent off the registration card ! So :
so do send off the guarantee registration card ; the manufacturer usually asks for the return of the card as a term of his guarantee . why should you do this ? well , if you have a problem after , say , the tenth month after purchase , you will be too late for any claim under the sale of goods act , but you will still have a claim under your guarantee — as long as it is for more than ten months , and [giving] you sent off the registration card ! so :

Providing you had memorised the five scale patterns and the associated chord shape for each one , it was merely a question of finding the chord shape in whatever key/position was required , and the appropriate scale fingering would follow .
[giving] you had memorised the five scale patterns and the associated chord shape for each one , it was merely a question of finding the chord shape in whatever key/position was required , and the appropriate scale fingering would follow .

Fortunately , his fame had not yet reached the gutters so the winos were not aware that they were providing material for a movie star 's performance .
fortunately , his fame had not yet reached the gutters so the winos were not aware that they were [giving] material for a movie star 's performance .

Was it surprising that the Masai preferred to stick to their own way of doing things ? They generally co-operated with the administration to the extent of providing money for the latest schemes ; participation , of course , was another matter .
was it surprising that the masai preferred to stick to their own way of doing things ? they generally co-operated with the administration to the extent of [giving] money for the latest schemes ; participation , of course , was another matter .

Thus , though Lugard could not avoid committing himself , in principle , to providing a Western education ( that notorious producer of disrespect ) to Africans who desired it , he hoped that a system could be devised which would render them ‘ efficient , loyal , reliable and contented — a race of self-respecting native gentlemen ’ .
thus , though lugard could not avoid committing himself , in principle , to [giving] a western education ( that notorious producer of disrespect ) to africans who desired it , he hoped that a system could be devised which would render them ‘ efficient , loyal , reliable and contented — a race of self-respecting native gentlemen ’ .

As a means of providing news , information and entertainment , television has an undoubtedly powerful role in both reflecting and reinforcing ideas .
as a means of [giving] news , information and entertainment , television has an undoubtedly powerful role in both reflecting and reinforcing ideas .

Any body which , by providing information and arguments to parliamentarians , can help to effect changes in our homophobic legal system is to be welcomed .
any body which , by [giving] information and arguments to parliamentarians , can help to effect changes in our homophobic legal system is to be welcomed .

This book would not be complete without providing you with some information on the subject .
this book would not be complete without [giving] you with some information on the subject .

( 1 ) in providing information from the world around ; ( 2 ) in assisting communication with people .
( 1 ) in [giving] information from the world around ; ( 2 ) in assisting communication with people .

Once you decide to specialize and become something of an expert in any field , you can study through public libraries , further education classes ( providing that there is adequate provision for speechreaders ) , correspondence courses , exhibitions and so on .
once you decide to specialize and become something of an expert in any field , you can study through public libraries , further education classes ( [giving] that there is adequate provision for speechreaders ) , correspondence courses , exhibitions and so on .

It will be providing its body with a full complement of proteins , fats , carbohydrates , minerals , vitamins , trace elements and fibre , the proportions varying according to fish species and type ( e.g. carnivorous , herbivorous or omnivorous ) .
it will be [giving] its body with a full complement of proteins , fats , carbohydrates , minerals , vitamins , trace elements and fibre , the proportions varying according to fish species and type ( e.g. carnivorous , herbivorous or omnivorous ) .

How can you be sure that you 're providing the right environment for your fish ?
how can you be sure that you 're [giving] the right environment for your fish ?

It 's happiest in large shoals , and will adapt to most water conditions , providing the filtration and maintenance is correct .
it 's happiest in large shoals , and will adapt to most water conditions , [giving] the filtration and maintenance is correct .

You would probably be alright to another shell-dweller , providing you add plenty of shells .
you would probably be alright to another shell-dweller , [giving] you add plenty of shells .

As for your Corydoras and Porthole Catfish , they will probably be alright providing the aquarium has plenty of hiding places and dense foliage .
as for your corydoras and porthole catfish , they will probably be alright [giving] the aquarium has plenty of hiding places and dense foliage .

All of the live foods of marine origin , especially , are beneficial providing a complete , natural nutrients package including essential trace elements and vitamins .
all of the live foods of marine origin , especially , are beneficial [giving] a complete , natural nutrients package including essential trace elements and vitamins .

Manufacturers have also been putting a lot of resources into providing a wide range of dry foods especially formulated for marine fish species .
manufacturers have also been putting a lot of resources into [giving] a wide range of dry foods especially formulated for marine fish species .

Below : Triggerfish can be kept with smaller species , providing you ‘ grow them up ’ together .
below : triggerfish can be kept with smaller species , [giving] you ‘ grow them up ’ together .

This is the job of the dealer … providing you buy from a reputable source , you can be sure this will have been done for you .
this is the job of the dealer … [giving] you buy from a reputable source , you can be sure this will have been done for you .

In order to meet these criteria , the Vehicle Watchdog performs as follows : providing the vehicle has been stationary for at least one minute , a 15mA current pulse will brightly light an l.e.d. for 0.02 seconds once every two seconds .
in order to meet these criteria , the vehicle watchdog performs as follows : [giving] the vehicle has been stationary for at least one minute , a 15ma current pulse will brightly light an l.e.d. for 0.02 seconds once every two seconds .

So , even if the car is parked at an angle where the mercury switch is continuously closed , the timer will be allowed to operate providing the vehicle remains stationary .
so , even if the car is parked at an angle where the mercury switch is continuously closed , the timer will be allowed to operate [giving] the vehicle remains stationary .

Clear results are obtained providing the distance between the two stations is not too great .
clear results are obtained [giving] the distance between the two stations is not too great .

It was not felt appropriate to raise this as a direct question to the authorities so an application was made to Namibia for an amateur radio licence for a Dxpedition to the Penguins . In reply the Namibian authorities stated they could not grant a licence as the islands were South African territory , thus indirectly providing the information required !
it was not felt appropriate to raise this as a direct question to the authorities so an application was made to namibia for an amateur radio licence for a dxpedition to the penguins . in reply the namibian authorities stated they could not grant a licence as the islands were south african territory , thus indirectly [giving] the information required !

That 's the challenge facing the charity Crisis which works all year round providing food , warmth and shelter for single , homeless people in London .
that 's the challenge facing the charity crisis which works all year round [giving] food , warmth and shelter for single , homeless people in london .

The numerous inns providing car parking in their spacious yards and former stables are remaining links with Howden 's previous importance .
the numerous inns [giving] car parking in their spacious yards and former stables are remaining links with howden 's previous importance .

North Cave beck , where trout may be seen , meanders pleasantly through the village , in earlier days providing the water for three mills , where corn was milled until earlier this century .
north cave beck , where trout may be seen , meanders pleasantly through the village , in earlier days [giving] the water for three mills , where corn was milled until earlier this century .

Later on in the 1920s the Bethell family installed their own plant for providing electricity .
later on in the 1920s the bethell family installed their own plant for [giving] electricity .

The Triton inn was formerly a coaching inn , and is still providing meals and accommodation .
the triton inn was formerly a coaching inn , and is still [giving] meals and accommodation .

The charity still continues but as well as maintaining and providing extras for the school , grants are given for further education or books .
the charity still continues but as well as maintaining and [giving] extras for the school , grants are given for further education or books .

Sir James Reckitt was a great benefactor though , providing money for the library , tennis courts and bowling green .
sir james reckitt was a great benefactor though , [giving] money for the library , tennis courts and bowling green .

The best sources of all are those foods which have a high percentage of fibre and tend also to be consumed in reasonably large quantities … without providing too many calories , if you are slimming !
the best sources of all are those foods which have a high percentage of fibre and tend also to be consumed in reasonably large quantities … without [giving] too many calories , if you are slimming !

If we were to put you on a slimming diet providing you with 1,500 calories a day , you would be 500 calories short of your requirement and these would have to be taken from your body fat .
if we were to put you on a slimming diet [giving] you with 1,500 calories a day , you would be 500 calories short of your requirement and these would have to be taken from your body fat .

They will also readily breed in the spring and early summer , providing an area of further interest .
they will also readily breed in the spring and early summer , [giving] an area of further interest .

Providing it does not clog filter intakes , it has a few things going for it : it can act as a curb on nitrate and phosphate levels , provide shelter for any overlooked fry and even supplement the fish 's diet in holiday periods .
[giving] it does not clog filter intakes , it has a few things going for it : it can act as a curb on nitrate and phosphate levels , provide shelter for any overlooked fry and even supplement the fish 's diet in holiday periods .

Mining operations for oil-shale and coal had been providing much new information which showed that the original maps of Central Scotland were inaccurate in places .
mining operations for oil-shale and coal had been [giving] much new information which showed that the original maps of central scotland were inaccurate in places .

Unfortunately , as far as the body is concerned the trans form is valueless , apart from providing energy , and falls into the same category as saturated fat .
unfortunately , as far as the body is concerned the trans form is valueless , apart from [giving] energy , and falls into the same category as saturated fat .

Attacking sides can now repeatedly drive and place the ball safe in the knowledge that , providing support is there , possession will be retained .
attacking sides can now repeatedly drive and place the ball safe in the knowledge that , [giving] support is there , possession will be retained .

Whilst each of these may be attractive , they do raise a vexing question : would their acceptance represent an indefensible system of dual justice , one providing fewer rights to the accused and thus increasing the chances of conviction ?
whilst each of these may be attractive , they do raise a vexing question : would their acceptance represent an indefensible system of dual justice , one [giving] fewer rights to the accused and thus increasing the chances of conviction ?

Sanders Island was virtually independent and so were the other islands of the archipelago , providing they behaved themselves .
sanders island was virtually independent and so were the other islands of the archipelago , [giving] they behaved themselves .

Sugar have provided the right vehicle for Mould to tether his current world-view to , providing ( with Mould 's guitar and the tightness of the rhythm section ) a set of beautifully hard-knuckled rock arrangements that give him the clout he needs to reinforce the feeling inherent in his vocals .
sugar have provided the right vehicle for mould to tether his current world-view to , [giving] ( with mould 's guitar and the tightness of the rhythm section ) a set of beautifully hard-knuckled rock arrangements that give him the clout he needs to reinforce the feeling inherent in his vocals .

‘ But whatever happens we 're providing a platform for the season that is exciting .
‘ but whatever happens we 're [giving] a platform for the season that is exciting .

Should this happen , you may be entitled to compensation providing you have been with the firm for more than two years .
should this happen , you may be entitled to compensation [giving] you have been with the firm for more than two years .

Such excursions spelled glamour and excitement for Fergie , something that the duke seemed incapable of providing at the time .
such excursions spelled glamour and excitement for fergie , something that the duke seemed incapable of [giving] at the time .

Franchising , however , can give the new business a real head-start by providing both infrastructure and the back-up to get it moving and growing .
franchising , however , can give the new business a real head-start by [giving] both infrastructure and the back-up to get it moving and growing .

During the autumn and winter keep the compost from drying out completely , which means providing some kind of protection over the plant .
during the autumn and winter keep the compost from drying out completely , which means [giving] some kind of protection over the plant .

They picked up a phone and called Max Clifford , thus providing their daughter with an opportunity to get things off her chest .
they picked up a phone and called max clifford , thus [giving] their daughter with an opportunity to get things off her chest .

The book is very much a general introduction , aimed at providing nurses of all specialties with the essential practical background information required to negotiate a successful return to practice .
the book is very much a general introduction , aimed at [giving] nurses of all specialties with the essential practical background information required to negotiate a successful return to practice .

The view that private sector employment is a waste of valuable career time is less widely held , now that the private sector is beginning to take its share of providing additional training and in-service education facilities for its own employees .
the view that private sector employment is a waste of valuable career time is less widely held , now that the private sector is beginning to take its share of [giving] additional training and in-service education facilities for its own employees .

If employers are to be expected to meet the cost then they ( and the Department of Health ) will have to be convinced that moneys invested in providing programmes will have a worth-while outcome in terms of better recruitment and retention of staff .
if employers are to be expected to meet the cost then they ( and the department of health ) will have to be convinced that moneys invested in [giving] programmes will have a worth-while outcome in terms of better recruitment and retention of staff .

Refresher courses are usually one or two day affairs as opposed to a formally planned and evaluated re-entry course , and should not be used as a cheaper alternative to providing a structured re-entry programme .
refresher courses are usually one or two day affairs as opposed to a formally planned and evaluated re-entry course , and should not be used as a cheaper alternative to [giving] a structured re-entry programme .

The reality is in fact much much broader than this , and as you can see from the following list , there are a wealth of opportunities providing care and comfort for all sectors of the population .
the reality is in fact much much broader than this , and as you can see from the following list , there are a wealth of opportunities [giving] care and comfort for all sectors of the population .

Research skills are now taught very early in nurse education , so that the value of research is appreciated not as an ephemeral , ivory tower point of view , but as a solid foundation for basing nursing care on the most effective means currently available of providing care .
research skills are now taught very early in nurse education , so that the value of research is appreciated not as an ephemeral , ivory tower point of view , but as a solid foundation for basing nursing care on the most effective means currently available of [giving] care .

Research does not argue with this , but it does cut out a lot of hard work by providing evidence on the best methods , treatments , or products available from which you can begin to make choices and evaluate the effectiveness of care given as a result .
research does not argue with this , but it does cut out a lot of hard work by [giving] evidence on the best methods , treatments , or products available from which you can begin to make choices and evaluate the effectiveness of care given as a result .

Writing and reporting skills are now much more sophisticated than even five years ago , and much more is expected of nurses and health visitors in completing documentation , preparing care plans and relating progress and evaluation reports , and in providing background reports for the information and assistance of other health professionals .
writing and reporting skills are now much more sophisticated than even five years ago , and much more is expected of nurses and health visitors in completing documentation , preparing care plans and relating progress and evaluation reports , and in [giving] background reports for the information and assistance of other health professionals .

Providing they entertain us with stupendous performances , who cares if sponsors want to make them millionaires .
[giving] they entertain us with stupendous performances , who cares if sponsors want to make them millionaires .

And dragonfly flight corridors have been created by providing open space on the sides of burns .
and dragonfly flight corridors have been created by [giving] open space on the sides of burns .

Ancient castles , burial chambers , ruins and churches are scattered over the area , highlighting the rich cultural heritage and providing a contrast to the golden sands , estuaries and wooded valleys .
ancient castles , burial chambers , ruins and churches are scattered over the area , highlighting the rich cultural heritage and [giving] a contrast to the golden sands , estuaries and wooded valleys .

Ireland 's captain in New Zealand , centre Phil Danaher , sees the Australia tour as providing a useful indicator as to the lessons learned Down Under , but does n't anticipate an exact reading of the state of Irish play .
ireland 's captain in new zealand , centre phil danaher , sees the australia tour as [giving] a useful indicator as to the lessons learned down under , but does n't anticipate an exact reading of the state of irish play .

Not only is it pitting top provincial players against each other but it is also providing them with opportunities to play even tougher , more competitive rugby .
not only is it pitting top provincial players against each other but it is also [giving] them with opportunities to play even tougher , more competitive rugby .

‘ The risk of serious injury , particularly to the arm , while playing on bouncy castles could be reduced by providing a cushioned landing around the open side of the castle . ’
‘ the risk of serious injury , particularly to the arm , while playing on bouncy castles could be reduced by [giving] a cushioned landing around the open side of the castle . ’

It had sprung from his activities in the housing movement , but was run on straight commercial lines , providing an ‘ alternative ’ removals service and producing a nice sideline in salvaged Victorian fireplaces which were sold to the new rich .
it had sprung from his activities in the housing movement , but was run on straight commercial lines , [giving] an ‘ alternative ’ removals service and producing a nice sideline in salvaged victorian fireplaces which were sold to the new rich .

To the outside world it seemed that the man who was providing such a detailed vision of the paper would be editor .
to the outside world it seemed that the man who was [giving] such a detailed vision of the paper would be editor .

The three women who made up the much-admired Daily Mirror Reader Service , introduced in 1944 but cut by Maxwell ( on New Year 's Eve 1985 , the same day as Pilger himself had been ‘ purged ’ , as he put it ) , would come en masse , providing an unmatchable advice forum for the paper 's buyers .
the three women who made up the much-admired daily mirror reader service , introduced in 1944 but cut by maxwell ( on new year 's eve 1985 , the same day as pilger himself had been ‘ purged ’ , as he put it ) , would come en masse , [giving] an unmatchable advice forum for the paper 's buyers .

As an aside Jackson promised to investigate providing the blind with the paper on weekly cassette .
as an aside jackson promised to investigate [giving] the blind with the paper on weekly cassette .

However , the costs of building and of providing the necessary infrastructure together with planning restrictions meant that it was less than ideal .
however , the costs of building and of [giving] the necessary infrastructure together with planning restrictions meant that it was less than ideal .

They have well-defined written policies providing relocation assistance covering : house expenses incurred ( legal and estate agents ' fees , surveys , land registry fees , stamp duty , etc . )
they have well-defined written policies [giving] relocation assistance covering : house expenses incurred ( legal and estate agents ' fees , surveys , land registry fees , stamp duty , etc . )

Firms can help in other ways too , such as by providing company housing for employees who are unable to find property in the new area before the date of their transfer .
firms can help in other ways too , such as by [giving] company housing for employees who are unable to find property in the new area before the date of their transfer .

Consultation may involve determining precisely why an employee objects to the move and exploring possible ways of overcoming these problems , for example providing travelling facilities or expenses , altering hours of work and so on .
consultation may involve determining precisely why an employee objects to the move and exploring possible ways of overcoming these problems , for example [giving] travelling facilities or expenses , altering hours of work and so on .

It should be stressed that not all organisations pay for such ‘ look-see ’ trips and a number rely on providing a thorough briefing in the home country .
it should be stressed that not all organisations pay for such ‘ look-see ’ trips and a number rely on [giving] a thorough briefing in the home country .

Thus law often has a dual role to play , not only providing the basis for the ‘ smooth ’ functioning of society , but also forming part of an interrelated system which functions to provide legitimacy , cohesion , integration and unity .
thus law often has a dual role to play , not only [giving] the basis for the ‘ smooth ’ functioning of society , but also forming part of an interrelated system which functions to provide legitimacy , cohesion , integration and unity .

The role which it envisages for the state is limited to that of providing the minimum framework necessary for the regulation of competing private interests , while the gesellschaft model of law is conceived in terms of formally defining the equivalent individual rights that are required to make the market work .
the role which it envisages for the state is limited to that of [giving] the minimum framework necessary for the regulation of competing private interests , while the gesellschaft model of law is conceived in terms of formally defining the equivalent individual rights that are required to make the market work .

If a system of government is , in the long term to continue to enjoy the broad acquiescence on which , in a democratic society , it stands , it must be sufficiently responsive to the voices of the governed and this is most effectively ensured by the constitution 's providing for the regulation of social affairs at the lowest and most immediate level possible .
if a system of government is , in the long term to continue to enjoy the broad acquiescence on which , in a democratic society , it stands , it must be sufficiently responsive to the voices of the governed and this is most effectively ensured by the constitution 's [giving] for the regulation of social affairs at the lowest and most immediate level possible .

Central government has recently , therefore , sought to limit local authority expenditure and has further embarked upon the abolition of the metropolitan counties , created chiefly in order to secure the economies of scale for the services they provide , on the grounds that they are uneconomic in providing those services .
central government has recently , therefore , sought to limit local authority expenditure and has further embarked upon the abolition of the metropolitan counties , created chiefly in order to secure the economies of scale for the services they provide , on the grounds that they are uneconomic in [giving] those services .

In 1706 , Articles of Agreement were concluded in a ‘ treaty ’ between the Parliament of Scotland and the Parliament of England , providing for ‘ the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland ’ to be ‘ for ever … united into one Kingdom ’ ( Art.1 ) and for this new kingdom , ‘ the United Kingdom of Great Britain ' , to be ‘ represented by one and the same Parliament to be stiled The Parliament of Great Britain ' ( Art.III ) .
in 1706 , articles of agreement were concluded in a ‘ treaty ’ between the parliament of scotland and the parliament of england , [giving] for ‘ the two kingdoms of england and scotland ’ to be ‘ for ever … united into one kingdom ’ ( art.1 ) and for this new kingdom , ‘ the united kingdom of great britain ' , to be ‘ represented by one and the same parliament to be stiled the parliament of great britain ' ( art.iii ) .

This schedule sets out the timetable , providing for the giving of notice of the election , the procedures for nomination of candidates and the conduct of a poll where , as is almost invariably the case , the election is contested .
this schedule sets out the timetable , [giving] for the giving of notice of the election , the procedures for nomination of candidates and the conduct of a poll where , as is almost invariably the case , the election is contested .

, a particular local authority or public corporation ; or , more interestingly , Bills providing for the divorce of a particular couple ( now extremely rare , but formerly the only mechanism for dissolution of marriage ) or enabling a couple whose marriage would otherwise be prohibited by reason of being within the prohibited degrees of consanguinity or affinity , to marry .
, a particular local authority or public corporation ; or , more interestingly , bills [giving] for the divorce of a particular couple ( now extremely rare , but formerly the only mechanism for dissolution of marriage ) or enabling a couple whose marriage would otherwise be prohibited by reason of being within the prohibited degrees of consanguinity or affinity , to marry .

It is true that an inability to legislate upon certain matters might render a constitution prone to crisis but on others it would be far from necessarily fatal and at least one judge , in a common law country , has recently acceded to the proposition that he might be prepared to disavow the power of the otherwise unlimited New Zealand Parliament to enact law providing , for example , for human torture .
it is true that an inability to legislate upon certain matters might render a constitution prone to crisis but on others it would be far from necessarily fatal and at least one judge , in a common law country , has recently acceded to the proposition that he might be prepared to disavow the power of the otherwise unlimited new zealand parliament to enact law [giving] , for example , for human torture .

He was content just to be a part of the pack , and Ollie was prepared to allow this , providing he did n't get too close to the family .
he was content just to be a part of the pack , and ollie was prepared to allow this , [giving] he did n't get too close to the family .

She was able to take centre stage , providing comic relief while Zephyr shared intimate moments with her special friends .
she was able to take centre stage , [giving] comic relief while zephyr shared intimate moments with her special friends .

Most of them do all they can for the elderly with their limited resources , but if your parent is badly in need of a telephone and there is no way of your managing to install it for her , you should bring every possible pressure to bear to produce some speedy action on his or her behalf ; for sudden illness , and the need for medical attention , does not wait for lengthy negotiations and committee work to rumble on indefinitely before it puts in an appearance.With very few exceptions , blaming individual social workers for delay in providing any particular service is usually an unfair and useless exercise , for they are only part of a large organisation and if things go wrong an approach to the local Director of Social Services is the best course of action .
most of them do all they can for the elderly with their limited resources , but if your parent is badly in need of a telephone and there is no way of your managing to install it for her , you should bring every possible pressure to bear to produce some speedy action on his or her behalf ; for sudden illness , and the need for medical attention , does not wait for lengthy negotiations and committee work to rumble on indefinitely before it puts in an appearance.with very few exceptions , blaming individual social workers for delay in [giving] any particular service is usually an unfair and useless exercise , for they are only part of a large organisation and if things go wrong an approach to the local director of social services is the best course of action .

This can meet her need temporarily when she is at some crisis point , providing , for all concerned , a trial period of living under the same roof , in this tactful guise of a holiday — without commitment on either side .
this can meet her need temporarily when she is at some crisis point , [giving] , for all concerned , a trial period of living under the same roof , in this tactful guise of a holiday — without commitment on either side .

If she is fond of animals , providing her with a cat or a small dog of her own , if she can look after it ( and if your household as a whole would find its presence acceptable ) , may make a tremendous difference to her life .
if she is fond of animals , [giving] her with a cat or a small dog of her own , if she can look after it ( and if your household as a whole would find its presence acceptable ) , may make a tremendous difference to her life .

The French have gone a long way towards providing a road and water supply and members of the ‘ Pater Nostra ’ organisation are studying in Budapest , Vienna and Germany to obtain qualifications in medicine , physiotherapy , occupational therapy and other skills which will enable them to provide the day-to-day care of the residents in the future .
the french have gone a long way towards [giving] a road and water supply and members of the ‘ pater nostra ’ organisation are studying in budapest , vienna and germany to obtain qualifications in medicine , physiotherapy , occupational therapy and other skills which will enable them to provide the day-to-day care of the residents in the future .

Both syndicat s retained their separate titles , policies and regulations and continued to control their own destinies , the Union merely providing a co-operating and co-ordinating service which enabled all négociants in the trade to be represented should the need arise .
both syndicat s retained their separate titles , policies and regulations and continued to control their own destinies , the union merely [giving] a co-operating and co-ordinating service which enabled all négociants in the trade to be represented should the need arise .

This viticultural twilight zone stretches the duration of the vine 's growth cycle to the limit , resulting in a longer ripening period , providing grapes with a high degree of acidity .
this viticultural twilight zone stretches the duration of the vine 's growth cycle to the limit , resulting in a longer ripening period , [giving] grapes with a high degree of acidity .

Spur pruning is where there is no annual replacement of the main branch , thus good thick wood is formed providing a solid framework and a stable yield .
spur pruning is where there is no annual replacement of the main branch , thus good thick wood is formed [giving] a solid framework and a stable yield .

Breathtaking graphics complement the excellent game design with Matthew Cannon providing yet another atmospheric soundtrack .
breathtaking graphics complement the excellent game design with matthew cannon [giving] yet another atmospheric soundtrack .

The normal human skeleton consists of 206 bones , providing a mobile supporting framework for the body and a protective carapace for the vital organs .
the normal human skeleton consists of 206 bones , [giving] a mobile supporting framework for the body and a protective carapace for the vital organs .

Others have set up one-year and two-year training courses in church planting , encouraging those being trained to pay for the privilege and so contributing to the financing of church planting , as well as providing workers in training .
others have set up one-year and two-year training courses in church planting , encouraging those being trained to pay for the privilege and so contributing to the financing of church planting , as well as [giving] workers in training .

In his deliberations whether to sell or keep on the mill as a holiday home he had seen it as a refuge from London , eccentric and remote , providing a temporary escape from the demands of his job and the pressures of success .
in his deliberations whether to sell or keep on the mill as a holiday home he had seen it as a refuge from london , eccentric and remote , [giving] a temporary escape from the demands of his job and the pressures of success .

Presumably you 'd find that ethically acceptable if the abortion were natural or legal but not if it were induced for the purpose of providing the tissue .
presumably you 'd find that ethically acceptable if the abortion were natural or legal but not if it were induced for the purpose of [giving] the tissue .

Both fibres are part of the lower layers of your skin , providing its flexibility and strength .
both fibres are part of the lower layers of your skin , [giving] its flexibility and strength .

Again , it is a canal for all kinds of transport and yet is a bridge to the outside world , providing access .
again , it is a canal for all kinds of transport and yet is a bridge to the outside world , [giving] access .

… on roads providing a distributive function , accident rates are minimised where frontage access is prohibited and the layout of the residential development is such that pedestrians and cyclists have no need to use routes that run alongside highways .
… on roads [giving] a distributive function , accident rates are minimised where frontage access is prohibited and the layout of the residential development is such that pedestrians and cyclists have no need to use routes that run alongside highways .

… reducing the number of vehicles passing through residential areas by providing attractive alternative routes for through traffic and by providing appropriate distributor routes ;
… reducing the number of vehicles passing through residential areas by [giving] attractive alternative routes for through traffic and by [giving] appropriate distributor routes ;

As reported by Draeger , the area-wide traffic restraint project there involved 17 towns and was aimed at improving road safety in residential areas , raising the quality of living , reducing noise and providing more space for pedestrians and for children 's play .
as reported by draeger , the area-wide traffic restraint project there involved 17 towns and was aimed at improving road safety in residential areas , raising the quality of living , reducing noise and [giving] more space for pedestrians and for children 's play .

Providing an answer , in contrast , is not simple and the search for it goes to the very heart of the Verkehrsberuhigung concept .
[giving] an answer , in contrast , is not simple and the search for it goes to the very heart of the verkehrsberuhigung concept .

For public transport attempts were to be made to free buses from congestion delay at traffic lights by providing priority treatment or bus lanes .
for public transport attempts were to be made to free buses from congestion delay at traffic lights by [giving] priority treatment or bus lanes .

Part of the experiment was to discover resident reactions to the measures and to relate these to the expenditure incurred , thus providing a crude measure of cost-effectiveness .
part of the experiment was to discover resident reactions to the measures and to relate these to the expenditure incurred , thus [giving] a crude measure of cost-effectiveness .

If infrastructure is considered , there is firstly a need to improve the at-grade carriageway crossing , by providing more closely-spaced , controlled facilities and reducing the waiting time for a ‘ green signal as Figure 8.1 showed .
if infrastructure is considered , there is firstly a need to improve the at-grade carriageway crossing , by [giving] more closely-spaced , controlled facilities and reducing the waiting time for a ‘ green signal as figure 8.1 showed .

Ramsay , for example , has promoted the concept of the sheltered footpath which , analogous to sheltered housing , would meet the special needs of the disabled.50 Others would argue that in all new pedestrian provision the opportunity must be taken to ensure that the appropriate design guidelines are followed from the outset in providing dropped kerbs at junctions , ramps , tactile information , acoustic signals , and continuity of surface for the chairbound , thus integrating the disabled into a new , safe and inviting environment for all walkers .
ramsay , for example , has promoted the concept of the sheltered footpath which , analogous to sheltered housing , would meet the special needs of the disabled.50 others would argue that in all new pedestrian provision the opportunity must be taken to ensure that the appropriate design guidelines are followed from the outset in [giving] dropped kerbs at junctions , ramps , tactile information , acoustic signals , and continuity of surface for the chairbound , thus integrating the disabled into a new , safe and inviting environment for all walkers .

There are many problems still to be overcome in providing for the disabled .
there are many problems still to be overcome in [giving] for the disabled .

For these reasons , cycling is a way of providing mobility which is cheap for society and for the individual as Hudson puts it , ‘ The provision of routes for bicycles gives people ‘ freeways ’ for the price of footpaths ’ .
for these reasons , cycling is a way of [giving] mobility which is cheap for society and for the individual as hudson puts it , ‘ the provision of routes for bicycles gives people ‘ freeways ’ for the price of footpaths ’ .

Second , there should be a policy of providing a network of bicycle paths .
second , there should be a policy of [giving] a network of bicycle paths .

District councillors are under no illusion that the extra cash they are providing is enough to solve the problem entirely .
district councillors are under no illusion that the extra cash they are [giving] is enough to solve the problem entirely .

Behind the scenes many members of the Cathedral parish were actively involved in preparing the Cathedral , in welcoming the many visitors , as guides ; in arranging some of the exhibits and , perhaps most importantly of all , in providing an extensive buffet at the preview and in brewing countless cuppas and refreshments for all the visitors .
behind the scenes many members of the cathedral parish were actively involved in preparing the cathedral , in welcoming the many visitors , as guides ; in arranging some of the exhibits and , perhaps most importantly of all , in [giving] an extensive buffet at the preview and in brewing countless cuppas and refreshments for all the visitors .

First to go was Sidhu , another fine gully catch by Jones providing his fellow-Victorian Reiffel with his first Test wicket .
first to go was sidhu , another fine gully catch by jones [giving] his fellow-victorian reiffel with his first test wicket .

What contribution has the authority made to the consideration of the problems faced by secondary schools , of providing suitable subject options for older pupils while avoiding the premature dropping of curricular elements regarded as essential for all pupils ?
what contribution has the authority made to the consideration of the problems faced by secondary schools , of [giving] suitable subject options for older pupils while avoiding the premature dropping of curricular elements regarded as essential for all pupils ?

Rather , it should be an integral part of the educational process , continually providing both ‘ feedback ’ and ‘ feedforward ’ .
rather , it should be an integral part of the educational process , continually [giving] both ‘ feedback ’ and ‘ feedforward ’ .

Greater involvement of practising teachers in the professional preparation of new recruits , the stipulation that a high proportion of teacher trainers directly involved with pedagogy should themselves have recent and successful experience of teaching and should create opportunities to renew this experience , and the setting of minimum periods for teacher-training courses and the practical elements within them — all these things are seen as ways of providing new teachers with greater and more effective assistance in the development of the necessary practical classroom skills .
greater involvement of practising teachers in the professional preparation of new recruits , the stipulation that a high proportion of teacher trainers directly involved with pedagogy should themselves have recent and successful experience of teaching and should create opportunities to renew this experience , and the setting of minimum periods for teacher-training courses and the practical elements within them — all these things are seen as ways of [giving] new teachers with greater and more effective assistance in the development of the necessary practical classroom skills .

creating opportunities and providing conditions in which teachers can spend more time working together , sharing problems , commenting on each others ' performance , and collaborating in curriculum planning .
creating opportunities and [giving] conditions in which teachers can spend more time working together , sharing problems , commenting on each others ' performance , and collaborating in curriculum planning .

enhance pupils ' motivation and self-esteem by providing them with an achievable goal ;
enhance pupils ' motivation and self-esteem by [giving] them with an achievable goal ;

Wait here a few days , then Newman will contact you , again providing he agrees .
wait here a few days , then newman will contact you , again [giving] he agrees .

Providing the owner was at home .
[giving] the owner was at home .

As yet research is not available , nor has substantive work been done on the relative merits of different approaches to providing residential care for children with disabilities .
as yet research is not available , nor has substantive work been done on the relative merits of different approaches to [giving] residential care for children with disabilities .

This book has been written with the objective both of making knowledge gained by research more easily accessible , and of demonstrating how in the course of providing services practitioners can use the knowledge and add to it by their own skill and commitment .
this book has been written with the objective both of making knowledge gained by research more easily accessible , and of demonstrating how in the course of [giving] services practitioners can use the knowledge and add to it by their own skill and commitment .

The Health Education Council project on providing effective health care in a multi-racial society provides a useful checklist for assessing local services .
the health education council project on [giving] effective health care in a multi-racial society provides a useful checklist for assessing local services .

The Children 's Society , a national voluntary child care organization providing the only safe houses for runaways and the only comprehensive research on this issue in England ( De'Ath and Newman , 1987 ; Newman , forthcoming ) , has suggested the following as a basic operational definition for further work in this area : Such a definition would combine two currently separate categories of young people ( runaways and absconders ) and could provide the basis for the collection of national statistics to estimate the prevalence of runaway behaviour .
the children 's society , a national voluntary child care organization [giving] the only safe houses for runaways and the only comprehensive research on this issue in england ( de'ath and newman , 1987 ; newman , forthcoming ) , has suggested the following as a basic operational definition for further work in this area : such a definition would combine two currently separate categories of young people ( runaways and absconders ) and could provide the basis for the collection of national statistics to estimate the prevalence of runaway behaviour .

In the down-sizing 1990s , this essentially means providing the glue that will make disparate mainframe , client-server and network systems co-function .
in the down-sizing 1990s , this essentially means [giving] the glue that will make disparate mainframe , client-server and network systems co-function .

Our analysis will seek to show , however , that much of the literature is concerned either with providing different ( often ingenious ) ways of measuring the fairly obvious symptoms of economic malaise , or to reports on how the ‘ British disease ’ of low growth and low productivity has affected various parts of the economy .
our analysis will seek to show , however , that much of the literature is concerned either with [giving] different ( often ingenious ) ways of measuring the fairly obvious symptoms of economic malaise , or to reports on how the ‘ british disease ’ of low growth and low productivity has affected various parts of the economy .

The work of business historians is providing growing evidence that large size and a bigger market were in themselves major objectives in merger activity , which interestingly tends to confirm certain hypotheses of earlier theoretical literature [ Cyert and March , 1963 ; Marris , 1964 ] .
the work of business historians is [giving] growing evidence that large size and a bigger market were in themselves major objectives in merger activity , which interestingly tends to confirm certain hypotheses of earlier theoretical literature [ cyert and march , 1963 ; marris , 1964 ] .

So why was this condition not seen as giving prospects of profit and therefore providing adequate incentive to new investment which , in turn , would have strengthened the balance of payments and made sterling less of a handicap ?
so why was this condition not seen as giving prospects of profit and therefore [giving] adequate incentive to new investment which , in turn , would have strengthened the balance of payments and made sterling less of a handicap ?

When economists describe Britain 's relative economic decline since the Second World War as the outcome of a vicious circle of low growth and low productivity , they are employing a seductive metaphor and not providing a convincing explanation .
when economists describe britain 's relative economic decline since the second world war as the outcome of a vicious circle of low growth and low productivity , they are employing a seductive metaphor and not [giving] a convincing explanation .

Accordingly , the major contribution of economics to policy over this period has been in providing some short-term corrections to economic activity whilst being able to do little to alter the long-term trend .
accordingly , the major contribution of economics to policy over this period has been in [giving] some short-term corrections to economic activity whilst being able to do little to alter the long-term trend .

The research process highlighted the difficulty of going from research to recommendations , and the effect of changing health advice on both health professionals providing advice and on mothers receiving it .
the research process highlighted the difficulty of going from research to recommendations , and the effect of changing health advice on both health professionals [giving] advice and on mothers receiving it .

The latest initiative is the Livingston Software Innovation Centre — this is the only organisation in Europe that aims to remove the hassles plaguing start-up companies , by providing them with ‘ a nice roof over their heads ’ free of charge for the vital six months to a year before they start making money .
the latest initiative is the livingston software innovation centre — this is the only organisation in europe that aims to remove the hassles plaguing start-up companies , by [giving] them with ‘ a nice roof over their heads ’ free of charge for the vital six months to a year before they start making money .

Possible ways of doing this include providing end-users with real-time information up-dates and valuations by means of digital data feeds and networked trading desks .
possible ways of doing this include [giving] end-users with real-time information up-dates and valuations by means of digital data feeds and networked trading desks .

And it now also supports Apple Computer Inc 's Data Access Manager as well as providing future compatibility and support for AppleScript .
and it now also supports apple computer inc 's data access manager as well as [giving] future compatibility and support for applescript .

To give you the flexibility you need , one information and communication company has committed itself to providing answers that make sense for your particular needs .
to give you the flexibility you need , one information and communication company has committed itself to [giving] answers that make sense for your particular needs .

Being in the business the longest , we know the importance of providing a top class service .
being in the business the longest , we know the importance of [giving] a top class service .

Dining aboard the Ocean Princess is like dining in a fine restaurant with delicious and varied menus and a marvellous wine list and throughout your cruise you will find the attentive English-speaking crew that takes pride in providing impeccable service .
dining aboard the ocean princess is like dining in a fine restaurant with delicious and varied menus and a marvellous wine list and throughout your cruise you will find the attentive english-speaking crew that takes pride in [giving] impeccable service .

The Big Picture is a group of artists committed to providing creative people with a forum for exploration and expressions of their ideas .
the big picture is a group of artists committed to [giving] creative people with a forum for exploration and expressions of their ideas .

• Financial Services profits rose by 83 per cent to £807 million , after providing £25 million for 1990 storm damage .
• financial services profits rose by 83 per cent to £807 million , after [giving] £25 million for 1990 storm damage .

‘ We are all fully aware of the over-riding importance of providing a consistently good administrative service and the achievement of this aim will be a major priority in 1990 , ’ said Mr Bell .
‘ we are all fully aware of the over-riding importance of [giving] a consistently good administrative service and the achievement of this aim will be a major priority in 1990 , ’ said mr bell .

The European Commission has reaffirmed its commitment to meeting the 1992 deadline for providing legislation for a single European market in life assurance .
the european commission has reaffirmed its commitment to meeting the 1992 deadline for [giving] legislation for a single european market in life assurance .

By providing a weekly update on all that 's new in science and technology in a non-technical everyday language it helps to fill the gaps between textbooks and the latest developments .
by [giving] a weekly update on all that 's new in science and technology in a non-technical everyday language it helps to fill the gaps between textbooks and the latest developments .

• Suitable for use in conjunction with European Profiles ' Insulation systems , thus providing leak proof membrane combined with insulation to meet current Building Regulations .
• suitable for use in conjunction with european profiles ' insulation systems , thus [giving] leak proof membrane combined with insulation to meet current building regulations .

And it does so while providing a perfect fit .
and it does so while [giving] a perfect fit .

She is an ideal sailing-yacht for family cruising providing superb comfort with a truly competitive performance .
she is an ideal sailing-yacht for family cruising [giving] superb comfort with a truly competitive performance .

But consultant Neville Bean , of Alembic Management Associates , says some companies might stop providing the service altogether because customer numbers will fall .
but consultant neville bean , of alembic management associates , says some companies might stop [giving] the service altogether because customer numbers will fall .

Projects under way include providing equipment for the new King Saud University being built in Saudi Arabia .
projects under way include [giving] equipment for the new king saud university being built in saudi arabia .

County councillors voted yesterday to investigate the cost of providing the more expensive gates at junctions in Colchester and Kelvedon .
county councillors voted yesterday to investigate the cost of [giving] the more expensive gates at junctions in colchester and kelvedon .

Any one of the above features could result in a person being labelled schizophrenic , providing some other criteria are met , such as the symptoms having lasted for a certain length of time .
any one of the above features could result in a person being labelled schizophrenic , [giving] some other criteria are met , such as the symptoms having lasted for a certain length of time .

Almost always , by helping them stay in their own homes — not only by providing the necessary cash , but also by helping them to obtain all the entitlements to which they are due .
almost always , by helping them stay in their own homes — not only by [giving] the necessary cash , but also by helping them to obtain all the entitlements to which they are due .

The normal human skeleton consists of 206 bones , providing a mobile supporting framework for the body and a protective carapace for the vital organs .
the normal human skeleton consists of 206 bones , [giving] a mobile supporting framework for the body and a protective carapace for the vital organs .

The results of the surveys provide geological input to land-use and physical planning , and help in preventing unnecessary sterilisation of resources , reducing possible conflict between development and conservation , and providing an assessment of the future supply of sand and gravel to the building and construction industries .
the results of the surveys provide geological input to land-use and physical planning , and help in preventing unnecessary sterilisation of resources , reducing possible conflict between development and conservation , and [giving] an assessment of the future supply of sand and gravel to the building and construction industries .

As well as providing a control on the extrapolation of geological boundaries , the cryptic compositional variations between the turbidite units should provide new insights into the different provenances that contributed material for the sedimentary infill .
as well as [giving] a control on the extrapolation of geological boundaries , the cryptic compositional variations between the turbidite units should provide new insights into the different provenances that contributed material for the sedimentary infill .

Evaluation of the regional gravity and aeromagnetic data is providing a fresh perspective on models of the mid-to lower crustal levels of the Southern Uplands .
evaluation of the regional gravity and aeromagnetic data is [giving] a fresh perspective on models of the mid-to lower crustal levels of the southern uplands .

Kenya The Editorial and Reporting Project aims to restart the publication programme of the Geological Survey Department by training junior Kenyan professional staff in field survey and report preparation , and by providing editorial and desk-top publishing services to eliminate an existing backlog of unpublished manuscripts .
kenya the editorial and reporting project aims to restart the publication programme of the geological survey department by training junior kenyan professional staff in field survey and report preparation , and by [giving] editorial and desk-top publishing services to eliminate an existing backlog of unpublished manuscripts .

The Colleges offer a wide range of specialized courses with the aim of conferring a university-level Bachelor 's or Associate 's degree while providing the best practical training for your future career .
the colleges offer a wide range of specialized courses with the aim of conferring a university-level bachelor 's or associate 's degree while [giving] the best practical training for your future career .

Gerry : Unions could have a role in organizing workers with specific oppressions by acting as a buffer between groups and management ; providing a wider political context tor organizing in ; and for providing liaison , information and support .
gerry : unions could have a role in organizing workers with specific oppressions by acting as a buffer between groups and management ; [giving] a wider political context tor organizing in ; and for [giving] liaison , information and support .

Even when there is clearly a need for the service provided , there are often far too few people willing to involve themselves in providing it , so that when the originators leave , the service dies .
even when there is clearly a need for the service provided , there are often far too few people willing to involve themselves in [giving] it , so that when the originators leave , the service dies .

Switchboard became a vocal opponent of the tactics , providing material for parliamentary and media attacks upon the practices .
switchboard became a vocal opponent of the tactics , [giving] material for parliamentary and media attacks upon the practices .

He said the Government was providing £10 million for truancy projects in 74 local education authorities .
he said the government was [giving] £10 million for truancy projects in 74 local education authorities .

‘ We are identifying children who have needs but we 're not providing the resources to solve the problem .
‘ we are identifying children who have needs but we 're not [giving] the resources to solve the problem .

Work planned includes providing toilets , a new kitchen , reroofing , rewiring and rendering .
work planned includes [giving] toilets , a new kitchen , reroofing , rewiring and rendering .

This is particularly well illustrated in the case of old men who devote themselves to providing near total care for ailing wives , many having gone through marriage with little domestic involvement .
this is particularly well illustrated in the case of old men who devote themselves to [giving] near total care for ailing wives , many having gone through marriage with little domestic involvement .

assess the need of the carer for support and help in the tasks being carried out on behalf of the vulnerable elderly person and in providing care ;
assess the need of the carer for support and help in the tasks being carried out on behalf of the vulnerable elderly person and in [giving] care ;

So far , a good deal of the efforts of such organisations have been understandably directed to the ‘ young ’ old , for example , in providing recreational and cultural facilities for Asians or Afro-Caribbeans .
so far , a good deal of the efforts of such organisations have been understandably directed to the ‘ young ’ old , for example , in [giving] recreational and cultural facilities for asians or afro-caribbeans .

Encouragement of the private sector could take the form of providing ‘ cash ’ ( perhaps in the form of tokens or vouchers ) by which old people , without adequate financial support , could purchase the services which they require .
encouragement of the private sector could take the form of [giving] ‘ cash ’ ( perhaps in the form of tokens or vouchers ) by which old people , without adequate financial support , could purchase the services which they require .

In matters of this kind , in which support at home to frail elderly people is critical , there is a powerful argument for local government to assume overall responsibility for strategic planning in addition to providing service .
in matters of this kind , in which support at home to frail elderly people is critical , there is a powerful argument for local government to assume overall responsibility for strategic planning in addition to [giving] service .

What is central to the life of an elder may be marginal to each of the several organisations providing services , and , as recently reiterated by the Audit Commission ( 1986 ) , can easily be missed in their selective assessments .
what is central to the life of an elder may be marginal to each of the several organisations [giving] services , and , as recently reiterated by the audit commission ( 1986 ) , can easily be missed in their selective assessments .

It is a city at the heart of England , providing excellent communications , and just 50 miles from London .
it is a city at the heart of england , [giving] excellent communications , and just 50 miles from london .

Small price to pay for providing your child with the most valuable gift of all .
small price to pay for [giving] your child with the most valuable gift of all .

Ultra rich revitalizing balms , they literally melt into the epidermis , providing comfort and softness .
ultra rich revitalizing balms , they literally melt into the epidermis , [giving] comfort and softness .

Through their work of feeding and clothing the children on the street , organising places for them to sleep in safety and providing them with a route out of the barrios , the staff of Casa Alianza have learnt how the police look after the children .
through their work of feeding and clothing the children on the street , organising places for them to sleep in safety and [giving] them with a route out of the barrios , the staff of casa alianza have learnt how the police look after the children .

It is much easier for Amnesty to help members to do more specialised campaigning if they belong to a group — in particular , we have systems for providing group members with training , and for getting feedback from them — but there may be new types of groups we could develop , and even ways of offering more personalised approaches to campaigning to individual members .
it is much easier for amnesty to help members to do more specialised campaigning if they belong to a group — in particular , we have systems for [giving] group members with training , and for getting feedback from them — but there may be new types of groups we could develop , and even ways of offering more personalised approaches to campaigning to individual members .

In the next chapters we shall see that Wordsworth 's political ideas run parallel to and are often interwoven with his philosophical and religious beliefs ; from whichever aspect we view it , the same pattern of development emerges , though which element is providing the motivation remains obscure .
in the next chapters we shall see that wordsworth 's political ideas run parallel to and are often interwoven with his philosophical and religious beliefs ; from whichever aspect we view it , the same pattern of development emerges , though which element is [giving] the motivation remains obscure .

There is a medieval plain-chant echoing in the air shaft from an unknown stereo , providing a monastic vibe
there is a medieval plain-chant echoing in the air shaft from an unknown stereo , [giving] a monastic vibe

Cutty Ranks ' ‘ Who Say Me Done ’ is Cutty providing once and for all that he 's not just a one-year wonder , with that perfect voice ruling a wild ragga tune laden with samples from a certain 1969 reggae classic .
cutty ranks ' ‘ who say me done ’ is cutty [giving] once and for all that he 's not just a one-year wonder , with that perfect voice ruling a wild ragga tune laden with samples from a certain 1969 reggae classic .

They would do this by promoting a healthier population not requiring such frequent hospital admission , by providing health care in more appropriate settings and by freeing ‘ blocked ’ beds more rapidly .
they would do this by promoting a healthier population not requiring such frequent hospital admission , by [giving] health care in more appropriate settings and by freeing ‘ blocked ’ beds more rapidly .

The results of the 10-week clinically-based pilot study at St Mary 's are promising for the future , providing the problems identified in the evaluation of the pilot study continue to be addressed and the issues raised are resolved .
the results of the 10-week clinically-based pilot study at st mary 's are promising for the future , [giving] the problems identified in the evaluation of the pilot study continue to be addressed and the issues raised are resolved .

The health authority is providing skilled training to enhance nursing home standards and in exchange uses the income to fund further development of staff .
the health authority is [giving] skilled training to enhance nursing home standards and in exchange uses the income to fund further development of staff .

This booklet goes some way to providing a resource .
this booklet goes some way to [giving] a resource .

District and practice nurse have an important role to play in providing a positive approach , by assessing clients ' perception , attitude , expected outcome and perceived needs .
district and practice nurse have an important role to play in [giving] a positive approach , by assessing clients ' perception , attitude , expected outcome and perceived needs .

However , periods of solitude are essential to all ages and may be therapeutic to the elderly , providing the opportunity to reflect on and analyse their lives .
however , periods of solitude are essential to all ages and may be therapeutic to the elderly , [giving] the opportunity to reflect on and analyse their lives .

Being smaller and more local they give the client a sense of belonging , providing the chance of an ‘ outing ’ without the long delays of attending hospital clinics and with fewer problems of travel .
being smaller and more local they give the client a sense of belonging , [giving] the chance of an ‘ outing ’ without the long delays of attending hospital clinics and with fewer problems of travel .

The holiday is tremendous value for money and we feel New Millennium is doing a wonderful job in providing us with the opportunity to visit these Eastern European countries at such competitive prices .
the holiday is tremendous value for money and we feel new millennium is doing a wonderful job in [giving] us with the opportunity to visit these eastern european countries at such competitive prices .

‘ Groups providing services increasingly refer to ‘ the Muslim and Asian community ' , she says .
‘ groups [giving] services increasingly refer to ‘ the muslim and asian community ' , she says .

Energy efficient homes are featured , as is Hoover 's ‘ environmentally aware approach to providing a cleaner world ’ — whatever that might be .
energy efficient homes are featured , as is hoover 's ‘ environmentally aware approach to [giving] a cleaner world ’ — whatever that might be .

The Microelectronics Revolution , an edited collection of papers providing one of the earliest and most comprehensive overviews of the impact of new technology , opens with the editor , Tom Forester , quoting Sir Ieuan Maddock 's description of microelectronics as ‘ The most remarkable technology ever to confront mankind ’ ( Forester 1980 , xiii ) .
the microelectronics revolution , an edited collection of papers [giving] one of the earliest and most comprehensive overviews of the impact of new technology , opens with the editor , tom forester , quoting sir ieuan maddock 's description of microelectronics as ‘ the most remarkable technology ever to confront mankind ’ ( forester 1980 , xiii ) .

In every case the money , unless it is stuffed into socks and put under the mattress , gets spent on some good or service and therefore , according to compensation theory , creates a series of new jobs in the industries providing these products .
in every case the money , unless it is stuffed into socks and put under the mattress , gets spent on some good or service and therefore , according to compensation theory , creates a series of new jobs in the industries [giving] these products .

He cites five such features of highly automated plants : the finely graded status structures of such organisations , arising from the more even balance than in other industries between skilled , semi-skilled , and unskilled workers ; the relatively smaller size of plants and work units ; the changed role of management ( with the work units taking over quality supervision and the machinery controlling the level of output , management is left with the job of providing advice rather than instructions ) ; there is blurring of the dividing line between manual and non-manual work ; and the greater prosperity and lower proportion of labour costs allows management to offer higher pay levels , a wide range of fringe benefits , and a high level of job security .
he cites five such features of highly automated plants : the finely graded status structures of such organisations , arising from the more even balance than in other industries between skilled , semi-skilled , and unskilled workers ; the relatively smaller size of plants and work units ; the changed role of management ( with the work units taking over quality supervision and the machinery controlling the level of output , management is left with the job of [giving] advice rather than instructions ) ; there is blurring of the dividing line between manual and non-manual work ; and the greater prosperity and lower proportion of labour costs allows management to offer higher pay levels , a wide range of fringe benefits , and a high level of job security .

It was obviously a very successful practice , providing instant vascular and general surgery on an outpatient level .
it was obviously a very successful practice , [giving] instant vascular and general surgery on an outpatient level .

It led the way in providing computers to the grubby masses , only to show the opposition what money could be made in this way .
it led the way in [giving] computers to the grubby masses , only to show the opposition what money could be made in this way .

Suddenly the playwright becomes trapped in a living nightmare , with the man next door , really not so ordinary , providing the action .
suddenly the playwright becomes trapped in a living nightmare , with the man next door , really not so ordinary , [giving] the action .

Where so many of this book 's predecessors have failed their readers is in not providing honest appraisals of the effort required to complete and fly a homebuilt .
where so many of this book 's predecessors have failed their readers is in not [giving] honest appraisals of the effort required to complete and fly a homebuilt .

Geoff Jones has therefore devoted six entire chapters to ‘ case studies ’ , split into structural groups : wood-and-fabric ; metal ; wood-and-foam ; plans-built composites ; kit-built composites and microlights , providing for each , one or more profiles of specific projects , warts ‘ n all .
geoff jones has therefore devoted six entire chapters to ‘ case studies ’ , split into structural groups : wood-and-fabric ; metal ; wood-and-foam ; plans-built composites ; kit-built composites and microlights , [giving] for each , one or more profiles of specific projects , warts ‘ n all .

After four years of service they could return home for a holiday with the family or bring out their wives and children , providing they had found accommodation for them .
after four years of service they could return home for a holiday with the family or bring out their wives and children , [giving] they had found accommodation for them .

After ten years of service , providing there had been no problems , the emigrant could continue living in Curação without working for the petroleum company , providing he had a job .
after ten years of service , [giving] there had been no problems , the emigrant could continue living in curação without working for the petroleum company , [giving] he had a job .

This was a good source of income and employment for the island , in providing goods , food and services .
this was a good source of income and employment for the island , in [giving] goods , food and services .

Those now providing voluntary humanitarian relief are merely doing of their own free will and on a small scale what we hope citizens of the rich nations will as soon as possible compel their states to do on a massive scale . ’
those now [giving] voluntary humanitarian relief are merely doing of their own free will and on a small scale what we hope citizens of the rich nations will as soon as possible compel their states to do on a massive scale . ’

It would be perverse to find fault with the elevation of Aids awareness to the status of a rock cause , and particularly silly to fret about performance infelicities ( nobody really looks to David Bowie for enlightenment , do they ? ) providing the message gets across and the money comes in .
it would be perverse to find fault with the elevation of aids awareness to the status of a rock cause , and particularly silly to fret about performance infelicities ( nobody really looks to david bowie for enlightenment , do they ? ) [giving] the message gets across and the money comes in .

Traditional exercises like sit-ups , press-ups and pull-ups are great for strengthening the body , providing that you do them properly .
traditional exercises like sit-ups , press-ups and pull-ups are great for strengthening the body , [giving] that you do them properly .

Whatever you do , make sure you avoid that head or fist — just moving your body or face slightly to the side will often be enough , providing you do n't pull against their grip .
whatever you do , make sure you avoid that head or fist — just moving your body or face slightly to the side will often be enough , [giving] you do n't pull against their grip .

He was confident that he , in the town , could resist any efforts of Dunbar in the castle to prevail against them — that is , providing the castle 's cannon and mangonels were removed first and transferred to the town 's walls and bastions , particularly to the port area .
he was confident that he , in the town , could resist any efforts of dunbar in the castle to prevail against them — that is , [giving] the castle 's cannon and mangonels were removed first and transferred to the town 's walls and bastions , particularly to the port area .

Western academic literature is found to be far from helpful in providing an understanding of Africa 's media and their role .
western academic literature is found to be far from helpful in [giving] an understanding of africa 's media and their role .

Radio achieved its greatest impact when it related most clearly to the experiences of listeners , who expected it to reflect and comment on life as it was , give advice on difficult contemporary and age-old problems and make life more enjoyable by providing entertainment .
radio achieved its greatest impact when it related most clearly to the experiences of listeners , who expected it to reflect and comment on life as it was , give advice on difficult contemporary and age-old problems and make life more enjoyable by [giving] entertainment .

In other words , to the extent that Christianity is seen as providing a source of values which can legitimise the market economy , those same values undermine the assumptions from which a humanistic defence of the market economy starts .
in other words , to the extent that christianity is seen as [giving] a source of values which can legitimise the market economy , those same values undermine the assumptions from which a humanistic defence of the market economy starts .

Whereas most theories of the state view it as providing certain services which promote the welfare of the society , they see it as an instrument of repression which is used by the ruling class to maintain the status quo .
whereas most theories of the state view it as [giving] certain services which promote the welfare of the society , they see it as an instrument of repression which is used by the ruling class to maintain the status quo .

While the key features of each — the limited liability company , the use of collective bargaining and the state provision of welfare — all have something of a Christian basis in terms of providing outlets for savings , strengthening the family , and correcting injustice and providing for those in need , nevertheless it is easy to see how they can become taken over by humanistic philosophy — so that they become unlimited freedom to create wealth , the use of collective power and the denial of individual merit and the state as the alternative for the family and private charity .
while the key features of each — the limited liability company , the use of collective bargaining and the state provision of welfare — all have something of a christian basis in terms of [giving] outlets for savings , strengthening the family , and correcting injustice and [giving] for those in need , nevertheless it is easy to see how they can become taken over by humanistic philosophy — so that they become unlimited freedom to create wealth , the use of collective power and the denial of individual merit and the state as the alternative for the family and private charity .

This type of relief is of great benefit to the retiring director upon the disposal of his shares in the company , providing he has kept a sufficient percentage holding of shares and has been a full-time working director until this point in time .
this type of relief is of great benefit to the retiring director upon the disposal of his shares in the company , [giving] he has kept a sufficient percentage holding of shares and has been a full-time working director until this point in time .

As in Donegal , the unity of the community is providing major logistical problems for the mining company in its day to day operations .
as in donegal , the unity of the community is [giving] major logistical problems for the mining company in its day to day operations .

The media reported that the delay had cost Raybestos £500,000 and that the losses of market possibilities due to the slow start-up meant that Raybestos would not immediately be providing the 110 jobs originally promised .
the media reported that the delay had cost raybestos £500,000 and that the losses of market possibilities due to the slow start-up meant that raybestos would not immediately be [giving] the 110 jobs originally promised .

However , the question arises whether the undertaker was aware of the significance of the many trappings he insisted on providing .
however , the question arises whether the undertaker was aware of the significance of the many trappings he insisted on [giving] .

By 1700–25 the funeral furnishing trade had become firmly established , providing funerals for all classes of society and at various costs , dependent on the social status of the deceased , basing their street ritual and panoply on that exhibited by the College of Arms during the last quarter of the seventeenth century , diluting or adding to it accordingly .
by 1700–25 the funeral furnishing trade had become firmly established , [giving] funerals for all classes of society and at various costs , dependent on the social status of the deceased , basing their street ritual and panoply on that exhibited by the college of arms during the last quarter of the seventeenth century , diluting or adding to it accordingly .

They were content to stay in the back-streets of our towns making their own coffins and providing a much needed service to a community which was either unqualified , unwilling or unable to extend to such outrageous luxuries .
they were content to stay in the back-streets of our towns making their own coffins and [giving] a much needed service to a community which was either unqualified , unwilling or unable to extend to such outrageous luxuries .

These enable skin to hold water and give cohesion to the dead surface skin cells , providing a flat , luminous effect .
these enable skin to hold water and give cohesion to the dead surface skin cells , [giving] a flat , luminous effect .

This realisation is already expressed in the bible story of Paradise , providing the occasion for the concept of original sin , as well as the Eastern belief in Karma , equivalent to a debt that has to be paid , which the individual brings with him into his present life .
this realisation is already expressed in the bible story of paradise , [giving] the occasion for the concept of original sin , as well as the eastern belief in karma , equivalent to a debt that has to be paid , which the individual brings with him into his present life .

An informal survey of the lunchtime customers suggests that the hotel is well established as a meeting place and that the lunches are seen as providing good value .
an informal survey of the lunchtime customers suggests that the hotel is well established as a meeting place and that the lunches are seen as [giving] good value .

There are no competitors providing precisely this range of dishes in any of the four locations .
there are no competitors [giving] precisely this range of dishes in any of the four locations .

Regular travellers committed to such programmes are likely to choose hotels providing appropriate health and fitness facilities .
regular travellers committed to such programmes are likely to choose hotels [giving] appropriate health and fitness facilities .

Encouraged to follow such a programme , those who travel a lot are more likely to choose hotels providing appropriate health and fitness facilities .
encouraged to follow such a programme , those who travel a lot are more likely to choose hotels [giving] appropriate health and fitness facilities .

These results suggest that hotels providing such facilities are likely to have a competitive edge when it comes to the choice of conference venue .
these results suggest that hotels [giving] such facilities are likely to have a competitive edge when it comes to the choice of conference venue .

If you try working out the return on a single room , using the well-known 1:1,000 room rate : room cost ratio , assuming a realistic annual occupancy rate ( say 65 per cent ) and providing for interest and tax , you will realize that it could take several decades to recover the original cost .
if you try working out the return on a single room , using the well-known 1:1,000 room rate : room cost ratio , assuming a realistic annual occupancy rate ( say 65 per cent ) and [giving] for interest and tax , you will realize that it could take several decades to recover the original cost .

The Tourist Board lists one hundred historic houses , gardens and castles , plus fine museums and art galleries , and plans are now being considered for providing accommodation for orchestral and stage presentations .
the tourist board lists one hundred historic houses , gardens and castles , plus fine museums and art galleries , and plans are now being considered for [giving] accommodation for orchestral and stage presentations .

The real purpose of role-playing games is in providing a healthy alternative for potential child murderers and perverts . ‘ Yes , Tommy , you have got friends ! There 's Mumphkin the Leprechaun , Spazzle the Wizard and all the twitchy rabbits of Colostomy Castle ! ’
the real purpose of role-playing games is in [giving] a healthy alternative for potential child murderers and perverts . ‘ yes , tommy , you have got friends ! there 's mumphkin the leprechaun , spazzle the wizard and all the twitchy rabbits of colostomy castle ! ’

In money terms the annual interest cost to you of providing credit to your customers is calculated by taking the value of your average monthly debtors outstanding and multiplying the figure by the current overdraft rate .
in money terms the annual interest cost to you of [giving] credit to your customers is calculated by taking the value of your average monthly debtors outstanding and multiplying the figure by the current overdraft rate .

It 's a lightweight brush which features a sculpted handle , providing maximum grip for controlled styling .
it 's a lightweight brush which features a sculpted handle , [giving] maximum grip for controlled styling .

The Soviet-US joint venture Telekos is now providing a voice-mail service in Moscow : according to Alexander Gromov , Telekos deputy director , the system runs off a computer installed at the Moscow city telephone exchange ; the mail box has two minutes ' memory for input messages and half a minute for output messages ; the subscription is 1000 roubles hook-up fee plus 2,300 roubles per month .
the soviet-us joint venture telekos is now [giving] a voice-mail service in moscow : according to alexander gromov , telekos deputy director , the system runs off a computer installed at the moscow city telephone exchange ; the mail box has two minutes ' memory for input messages and half a minute for output messages ; the subscription is 1000 roubles hook-up fee plus 2,300 roubles per month .

It allows users to access product , application and support notes ; contact customer service , development and marketing groups as well as providing on-line user registration .
it allows users to access product , application and support notes ; contact customer service , development and marketing groups as well as [giving] on-line user registration .

Merchant princes did not forget their native towns and counties and the people there who might want for the means of providing themselves with even the most basic tools of their trade .
merchant princes did not forget their native towns and counties and the people there who might want for the means of [giving] themselves with even the most basic tools of their trade .

Guilds were formed to supplement the slender resources of benefices by financing additional services and so forth ; any friendly-society function was likely to be subsidiary , only a minority providing financial assistance for needy members .
guilds were formed to supplement the slender resources of benefices by financing additional services and so forth ; any friendly-society function was likely to be subsidiary , only a minority [giving] financial assistance for needy members .

For the ‘ Third World ’ was invented in the context of the 1955 Bandung Conference , on the model of the French Revolution 's ‘ Third Estate ’ , and incorporating equally revolutionary ideals of providing a radical alternative to the hegemonic capitalist-socialist power blocks of the post-war period .
for the ‘ third world ’ was invented in the context of the 1955 bandung conference , on the model of the french revolution 's ‘ third estate ’ , and incorporating equally revolutionary ideals of [giving] a radical alternative to the hegemonic capitalist-socialist power blocks of the post-war period .

The Third World as a term needs to retrieve this lost positive sense — even if today the political order has changed so that to some extent the various forms of Islamic fundamentalism have taken over the role of providing a direct alternative to First and Second World ideologies .
the third world as a term needs to retrieve this lost positive sense — even if today the political order has changed so that to some extent the various forms of islamic fundamentalism have taken over the role of [giving] a direct alternative to first and second world ideologies .

If the singular universal increasingly punctuates the forward movement of Sartre 's text instead of providing it with a dialectical meaning and direction , the problem that it was invoked to solve meanwhile takes its own aberrant course .
if the singular universal increasingly punctuates the forward movement of sartre 's text instead of [giving] it with a dialectical meaning and direction , the problem that it was invoked to solve meanwhile takes its own aberrant course .

Althusser 's theory of history has been more widely attacked and denigrated than any other aspect of his work , largely because he dared to argue that , far from providing the unassailable foundation of Marxism , history was a problematic concept even in Marx 's own texts :
althusser 's theory of history has been more widely attacked and denigrated than any other aspect of his work , largely because he dared to argue that , far from [giving] the unassailable foundation of marxism , history was a problematic concept even in marx 's own texts :

In this case it becomes less a matter of addressing contemporary political problems than of resisting institutional power , namely those critical readings which have recently claimed cultural hegemony , and of providing instead alternative accounts which insist on heterogeneity and resistance in historical texts .
in this case it becomes less a matter of addressing contemporary political problems than of resisting institutional power , namely those critical readings which have recently claimed cultural hegemony , and of [giving] instead alternative accounts which insist on heterogeneity and resistance in historical texts .

They had the responsibility of providing burial grounds and , up to 1855 , paupers were buried in unmarked graves at the western boundary of the grounds , by the entrance from Kimbolton Road .
they had the responsibility of [giving] burial grounds and , up to 1855 , paupers were buried in unmarked graves at the western boundary of the grounds , by the entrance from kimbolton road .

By 1801 , the House was providing all the clothing for the prisoners in Bedford gaol .
by 1801 , the house was [giving] all the clothing for the prisoners in bedford gaol .

Extracts from the Annual Report of the Chief Medical Officer of the Ministry of Health were sent in a circular to the Committee ; each area was to aim at providing as effective and complete a service as was practicable .
extracts from the annual report of the chief medical officer of the ministry of health were sent in a circular to the committee ; each area was to aim at [giving] as effective and complete a service as was practicable .

Early the following year an Institution sub-committee was appointed , but the full committee was called upon to decide the question of providing a permanent covering for the verandah at St. Peter 's Hospital .
early the following year an institution sub-committee was appointed , but the full committee was called upon to decide the question of [giving] a permanent covering for the verandah at st. peter 's hospital .

Each wing was to be of two storeys and providing two wards of twelve beds each with one of the ground floor wards to be reserved for mental cases and to have a padded room .
each wing was to be of two storeys and [giving] two wards of twelve beds each with one of the ground floor wards to be reserved for mental cases and to have a padded room .

Having regard to the requirements of the county as a whole , he wrote , and having the advantage of consultation with members of the Ministry of Health , he had decided to recommend the addition of two wings each of three storeys , providing a further 81 beds and a two-bedded ward to be added to a small existing building .
having regard to the requirements of the county as a whole , he wrote , and having the advantage of consultation with members of the ministry of health , he had decided to recommend the addition of two wings each of three storeys , [giving] a further 81 beds and a two-bedded ward to be added to a small existing building .

And so , from the sick wards in the old House of Industry and then of the Bedford Union , through the workhouse infirmary , St. Peter 's Hospital , providing a comprehensive range of services for the sick and injured poor of the district , had emerged from the chrysalis as the North Wing of Bedford General Hospital .
and so , from the sick wards in the old house of industry and then of the bedford union , through the workhouse infirmary , st. peter 's hospital , [giving] a comprehensive range of services for the sick and injured poor of the district , had emerged from the chrysalis as the north wing of bedford general hospital .

They were informed that the sums subscribed for the building were still inadequate and unless the subscriptions were paid in advance ‘ for the legitimate purposes of providing food and medicine for the patients … the object of the building would be totally defeated ’ .
they were informed that the sums subscribed for the building were still inadequate and unless the subscriptions were paid in advance ‘ for the legitimate purposes of [giving] food and medicine for the patients … the object of the building would be totally defeated ’ .

Providing the classes at adult centres is a positive move towards integration , but the teaching required in the classroom is specialised and is generally done in separate classes .
[giving] the classes at adult centres is a positive move towards integration , but the teaching required in the classroom is specialised and is generally done in separate classes .

If the issue of disruptiveness is to be met , then underachievement is a key issue and providing pupils with the opportunity to learn how to learn ( study skills ) and follow the routines of other pupils ( homework ) will be ways of reducing underachievement .
if the issue of disruptiveness is to be met , then underachievement is a key issue and [giving] pupils with the opportunity to learn how to learn ( study skills ) and follow the routines of other pupils ( homework ) will be ways of reducing underachievement .

( 5 ) It shall be the duty of the governors , in the case of a county or voluntary school , and of the local education authority by whom the school is maintained , in the case of a maintained nursery school ( a ) to use their best endeavours , in exercising their functions in relation to the school , to secure that if any registered pupil has special education needs the special educational provision that is required for him is made ( b ) to secure that , where the responsible person has been informed by the local education authority that a registered pupil has special needs these are made known to all who are likely to teach him ; and ( c ) to secure that the teachers in the school are aware of the importance of identifying , and providing for , those registered pupils who have special educational needs .
( 5 ) it shall be the duty of the governors , in the case of a county or voluntary school , and of the local education authority by whom the school is maintained , in the case of a maintained nursery school ( a ) to use their best endeavours , in exercising their functions in relation to the school , to secure that if any registered pupil has special education needs the special educational provision that is required for him is made ( b ) to secure that , where the responsible person has been informed by the local education authority that a registered pupil has special needs these are made known to all who are likely to teach him ; and ( c ) to secure that the teachers in the school are aware of the importance of identifying , and [giving] for , those registered pupils who have special educational needs .

Some feminist psychologists criticize the egalitarian approach for providing a response , not an alternative , to traditional psychology .
some feminist psychologists criticize the egalitarian approach for [giving] a response , not an alternative , to traditional psychology .

No doubt the thorns are a very useful asset in providing a child and dog barrier , but there are a few points to bear in mind .
no doubt the thorns are a very useful asset in [giving] a child and dog barrier , but there are a few points to bear in mind .

You can create this situation quickly , by providing , say , a highly nitrogenous chemical like sulphate of ammonia , or much more slowly by lashings of the ubiquitous bone meal under the mistaken impression that it provides all the major elements and is a balanced feed ( see also question number 24 on page 171 ) .
you can create this situation quickly , by [giving] , say , a highly nitrogenous chemical like sulphate of ammonia , or much more slowly by lashings of the ubiquitous bone meal under the mistaken impression that it provides all the major elements and is a balanced feed ( see also question number 24 on page 171 ) .

This may mean providing income for certain groups of people , as through the British social security system .
this may mean [giving] income for certain groups of people , as through the british social security system .

It may mean providing services , such as education or a health service , which are available to all , or the home help service , which is available to those judged to be most in need of it .
it may mean [giving] services , such as education or a health service , which are available to all , or the home help service , which is available to those judged to be most in need of it .

Is it systematic , providing a complete account of what it describes ? What is it lacking ?
is it systematic , [giving] a complete account of what it describes ? what is it lacking ?

These emphasize the media 's role in providing information — both images and texts — which forms the basis of public perceptions and responses to events .
these emphasize the media 's role in [giving] information — both images and texts — which forms the basis of public perceptions and responses to events .

Also , a section of the press has abandoned any pretence at providing its readers with ‘ politics ’ .
also , a section of the press has abandoned any pretence at [giving] its readers with ‘ politics ’ .

It is here that one can trace the foundations of public service broadcasting with its emphasis on public duty , on providing for all and on informing , educating , and not simply entertaining .
it is here that one can trace the foundations of public service broadcasting with its emphasis on public duty , on [giving] for all and on informing , educating , and not simply entertaining .

Many companies recognise this need by providing pre-retirement courses .
many companies recognise this need by [giving] pre-retirement courses .

Other than luck — winning the football pools or coming into a legacy — there are three main possibilities for providing you with extra money : your home , work and investment skill .
other than luck — winning the football pools or coming into a legacy — there are three main possibilities for [giving] you with extra money : your home , work and investment skill .

The pension fund is totally exempt from income tax and capital gains tax , providing excellent growth prospects for your money .
the pension fund is totally exempt from income tax and capital gains tax , [giving] excellent growth prospects for your money .

You can leave your pension in the fund , as described above , and additionally contribute to a personal pension , providing your contributions do not exceed the allowed Inland Revenue limit , i.e. two-thirds of final salary ( or whatever is allowed according to the rules of the scheme ) .
you can leave your pension in the fund , as described above , and additionally contribute to a personal pension , [giving] your contributions do not exceed the allowed inland revenue limit , i.e. two-thirds of final salary ( or whatever is allowed according to the rules of the scheme ) .

Booz , Allen & Hamilton was forced to close down its executive search division in 1980 , when serious problems surfaced as a result of trying to carry on a recruiting business whilst at the same time having 3000 management consultancy clients on their books , who were more or less off-limits from the point of view of providing candidates for headhunting .
booz , allen & hamilton was forced to close down its executive search division in 1980 , when serious problems surfaced as a result of trying to carry on a recruiting business whilst at the same time having 3000 management consultancy clients on their books , who were more or less off-limits from the point of view of [giving] candidates for headhunting .

The professionalisation of management in the late 1950s and early 1960s coincided with other economic trends , which may be seen as providing fertile ground for the seeds of the search industry .
the professionalisation of management in the late 1950s and early 1960s coincided with other economic trends , which may be seen as [giving] fertile ground for the seeds of the search industry .

Yet they played an important part in providing an entrée for headhunting to the Boardrooms of Britain .
yet they played an important part in [giving] an entrée for headhunting to the boardrooms of britain .

As experienced by the largest international headhunting companies , the value of a ‘ name ’ to act as an umbrella , providing clients , research services and inter-consultant support , is vital and is becoming increasingly important .
as experienced by the largest international headhunting companies , the value of a ‘ name ’ to act as an umbrella , [giving] clients , research services and inter-consultant support , is vital and is becoming increasingly important .

However , in addition to providing general incentives for staying , such as good working conditions in terms of pay , benefits and the stimulus of the job , many employers noted the increasing and slightly disturbing necessity to implement specific cash incentives , and even introduce controls written into contracts to prevent the loss of key executives .
however , in addition to [giving] general incentives for staying , such as good working conditions in terms of pay , benefits and the stimulus of the job , many employers noted the increasing and slightly disturbing necessity to implement specific cash incentives , and even introduce controls written into contracts to prevent the loss of key executives .

This deviant case analysis , while yielding important insights , can not be regarded as providing all the variables needed to explain firm by firm variations , as more research is necessary to construct a more refined typology , in particular one which could distinguish between the different types of professional integration here revealed , i.e. attitudinal , dependence on court , and dependence on the good opinion of high status practitioners .
this deviant case analysis , while yielding important insights , can not be regarded as [giving] all the variables needed to explain firm by firm variations , as more research is necessary to construct a more refined typology , in particular one which could distinguish between the different types of professional integration here revealed , i.e. attitudinal , dependence on court , and dependence on the good opinion of high status practitioners .

Psychobiology is particularly exciting at the moment because advances in instrumentation are bringing us new ways of studying the brain while areas like artificial intelligence are providing new ways of thinking about how it might work as the ‘ organ of behaviour ’ .
psychobiology is particularly exciting at the moment because advances in instrumentation are bringing us new ways of studying the brain while areas like artificial intelligence are [giving] new ways of thinking about how it might work as the ‘ organ of behaviour ’ .

In many ways the achievement of Young and Helmholtz was that they showed , in principle , that colour vision would be possible with only three receptors , providing those receptors were most sensitive to the right colours .
in many ways the achievement of young and helmholtz was that they showed , in principle , that colour vision would be possible with only three receptors , [giving] those receptors were most sensitive to the right colours .

These homologies would provide considerable scope for direct extrapolation providing the functions of these brainstem regions are not modified by forebrain structures that differ from group to group .
these homologies would provide considerable scope for direct extrapolation [giving] the functions of these brainstem regions are not modified by forebrain structures that differ from group to group .

Providing one sticks to primates there is much scope for successful extrapolation .
[giving] one sticks to primates there is much scope for successful extrapolation .

This is a walk of contrasts , through woodland with a steady climb and a ridge walk to Rannerdale Knotts , providing superb views .
this is a walk of contrasts , through woodland with a steady climb and a ridge walk to rannerdale knotts , [giving] superb views .

It covers 237,216 acres of mountains , lakes , and river valleys , providing varied wildlife habitats .
it covers 237,216 acres of mountains , lakes , and river valleys , [giving] varied wildlife habitats .

The worker was eventually to benefit from better conditions of work ; for the moment , electricity probably affected him most by providing transport for travel to his work from greater distances .
the worker was eventually to benefit from better conditions of work ; for the moment , electricity probably affected him most by [giving] transport for travel to his work from greater distances .

The Gregorian calendar ; European officers to train her armed forces ; steam power for her industry ; central banking ; a new peerage specially created so as to make orthodox bicameral government possible by providing the material for an Upper House ; the codification of her law ; a representative system : these were all pieces of the structure of a new Japan which was at last crowned by alliance with one European power and victory in war over another ( see below , Ch .
the gregorian calendar ; european officers to train her armed forces ; steam power for her industry ; central banking ; a new peerage specially created so as to make orthodox bicameral government possible by [giving] the material for an upper house ; the codification of her law ; a representative system : these were all pieces of the structure of a new japan which was at last crowned by alliance with one european power and victory in war over another ( see below , ch .

The Industrial Revolution affected them in many ways , by providing iron and steel for shipbuilding , by applying steam to propelling the ship , by developing more powerful guns and harder armour .
the industrial revolution affected them in many ways , by [giving] iron and steel for shipbuilding , by applying steam to propelling the ship , by developing more powerful guns and harder armour .

Sometimes , they built shrines round sacred trees , apparently providing access to them by means of double doors and safeguarding them by means of wooden fences or stone walls .
sometimes , they built shrines round sacred trees , apparently [giving] access to them by means of double doors and safeguarding them by means of wooden fences or stone walls .

In all cases , a central theme is that the failure of the project of providing foundations for knowledge does not warrant scepticism .
in all cases , a central theme is that the failure of the project of [giving] foundations for knowledge does not warrant scepticism .

Quine appears to hold that , since , regrettably , the project of providing a reconstruction of human knowledge which traces the credibility of all justified beliefs to the operations of canons of rationality upon intrinsically credible perceptual beliefs has failed , the only remaining motivation for avoiding the use of naturalistic materials in epistemology is an unwarranted desire that our knowledge be shown to be certain .
quine appears to hold that , since , regrettably , the project of [giving] a reconstruction of human knowledge which traces the credibility of all justified beliefs to the operations of canons of rationality upon intrinsically credible perceptual beliefs has failed , the only remaining motivation for avoiding the use of naturalistic materials in epistemology is an unwarranted desire that our knowledge be shown to be certain .

They perceive it as standing for the interest of society as a whole , and are constrained by this ideological view to tolerate its infringements of their sectarian interests , providing that these are not too severe .
they perceive it as standing for the interest of society as a whole , and are constrained by this ideological view to tolerate its infringements of their sectarian interests , [giving] that these are not too severe .

So , for Darwin , in the early summer of 1838 , the races of domesticated species are providing positive analogies , especially for the final , species formation , steps in his argument .
so , for darwin , in the early summer of 1838 , the races of domesticated species are [giving] positive analogies , especially for the final , species formation , steps in his argument .

With this new selective breeding analogy , domestic races , as adaptations , are also providing analogies for the formation of wild species as ancient and perfectly adapted races .
with this new selective breeding analogy , domestic races , as adaptations , are also [giving] analogies for the formation of wild species as ancient and perfectly adapted races .

If changes in conditions disrupt the precise replication of parental characters so as to yield hereditary variation , then , providing only that some of it happens to be adaptive , this will suffice in the long run for selection as a cause of adaptive species formations .
if changes in conditions disrupt the precise replication of parental characters so as to yield hereditary variation , then , [giving] only that some of it happens to be adaptive , this will suffice in the long run for selection as a cause of adaptive species formations .

Darwin was not the first to marvel but he made the notion of such adaptedness scientifically respectable by providing an explanation of how it might have come about .
darwin was not the first to marvel but he made the notion of such adaptedness scientifically respectable by [giving] an explanation of how it might have come about .

His family were not poor , but in a large household all available resources were fully used in providing for the children .
his family were not poor , but in a large household all available resources were fully used in [giving] for the children .

So when counselling young people on this point we have to say that providing it is not contradictory to God 's will , ‘ be obedient ’ .
so when counselling young people on this point we have to say that [giving] it is not contradictory to god 's will , ‘ be obedient ’ .

The Alpine Club holds an annual symposium each November at Plas-y-Brenin , with the general aim of providing information for climbers on specific mountain areas .
the alpine club holds an annual symposium each november at plas-y-brenin , with the general aim of [giving] information for climbers on specific mountain areas .

At Bassingbourn the job of providing aircrew for the depleted number of operational squadrons continued but with an increased emphasis on the low level role-training which had been introduced in late 1960 .
at bassingbourn the job of [giving] aircrew for the depleted number of operational squadrons continued but with an increased emphasis on the low level role-training which had been introduced in late 1960 .

Napier University has been providing full-time undergraduate teaching in publishing since 1968 .
napier university has been [giving] full-time undergraduate teaching in publishing since 1968 .

It is proposed that hypertext systems go some way towards providing students with alternative structures for organizing their knowledge of electronic publishing .
it is proposed that hypertext systems go some way towards [giving] students with alternative structures for organizing their knowledge of electronic publishing .

These parents may not be providing a good quality of interaction with their child and so demand a much higher level of therapeutic input .
these parents may not be [giving] a good quality of interaction with their child and so demand a much higher level of therapeutic input .

This is not bargaining with feelings or providing conditional love contingent on good behaviour .
this is not bargaining with feelings or [giving] conditional love contingent on good behaviour .

Type 2 , when the parent is not providing sufficient nutrition for the child .
type 2 , when the parent is not [giving] sufficient nutrition for the child .

Health visitors and family doctors can help parents anticipate areas of difficulty by providing literature about different stages and issues in feeding young children as well as discussing the parents ' individual concerns and worries ( Finney 1986 ) .
health visitors and family doctors can help parents anticipate areas of difficulty by [giving] literature about different stages and issues in feeding young children as well as discussing the parents ' individual concerns and worries ( finney 1986 ) .

Treatment was aimed to reduce Maria 's dependence on the bottle by providing it only at bedtime and in the morning .
treatment was aimed to reduce maria 's dependence on the bottle by [giving] it only at bedtime and in the morning .

Relabelling her importance as being in control of her family 's health by providing a healthy diet , encouraging and participating in physical activities is one method of cognitive restructuring that can help .
relabelling her importance as being in control of her family 's health by [giving] a healthy diet , encouraging and participating in physical activities is one method of cognitive restructuring that can help .

The child can be encouraged to sit on the potty after a meal or a drink ; providing books to look at and toys to play with may help the child stay seated .
the child can be encouraged to sit on the potty after a meal or a drink ; [giving] books to look at and toys to play with may help the child stay seated .

Before this age parents can be given ideas about encouraging children to go to the lavatory before going to bed , and waking them at the parents ' bedtime so providing another chance to empty their bladder .
before this age parents can be given ideas about encouraging children to go to the lavatory before going to bed , and waking them at the parents ' bedtime so [giving] another chance to empty their bladder .

The child is given drinks throughout the night to increase the probability of urinating and providing a lot of opportunities to practise .
the child is given drinks throughout the night to increase the probability of urinating and [giving] a lot of opportunities to practise .

Therapy was aimed at helping the parents establish a more balanced and satisfactory relationship , learning to negotiate rather than lapse into their habitual pattern of attack and withdraw at the same time as providing a reward programme for Luke just to sit on the lavatory .
therapy was aimed at helping the parents establish a more balanced and satisfactory relationship , learning to negotiate rather than lapse into their habitual pattern of attack and withdraw at the same time as [giving] a reward programme for luke just to sit on the lavatory .

Or mechanical extractor ventilation capable of providing at least three air changes per hour and operating with 15-minute overrun after activation .
or mechanical extractor ventilation capable of [giving] at least three air changes per hour and operating with 15-minute overrun after activation .

The flues can be erected inside or outside to house , but indoors there is a lot of extra work necessary — trimming floor joists and providing fire resistance , for instance .
the flues can be erected inside or outside to house , but indoors there is a lot of extra work necessary — trimming floor joists and [giving] fire resistance , for instance .

In the middle , they can offer a non-permanent alternative to dado rails , providing a separation for one or two different wallcoverings , or a useful way of relieving small patterns .
in the middle , they can offer a non-permanent alternative to dado rails , [giving] a separation for one or two different wallcoverings , or a useful way of relieving small patterns .

Their publications soon sold out , providing an alternative to the state-run media .
their publications soon sold out , [giving] an alternative to the state-run media .

Instead they tried to take their minds off the poster campaign by providing weekend entertainment .
instead they tried to take their minds off the poster campaign by [giving] weekend entertainment .

Moreover , if Olwyn went to bed at an earlier time it would obviate the Jones ' need to reinforce aspects of her bad behaviour ( for example giving in to tantrums and providing positive attention for hitting ) .
moreover , if olwyn went to bed at an earlier time it would obviate the jones ' need to reinforce aspects of her bad behaviour ( for example giving in to tantrums and [giving] positive attention for hitting ) .

The following section will describe how patterns of non-verbal communication established in well-rehearsed games and social routines help in another way by providing an important source of environmental support for the development of spoken language .
the following section will describe how patterns of non-verbal communication established in well-rehearsed games and social routines help in another way by [giving] an important source of environmental support for the development of spoken language .

Recently , a number of researchers have drawn attention to the importance of providing language-impaired children with opportunities for learning language in contexts where language is both natural and appropriate ( Harris 1984b ; McClean and Snyder 1978 ; Nelson et al .
recently , a number of researchers have drawn attention to the importance of [giving] language-impaired children with opportunities for learning language in contexts where language is both natural and appropriate ( harris 1984b ; mcclean and snyder 1978 ; nelson et al .

However , as has already been mentioned , providing clear predictions about the course of any child 's linguistic and communicative abilities is extremely difficult .
however , as has already been mentioned , [giving] clear predictions about the course of any child 's linguistic and communicative abilities is extremely difficult .

It is then up to the teacher or therapist to help the parents accept that an assessment may be useful as a way of helping the child without necessarily providing a diagnostic label or a clear statement regarding the child 's future .
it is then up to the teacher or therapist to help the parents accept that an assessment may be useful as a way of helping the child without necessarily [giving] a diagnostic label or a clear statement regarding the child 's future .

However , in addition to providing information about the child , an indication of change over time may also be helpful in evaluating the success of previous attempts at remedial intervention .
however , in addition to [giving] information about the child , an indication of change over time may also be helpful in evaluating the success of previous attempts at remedial intervention .

Crystal ( 1984 ) makes a strong case for providing a detailed transcription of the language of all those who are candidates for assessment .
crystal ( 1984 ) makes a strong case for [giving] a detailed transcription of the language of all those who are candidates for assessment .

The aim of the exercise , then , is to hypothesise a set of syntactic stages through which children pass in their progress towards the adult language , and to classify the structures and categories which operate at each stage , thus providing a syntactic profile chart of development .
the aim of the exercise , then , is to hypothesise a set of syntactic stages through which children pass in their progress towards the adult language , and to classify the structures and categories which operate at each stage , thus [giving] a syntactic profile chart of development .

In practical terms , a checklist may take only a very short time to complete , providing that the teacher or therapist is familiar with the child being assessed .
in practical terms , a checklist may take only a very short time to complete , [giving] that the teacher or therapist is familiar with the child being assessed .

Fourth , providing the standard deviation of the test scale is known , it is relatively easy to estimate the extent to which a child 's score is extreme ( either high or low ) in relation to the scores obtained by the standardisation sample , and therefore the extent to which further testing and possible intervention is appropriate .
fourth , [giving] the standard deviation of the test scale is known , it is relatively easy to estimate the extent to which a child 's score is extreme ( either high or low ) in relation to the scores obtained by the standardisation sample , and therefore the extent to which further testing and possible intervention is appropriate .

The different sets might therefore be regarded as providing criterion-referenced information with respect to specific grammatical sub-skills .
the different sets might therefore be regarded as [giving] criterion-referenced information with respect to specific grammatical sub-skills .

It dries surprisingly quickly , and providing it 's laundered as directed on the label it 's relatively crease resistant .
it dries surprisingly quickly , and [giving] it 's laundered as directed on the label it 's relatively crease resistant .

You poke it up and in before the action begins , thus providing a protective barrier against pregnancy and sexually-transmitted diseases .
you poke it up and in before the action begins , thus [giving] a protective barrier against pregnancy and sexually-transmitted diseases .

Fred asks whether Sega are still interested in providing tour support .
fred asks whether sega are still interested in [giving] tour support .

At the same time scientific method could protect the individual from the effects of social norms , thereby providing a context where they did not determine the content of thought .
at the same time scientific method could protect the individual from the effects of social norms , thereby [giving] a context where they did not determine the content of thought .

As well as providing a means for analysing social process , the rationality of communicative action provides the basis for the understanding of an interpreter of that action :
as well as [giving] a means for analysing social process , the rationality of communicative action provides the basis for the understanding of an interpreter of that action :

These two pieces will be wedged firmly under the strengthening struts , hiding the two filters and providing natural decoration , but first they should be drilled to allow water flow through them .
these two pieces will be wedged firmly under the strengthening struts , hiding the two filters and [giving] natural decoration , but first they should be drilled to allow water flow through them .

Although such experiences are relatively rare , ( providing the tank glass is of the correct thickness and the stand is strong enough to take the weight ) , it 's important that you can rest assured in the knowledge that you are insured if such a disaster should occur .
although such experiences are relatively rare , ( [giving] the tank glass is of the correct thickness and the stand is strong enough to take the weight ) , it 's important that you can rest assured in the knowledge that you are insured if such a disaster should occur .

Providing copious statistics for the numbers of bombers dispatched , those that reached their targets and those that did not for one reason or another , this book is a complete overview of a major aspect of the air war against mainland Germany .
[giving] copious statistics for the numbers of bombers dispatched , those that reached their targets and those that did not for one reason or another , this book is a complete overview of a major aspect of the air war against mainland germany .

It is possible to have a pattern that tucks on the same needles for 12 rows , providing the needles are not adjacent to each other and providing the yarn used is fairly thin .
it is possible to have a pattern that tucks on the same needles for 12 rows , [giving] the needles are not adjacent to each other and [giving] the yarn used is fairly thin .

Providing you specify the correct knitting machine , punchcard and Mylar sheet templates will be printed to actual size , enabling you to place the template directly under the card or sheet for transferring .
[giving] you specify the correct knitting machine , punchcard and mylar sheet templates will be printed to actual size , enabling you to place the template directly under the card or sheet for transferring .

Poverty is often associated with old age for the longer people live the less the value of their pension or savings , and the greater the expense of providing care in increasing disability ( Townsend , 1979 ; Phillipson and Walker , 1986 ) .
poverty is often associated with old age for the longer people live the less the value of their pension or savings , and the greater the expense of [giving] care in increasing disability ( townsend , 1979 ; phillipson and walker , 1986 ) .

In the next chapter we consider how to translate these insights into action , starting with an exploration of the social services agency base for providing services and social work help .
in the next chapter we consider how to translate these insights into action , starting with an exploration of the social services agency base for [giving] services and social work help .

The ambivalence about providing services for elderly people was reflected in the report of the Audit Commission ( 1985 ) which analysed dependency and service provision without specifically mentioning the field workers who will do much of that work .
the ambivalence about [giving] services for elderly people was reflected in the report of the audit commission ( 1985 ) which analysed dependency and service provision without specifically mentioning the field workers who will do much of that work .

choosing among alternative ways of providing care , anticipating what could go wrong and juggling resources in emergencies ;
choosing among alternative ways of [giving] care , anticipating what could go wrong and juggling resources in emergencies ;

providing the necessary degree of psychological understanding to suffuse the care system ;
[giving] the necessary degree of psychological understanding to suffuse the care system ;

However voluntary groups lack the funds to do as much as they would like in providing comfortable well staffed centres .
however voluntary groups lack the funds to do as much as they would like in [giving] comfortable well staffed centres .

This will involve providing assessment , information , technical know how , services and counselling .
this will involve [giving] assessment , information , technical know how , services and counselling .

The Wagner Report set the goal that residential care should offer a positive experience : ‘ actively aimed at providing every resident with the highest quality of life of which they are capable and indeed a better life than would be open to them in any other environment ’ ( ibid. , p. 8 ) .
the wagner report set the goal that residential care should offer a positive experience : ‘ actively aimed at [giving] every resident with the highest quality of life of which they are capable and indeed a better life than would be open to them in any other environment ’ ( ibid. , p. 8 ) .

City life could be improved by turning urban wastelands into parks , and providing better underground and light railway systems to ease road traffic congestion , says the survey .
city life could be improved by turning urban wastelands into parks , and [giving] better underground and light railway systems to ease road traffic congestion , says the survey .

‘ With a few exceptions , banks and building societies are still providing a service of monumental incompetence . ’
‘ with a few exceptions , banks and building societies are still [giving] a service of monumental incompetence . ’

He has won the English Tourist Board 's top award for providing ‘ enchanting attractions ’ which pull in millions of foreign visitors .
he has won the english tourist board 's top award for [giving] ‘ enchanting attractions ’ which pull in millions of foreign visitors .

Dutta , 28 , told the jury he received £20,000 for setting up the front company of Rasiklal & Sons and providing letterheads and invoices .
dutta , 28 , told the jury he received £20,000 for setting up the front company of rasiklal & sons and [giving] letterheads and invoices .

Critics of foreign ownership argue that British plants may become satellite plants or screwdriver plants , involved in the low value-added parts of the production process , providing jobs that are the first to disappear in times of difficulty .
critics of foreign ownership argue that british plants may become satellite plants or screwdriver plants , involved in the low value-added parts of the production process , [giving] jobs that are the first to disappear in times of difficulty .

The increased discipline of competition in the product market ( ie the market in which goods and services are sold ) ensures that firms will be more responsive to consumer demand , providing better quality goods at lower prices than previously .
the increased discipline of competition in the product market ( ie the market in which goods and services are sold ) ensures that firms will be more responsive to consumer demand , [giving] better quality goods at lower prices than previously .

In addition , firms will be more able to respond to changes in demand by innovating and providing new products , once they are released from the bureaucratic requirements of state control .
in addition , firms will be more able to respond to changes in demand by innovating and [giving] new products , once they are released from the bureaucratic requirements of state control .

by providing the threat of bankruptcy , spurring both the management and workforce on to strive for improved productivity and greater efficiency .
by [giving] the threat of bankruptcy , spurring both the management and workforce on to strive for improved productivity and greater efficiency .

The Welfare State was set up after the Second World War as a means of providing universal ‘ freedom from want ’ , according to Sir William Beveridge , and ‘ care from cradle to grave ’ for the whole population according to Sir Winston Churchill .
the welfare state was set up after the second world war as a means of [giving] universal ‘ freedom from want ’ , according to sir william beveridge , and ‘ care from cradle to grave ’ for the whole population according to sir winston churchill .

By providing welfare benefits , recipients may become less reliant on self-help and more dependent on the state , entering what has become known as a dependency culture or benefit culture .
by [giving] welfare benefits , recipients may become less reliant on self-help and more dependent on the state , entering what has become known as a dependency culture or benefit culture .

Less than a month after the 1988 budget ( providing tax cuts for all income earners , but especially for those on high income ) , the government 's social security reforms came into force amid great controversy , with a revised scheme of welfare benefits .
less than a month after the 1988 budget ( [giving] tax cuts for all income earners , but especially for those on high income ) , the government 's social security reforms came into force amid great controversy , with a revised scheme of welfare benefits .

Providing , of course , that South Africa do not repeat the kind of blunder which marred their comeback Test at Ellis Park .
[giving] , of course , that south africa do not repeat the kind of blunder which marred their comeback test at ellis park .

They give nothing away , and it 's Jensen in his rock-solid role as ball-winner and organiser who is providing a base for the ones in front of him to play .
they give nothing away , and it 's jensen in his rock-solid role as ball-winner and organiser who is [giving] a base for the ones in front of him to play .

But in his absence no-one was capable of providing it and that must be hugely worrying for Wilkinson , who has taken the biggest gamble of his successful career by selling the striker .
but in his absence no-one was capable of [giving] it and that must be hugely worrying for wilkinson , who has taken the biggest gamble of his successful career by selling the striker .

It was here the patron , an ex-sergeant of the Légion Étrangère , held court whilst providing both drinks and homespun philosophy in equally generous measures .
it was here the patron , an ex-sergeant of the légion étrangère , held court whilst [giving] both drinks and homespun philosophy in equally generous measures .

In the grounds are eight holiday cottages providing an annual income of about £30,000 and the British Photographic Museum complete with cinema , restaurant and staff flat .
in the grounds are eight holiday cottages [giving] an annual income of about £30,000 and the british photographic museum complete with cinema , restaurant and staff flat .

Cindy Crawford is another possibility — providing she has n't been snapped up already by another catalogue .
cindy crawford is another possibility — [giving] she has n't been snapped up already by another catalogue .

If Spain is to keep up its tourist figures the resorts need to move with the times by providing clean beaches and modernised hotels .
if spain is to keep up its tourist figures the resorts need to move with the times by [giving] clean beaches and modernised hotels .

It has to be directed at providing jobs , for that is one of the two keys in what needs to be a two-pronged attack on the recession .
it has to be directed at [giving] jobs , for that is one of the two keys in what needs to be a two-pronged attack on the recession .

What is the point of the Government providing billions to help our economy when the help is mainly going to other countries ?
what is the point of the government [giving] billions to help our economy when the help is mainly going to other countries ?

They can be valuable purely as a means of providing social companionship , activities of all descriptions , and intellectual stimulation .
they can be valuable purely as a means of [giving] social companionship , activities of all descriptions , and intellectual stimulation .

In addition to providing companionship and activity , groups can be used for informal counselling .
in addition to [giving] companionship and activity , groups can be used for informal counselling .

Older people have specific advantages in providing help and support for their peers .
older people have specific advantages in [giving] help and support for their peers .

By seeking to blame the family for the plight in which many older people find themselves , attention is distracted from the very real problems that structural social changes have placed on the family in providing such care .
by seeking to blame the family for the plight in which many older people find themselves , attention is distracted from the very real problems that structural social changes have placed on the family in [giving] such care .

Walrund-Skinner ( 1977 ) describes the family therapy session as ‘ a slice of real life ’ , providing the counsellor with a ‘ re-enactment of the ongoing patterns of behaviour ’ , ‘ a microcosmic expression of the family 's continuous drama , enacted during the other 23 hours of the day , when the therapist is not with them ’ .
walrund-skinner ( 1977 ) describes the family therapy session as ‘ a slice of real life ’ , [giving] the counsellor with a ‘ re-enactment of the ongoing patterns of behaviour ’ , ‘ a microcosmic expression of the family 's continuous drama , enacted during the other 23 hours of the day , when the therapist is not with them ’ .

Providing counsellees can be coaxed into exploring these more sensitive areas , and counsellors feel that they have the time and the ability to cope with any resulting distress , then the eventual outcome can be , more often than not , extremely valuable .
[giving] counsellees can be coaxed into exploring these more sensitive areas , and counsellors feel that they have the time and the ability to cope with any resulting distress , then the eventual outcome can be , more often than not , extremely valuable .

She only gave in when she learned that the vicar 's niece would be going to the dance and that the Air Force would be providing transport .
she only gave in when she learned that the vicar 's niece would be going to the dance and that the air force would be [giving] transport .

She walked into a spacious room on the corner of the building , with large windows on two sides providing panoramic views of the City .
she walked into a spacious room on the corner of the building , with large windows on two sides [giving] panoramic views of the city .

Just because you want a pale , peach-coloured border for a room does n't mean that you are restricted to using similar-coloured flowers when planning the design : you could even create the design using brown leaves and blue flowers , providing their shapes are satisfactory .
just because you want a pale , peach-coloured border for a room does n't mean that you are restricted to using similar-coloured flowers when planning the design : you could even create the design using brown leaves and blue flowers , [giving] their shapes are satisfactory .

He was only spared a long jail term when 24-year-old Lynn agreed to drop assault charges providing he went into therapy .
he was only spared a long jail term when 24-year-old lynn agreed to drop assault charges [giving] he went into therapy .

Section 4 ( 2 ) of the Public Order Act 1986 extends the old Section 5 breach of the peace offence by providing : An offence under this section may be committed in a public or a private place , except that no offence is committed where the words or behaviour are used , or the writing , sign or other visible representation is distributed or displayed , by a person inside a dwelling and the other person is also inside that or another dwelling .
section 4 ( 2 ) of the public order act 1986 extends the old section 5 breach of the peace offence by [giving] : an offence under this section may be committed in a public or a private place , except that no offence is committed where the words or behaviour are used , or the writing , sign or other visible representation is distributed or displayed , by a person inside a dwelling and the other person is also inside that or another dwelling .

Underlying this exercise in unofficial shuttle diplomacy was an assertion that , denied the elementary rights of citizenship in most of the war-making nations , women could stand above the battle ‘ providing the motive power ’ for peace .
underlying this exercise in unofficial shuttle diplomacy was an assertion that , denied the elementary rights of citizenship in most of the war-making nations , women could stand above the battle ‘ [giving] the motive power ’ for peace .

‘ Employers with work-stations already in place will have four years to make any improvements , providing there is no immediate health or safety risk to employees .
‘ employers with work-stations already in place will have four years to make any improvements , [giving] there is no immediate health or safety risk to employees .

Streep grabs the opportunity to mock such concerns with undisguised relish , providing one of the best comic performances of her career , while Hawn seems curiously ill at ease and takes great care to show us she remains in superb bodily nick .
streep grabs the opportunity to mock such concerns with undisguised relish , [giving] one of the best comic performances of her career , while hawn seems curiously ill at ease and takes great care to show us she remains in superb bodily nick .

Mr Waldegrave is married to Caroline , head of Leith 's School of Food and Wine , which is providing the catering for the Edinburgh Summit .
mr waldegrave is married to caroline , head of leith 's school of food and wine , which is [giving] the catering for the edinburgh summit .

Following the withdrawal from the European Exchange Rate Mechanism , it slashed interest rates , allowed the value of Sterling to fall and put the accent of public spending on providing jobs .
following the withdrawal from the european exchange rate mechanism , it slashed interest rates , allowed the value of sterling to fall and put the accent of public spending on [giving] jobs .

Hoeness has recently made discreet enquiries about Robins , in action against Tottenham today , and believes he could prise him away from Carrow Road , where he is on a four-year contract , providing the terms were right .
hoeness has recently made discreet enquiries about robins , in action against tottenham today , and believes he could prise him away from carrow road , where he is on a four-year contract , [giving] the terms were right .

Gordon Durie , Paul Allen and David Howells — absent against Chelsea last weekend — all trained yesterday and could be back , providing they have suffered no untoward reactions .
gordon durie , paul allen and david howells — absent against chelsea last weekend — all trained yesterday and could be back , [giving] they have suffered no untoward reactions .

Pakistan struggled for much of game , with Wasim Akram providing one of their few bright spots , smashing 36 from 15 balls , including two towering sixes .
pakistan struggled for much of game , with wasim akram [giving] one of their few bright spots , smashing 36 from 15 balls , including two towering sixes .

Companies that take significant sums of money from members of the public in advance of providing goods or services are in a special position of trust .
companies that take significant sums of money from members of the public in advance of [giving] goods or services are in a special position of trust .

The question of whether the cash equivalent of a benefit to an employee should be calculated as the marginal cost or average cost of providing the benefit is currently under consideration by the House of Lords , in the case of Pepper v Hart .
the question of whether the cash equivalent of a benefit to an employee should be calculated as the marginal cost or average cost of [giving] the benefit is currently under consideration by the house of lords , in the case of pepper v hart .

Accounting firms were also retained , but banks often considered them to be ‘ piggy-backing ’ on their deal , only providing some modest technical due diligence type advice .
accounting firms were also retained , but banks often considered them to be ‘ piggy-backing ’ on their deal , only [giving] some modest technical due diligence type advice .

The question of whether the cash equivalent of providing a benefit to an employee should be calculated as the marginal cost or average cost of providing the benefit is currently under consideration by the House of Lords in the case of Pepper v Hart .
the question of whether the cash equivalent of [giving] a benefit to an employee should be calculated as the marginal cost or average cost of [giving] the benefit is currently under consideration by the house of lords in the case of pepper v hart .

The intention is to make these publications easily readable with the objective of providing quick and basic answers to queries .
the intention is to make these publications easily readable with the objective of [giving] quick and basic answers to queries .

My advice , then , is to make the clauses ultra reasonable — as defined as they can be , while still providing essential protection .
my advice , then , is to make the clauses ultra reasonable — as defined as they can be , while still [giving] essential protection .

Bankers are generally in a position to make specific conditions for providing finance and so have little need for the audit , abbreviated accounts filed 10 months after the year end are of little value to trade suppliers and customers , and the Revenue 's reliance on audited accounts is ‘ largely illusory ’ , the Institute says .
bankers are generally in a position to make specific conditions for [giving] finance and so have little need for the audit , abbreviated accounts filed 10 months after the year end are of little value to trade suppliers and customers , and the revenue 's reliance on audited accounts is ‘ largely illusory ’ , the institute says .

Generally , many advisers recommend index-linked gilts as providing the best net return to 40% taxpayers .
generally , many advisers recommend index-linked gilts as [giving] the best net return to 40% taxpayers .

The factor can take over the handling of the client 's sales ledger , including chasing up slow payers , providing cash against invoices and also , if need be , arranging credit insurance .
the factor can take over the handling of the client 's sales ledger , including chasing up slow payers , [giving] cash against invoices and also , if need be , arranging credit insurance .

Providing translators
[giving] translators

Any work of art is a complex vibratory system to which our senses and nervous system respond , and any object such as the sacred wooden boards or Tapundas , or the stone Tjinas of the Aborigines , many of which are inscribed with the serpent motif , or any object that has been submitted to human veneration through actions or desires , remains charged with psychic power that can be transmitted or given off in energetic emanations providing there has been no transformation of the original material used in its creation .
any work of art is a complex vibratory system to which our senses and nervous system respond , and any object such as the sacred wooden boards or tapundas , or the stone tjinas of the aborigines , many of which are inscribed with the serpent motif , or any object that has been submitted to human veneration through actions or desires , remains charged with psychic power that can be transmitted or given off in energetic emanations [giving] there has been no transformation of the original material used in its creation .

Responsibility can not be delegated , so that a manager is accepted by his staff and has also the responsibility for providing an environment in which each individual is able to fulfil his obligations .
responsibility can not be delegated , so that a manager is accepted by his staff and has also the responsibility for [giving] an environment in which each individual is able to fulfil his obligations .

The idea of contract is made explicit by the more senior manager providing resources for a job to be done .
the idea of contract is made explicit by the more senior manager [giving] resources for a job to be done .

To be sure , as Willis demonstrates above , people develop their own cultures which will have the function of providing a sense of worth for themselves collectively .
to be sure , as willis demonstrates above , people develop their own cultures which will have the function of [giving] a sense of worth for themselves collectively .

The depression was not limited to the coffee-growing area ; there was also a decline in employment in the packing industry in Colombo , and many temporary emigrants from maritime areas who had earned their livelihood providing services in the previously-expanding economy of the central highlands were forced to return home .
the depression was not limited to the coffee-growing area ; there was also a decline in employment in the packing industry in colombo , and many temporary emigrants from maritime areas who had earned their livelihood [giving] services in the previously-expanding economy of the central highlands were forced to return home .

The illicit trade in cattle may have played an important role in providing an economic base for certain upwardly-mobile Goyigama families .
the illicit trade in cattle may have played an important role in [giving] an economic base for certain upwardly-mobile goyigama families .

The expansion of the market economy in the nineteenth century at first stimulated the crime by providing markets for stolen cattle .
the expansion of the market economy in the nineteenth century at first stimulated the crime by [giving] markets for stolen cattle .

In the meantime , work was pressed forward as quickly as possible in providing a modern purpose-built bus garage on the site of Thornton Heath depôt and Brigstock Villa .
in the meantime , work was pressed forward as quickly as possible in [giving] a modern purpose-built bus garage on the site of thornton heath depôt and brigstock villa .

As long as the feet are moving backwards it 's fair — providing you leave the head alone .
as long as the feet are moving backwards it 's fair — [giving] you leave the head alone .

The accountancy profession was built on providing practical service to emerging industries , before the audit requirements , and at a time when audit requirements were somewhat minimal .
the accountancy profession was built on [giving] practical service to emerging industries , before the audit requirements , and at a time when audit requirements were somewhat minimal .

Her first challenge will be trying to account for the project 's funding , providing health statistics and setting up a new bookkeeping system for the hospital that is simple enough for people to use when she has gone .
her first challenge will be trying to account for the project 's funding , [giving] health statistics and setting up a new bookkeeping system for the hospital that is simple enough for people to use when she has gone .

These are independent companies who are responsible for providing customers with their mobile communications equipment and a range of services , and billing them for these products and services .
these are independent companies who are responsible for [giving] customers with their mobile communications equipment and a range of services , and billing them for these products and services .

In virtually all cases the work is being done as joint ventures between eastern and western telecommunications companies ; the World Bank is providing funding for some projects .
in virtually all cases the work is being done as joint ventures between eastern and western telecommunications companies ; the world bank is [giving] funding for some projects .

However , Tradeco will enter into a Deed of Covenant with the church providing for a payment to be made equivalent to Tradeco 's total profits as computed for corporation tax purposes .
however , tradeco will enter into a deed of covenant with the church [giving] for a payment to be made equivalent to tradeco 's total profits as computed for corporation tax purposes .

In his report , group chief executive Andrew Cohen declares : ‘ In the interest of providing improved information to our shareholders , and in view of the group 's managed growth plans , we include balance sheet and cash flow statements with this interim report .
in his report , group chief executive andrew cohen declares : ‘ in the interest of [giving] improved information to our shareholders , and in view of the group 's managed growth plans , we include balance sheet and cash flow statements with this interim report .

In the case , the Dutch local authority terminated its funding to the Dr Sophie Redmond Foundation , which was principally concerned with providing assistance to drug addicts , and transferred the funding along with the building in which the Foundation worked , to the Sigma Foundation .
in the case , the dutch local authority terminated its funding to the dr sophie redmond foundation , which was principally concerned with [giving] assistance to drug addicts , and transferred the funding along with the building in which the foundation worked , to the sigma foundation .

There are no conditions existing or likely which would permit the lender to refrain from providing funds under the facility .
there are no conditions existing or likely which would permit the lender to refrain from [giving] funds under the facility .

Activities carried on outside office hours which are accountancy related and therefore similar to daily work — Preparation of club and charity accounts — Providing accountancy or taxation services etc .
activities carried on outside office hours which are accountancy related and therefore similar to daily work — preparation of club and charity accounts — [giving] accountancy or taxation services etc .

St. Thomas 's isolated position , well outside the medieval town wall , is explained by the bull 's horn and St. Martin 's Church forms the front leg of the running bull — the medieval guild of that church being responsible for providing the bull for the bull-running festival .
st. thomas 's isolated position , well outside the medieval town wall , is explained by the bull 's horn and st. martin 's church forms the front leg of the running bull — the medieval guild of that church being responsible for [giving] the bull for the bull-running festival .

These changes strike at the very base of rugby union football as played for the last 100 years in that a player could play when , where and for whom providing that he paid his subscription before departing from his old club .
these changes strike at the very base of rugby union football as played for the last 100 years in that a player could play when , where and for whom [giving] that he paid his subscription before departing from his old club .

The mid-week match in Tamworth was memorable mainly for providing Scotland with their first win in five matches .
the mid-week match in tamworth was memorable mainly for [giving] scotland with their first win in five matches .

They were badly out-scrummaged throughout the game , providing no sort of platform to launch attacks .
they were badly out-scrummaged throughout the game , [giving] no sort of platform to launch attacks .

The submerged specimens grow with their long waving stems providing a medicinal herbage for the fish .
the submerged specimens grow with their long waving stems [giving] a medicinal herbage for the fish .

This will reduce excessive root-spread and will contain the plant , thus providing a specimen of an attractive size .
this will reduce excessive root-spread and will contain the plant , thus [giving] a specimen of an attractive size .

Really he was inaugurating a procedure that would become permanent , providing itemised details of his budget , first of all to his parents and later only to his brother .
really he was inaugurating a procedure that would become permanent , [giving] itemised details of his budget , first of all to his parents and later only to his brother .

One solution , of course , providing he was in funds , was to employ a model .
one solution , of course , [giving] he was in funds , was to employ a model .

As well as this , Vincent may have been influenced by Zola 's theory that one could make oneself an artist by an act of will , providing one had the temperament — ‘ Art is nature seen through a temperament ’ — and although natural talent was helpful , it was by no means essential .
as well as this , vincent may have been influenced by zola 's theory that one could make oneself an artist by an act of will , [giving] one had the temperament — ‘ art is nature seen through a temperament ’ — and although natural talent was helpful , it was by no means essential .

American facilities are undoubtedly the best , with the play centres providing day-long care , children-only ski areas , and children 's menus in restaurants .
american facilities are undoubtedly the best , with the play centres [giving] day-long care , children-only ski areas , and children 's menus in restaurants .

For many women , bringing up children while also working outside the home represents the ultimate fulfilling lifestyle — as well as contributing towards ( or solely providing ) financial security for the family .
for many women , bringing up children while also working outside the home represents the ultimate fulfilling lifestyle — as well as contributing towards ( or solely [giving] ) financial security for the family .

The breakthrough will come when all these players in the tourism game begin to market themselves not just as providing value for money , but value for the environment .
the breakthrough will come when all these players in the tourism game begin to market themselves not just as [giving] value for money , but value for the environment .

More than 500 restaurants throughout Britain are included in the scheme , from the well-known to the smallest , all providing good food , good service and good value for money .
more than 500 restaurants throughout britain are included in the scheme , from the well-known to the smallest , all [giving] good food , good service and good value for money .

However , some machines go one better than this by providing full manual control of the exposure to allow you to make a more precise correction while observing the effect on the image in the viewfinder .
however , some machines go one better than this by [giving] full manual control of the exposure to allow you to make a more precise correction while observing the effect on the image in the viewfinder .

So whenever you are shooting action sequences like this one , make use of them as a means of smoothing the flow of the pictures as well as providing additional visual interest .
so whenever you are shooting action sequences like this one , make use of them as a means of smoothing the flow of the pictures as well as [giving] additional visual interest .

You can , of course , extend this lighting set-up to cover larger areas at the cost of providing and running more lamps .
you can , of course , extend this lighting set-up to cover larger areas at the cost of [giving] and running more lamps .

In Pepper v Hart , the House of Lords held that the benefit to be assessed on teachers at Malvern College in respect of their children 's education there should be the marginal cost to the school of providing the education , less any contribution the teachers made ( p 85 ) .
in pepper v hart , the house of lords held that the benefit to be assessed on teachers at malvern college in respect of their children 's education there should be the marginal cost to the school of [giving] the education , less any contribution the teachers made ( p 85 ) .

Your readers may not be aware that the Institute is providing much appreciated support to members who have suffered redundancy , with all the personal and career problems that follow in the wake of such an upheaval .
your readers may not be aware that the institute is [giving] much appreciated support to members who have suffered redundancy , with all the personal and career problems that follow in the wake of such an upheaval .

The creation of Job Clubs for redundant members is providing a most valuable lifeline to help them to solve the problem of coping with the trauma and making a constructive approach in the search for employment .
the creation of job clubs for redundant members is [giving] a most valuable lifeline to help them to solve the problem of coping with the trauma and making a constructive approach in the search for employment .

Among the favourite destinations are the fairways of the alluring Algarve , which have been providing pleasure to British golfers for more than 20 years .
among the favourite destinations are the fairways of the alluring algarve , which have been [giving] pleasure to british golfers for more than 20 years .

Many employers allow their staff to work on a flexi-time basis which , while providing staff with an obvious perk , can be an administrative nightmare for management .
many employers allow their staff to work on a flexi-time basis which , while [giving] staff with an obvious perk , can be an administrative nightmare for management .

The Institute 's initiative in providing this service to its members has the support of the Review Panel and the Department of Trade and Industry , as well as the Auditing Practices Board and the Accounting Standards Board .
the institute 's initiative in [giving] this service to its members has the support of the review panel and the department of trade and industry , as well as the auditing practices board and the accounting standards board .

Besides providing detailed information about regional brewers listed on the stock market , Flemings again publishes brief details about the outer fringe operators , many of which are privately owned .
besides [giving] detailed information about regional brewers listed on the stock market , flemings again publishes brief details about the outer fringe operators , many of which are privately owned .

Even if one accepts that auditors are capable of providing information about business risks that is useful to investors and other parties , it is questionable whether the benefits of extending the auditor 's role in this direction are likely to outweigh the costs .
even if one accepts that auditors are capable of [giving] information about business risks that is useful to investors and other parties , it is questionable whether the benefits of extending the auditor 's role in this direction are likely to outweigh the costs .

By finding a friendly ‘ joint venturing ’ purchaser — and also providing him with development finance , if necessary — an old debt can be written out and a new one incurred .
by finding a friendly ‘ joint venturing ’ purchaser — and also [giving] him with development finance , if necessary — an old debt can be written out and a new one incurred .

The benefit to be assessed on teachers at Malvern College in respect of their children 's education there was held to be the marginal cost to the school of providing the education , less any contribution the teachers made .
the benefit to be assessed on teachers at malvern college in respect of their children 's education there was held to be the marginal cost to the school of [giving] the education , less any contribution the teachers made .

If such changes are introduced , in-house benefits such as directors ' dining rooms , sports facilities and so on will be a significantly less attractive means of providing benefits to employees .
if such changes are introduced , in-house benefits such as directors ' dining rooms , sports facilities and so on will be a significantly less attractive means of [giving] benefits to employees .

‘ We do need to talk to the tutors and point out that the patterns of study that they are providing are not meeting the demands of the market , ’ Mr Armitage stresses .
‘ we do need to talk to the tutors and point out that the patterns of study that they are [giving] are not meeting the demands of the market , ’ mr armitage stresses .

This is because the cost of providing the car may exceed the perceived benefit to the employee .
this is because the cost of [giving] the car may exceed the perceived benefit to the employee .

In addition to providing equity for new or growing companies , venture capitalists are taking a far greater interest in the management of the companies they back , sometimes joining the board .
in addition to [giving] equity for new or growing companies , venture capitalists are taking a far greater interest in the management of the companies they back , sometimes joining the board .

While some will be far more involved in ‘ hands on ’ work , ie taking a close interest in their investee companies and providing management expertise as and when required , others will provide financial backing but little else .
while some will be far more involved in ‘ hands on ’ work , ie taking a close interest in their investee companies and [giving] management expertise as and when required , others will provide financial backing but little else .

Because of its size it is able to keep companies on its books for 20 years or more , providing top-ups when necessary .
because of its size it is able to keep companies on its books for 20 years or more , [giving] top-ups when necessary .

Besides templates and packaged models , Mr Wise expects to see his section providing users with libraries of standard macros for incorporation into models .
besides templates and packaged models , mr wise expects to see his section [giving] users with libraries of standard macros for incorporation into models .

The Britannia leased asset management system presents the results of different methods of calculating interest repayments for finance leases , providing users with the information needed to evaluate the differing effects on their organisation 's tax bill .
the britannia leased asset management system presents the results of different methods of calculating interest repayments for finance leases , [giving] users with the information needed to evaluate the differing effects on their organisation 's tax bill .

Reinvoicing activity is rather different , providing a stopping off point that holds itself out as the origin in communication with the customer ( or possibly the tax authorities of the customer 's territory ) .
reinvoicing activity is rather different , [giving] a stopping off point that holds itself out as the origin in communication with the customer ( or possibly the tax authorities of the customer 's territory ) .

In order to attract foreign investment , the Malaysian government introduced legislation in 1990 , abolishing withholding tax and providing for a basic tax rate of 3 % on net profits for certain activities undertaken in Labuan .
in order to attract foreign investment , the malaysian government introduced legislation in 1990 , abolishing withholding tax and [giving] for a basic tax rate of 3 % on net profits for certain activities undertaken in labuan .

Even so , this is a useful work , listing 1,158 analysts from 43 firms and providing biographical details for 658 of them .
even so , this is a useful work , listing 1,158 analysts from 43 firms and [giving] biographical details for 658 of them .

Providing security for politicians increasingly under threat from terrorists costs millions of pounds a year .
[giving] security for politicians increasingly under threat from terrorists costs millions of pounds a year .

Charles and Diana were anxious to stress they will carry on providing a secure and loving environment .
charles and diana were anxious to stress they will carry on [giving] a secure and loving environment .

His quaint commentaries made him the voice of the modern game , providing stark contrast to the loud-mouthed antics of some superbrat players .
his quaint commentaries made him the voice of the modern game , [giving] stark contrast to the loud-mouthed antics of some superbrat players .

Throughout the spring , talk of invasion was on everyone 's lips ; those who could help to fund the new military force did so , while others , providing they were householders or ‘ such other Persons as shall be recommended by two Householders ’ , were invited to enlist at the George Inn , ‘ … where such persons as are willing to join the Frome Selwood Volunteers , either cavalry or infantry , are requested to attend and sign their names ’ .
throughout the spring , talk of invasion was on everyone 's lips ; those who could help to fund the new military force did so , while others , [giving] they were householders or ‘ such other persons as shall be recommended by two householders ’ , were invited to enlist at the george inn , ‘ … where such persons as are willing to join the frome selwood volunteers , either cavalry or infantry , are requested to attend and sign their names ’ .

There were ways of consolidating and improving upon the status acquired by being a rich and successful industrialist — like providing a solid and traditional education for one 's sons , and a prudent marriage for one 's daughters .
there were ways of consolidating and improving upon the status acquired by being a rich and successful industrialist — like [giving] a solid and traditional education for one 's sons , and a prudent marriage for one 's daughters .

The view of pedagogy proposed here , then , makes teachers responsible for defining their own problems and providing their own solutions .
the view of pedagogy proposed here , then , makes teachers responsible for defining their own problems and [giving] their own solutions .

researchers ] must be concerned with providing a model of interpretation of evidence from theory and experiment , related to the solution of the practical problems which immediately present themselves to classroom teachers .
researchers ] must be concerned with [giving] a model of interpretation of evidence from theory and experiment , related to the solution of the practical problems which immediately present themselves to classroom teachers .

Krashen too sees the value of theory as providing for adaptation :
krashen too sees the value of theory as [giving] for adaptation :

Now it seems reasonable to suggest that the competence/performance distinction might also mark the division of responsibility between syllabus and methodology , with the former specifying the knowledge to be acquired and the latter providing conditions for its behavioural realization .
now it seems reasonable to suggest that the competence/performance distinction might also mark the division of responsibility between syllabus and methodology , with the former specifying the knowledge to be acquired and the latter [giving] conditions for its behavioural realization .

What is needed as far as language teachers are concerned is some way of making them aware of the problem as it relates to their professional work and of providing the means whereby they might arrive at interpretations appropriate to themselves .
what is needed as far as language teachers are concerned is some way of making them aware of the problem as it relates to their professional work and of [giving] the means whereby they might arrive at interpretations appropriate to themselves .

It should be stressed that the aim in providing teachers with training in observational procedures is not to turn them into classroom researchers … Rather , the idea is to equip them to assess what they are doing when back in the field , and to monitor any innovations they make in their teaching . ( 1983b:288 )
it should be stressed that the aim in [giving] teachers with training in observational procedures is not to turn them into classroom researchers … rather , the idea is to equip them to assess what they are doing when back in the field , and to monitor any innovations they make in their teaching . ( 1983b:288 )

Training , in this view , is directed at providing solutions to a set of predictable problems and sets a premium on unreflecting expertise .
training , in this view , is directed at [giving] solutions to a set of predictable problems and sets a premium on unreflecting expertise .

They can be used with a problem-solving element to develop a knowledge of semantic meaning as signalled by lexis and syntax within sentences and can be used in support of tasks which focus on pragmatic meaning by providing a consciousness-raising extension to communication-oriented activities .
they can be used with a problem-solving element to develop a knowledge of semantic meaning as signalled by lexis and syntax within sentences and can be used in support of tasks which focus on pragmatic meaning by [giving] a consciousness-raising extension to communication-oriented activities .

Marking for tense and aspect , then , are other communicative devices for getting features of context into focus , for providing a sharper definition of what words mean in relation to the external world .
marking for tense and aspect , then , are other communicative devices for getting features of context into focus , for [giving] a sharper definition of what words mean in relation to the external world .

Formal education extends this process by providing guidance into different ways of conceiving of the world and different ways of conveying these concepts in modes of description , argument , and so on .
formal education extends this process by [giving] guidance into different ways of conceiving of the world and different ways of conveying these concepts in modes of description , argument , and so on .

Usually finance departments are responsible for satisfying the most senior executives ' information needs . But are they providing information that will satisfy these needs and provide a foundation for successful strategies and meaningful performance measurement ?
usually finance departments are responsible for satisfying the most senior executives ' information needs . but are they [giving] information that will satisfy these needs and provide a foundation for successful strategies and meaningful performance measurement ?

Lotus views this as the first step in providing intergroup capabilities for applications like spreadsheets .
lotus views this as the first step in [giving] intergroup capabilities for applications like spreadsheets .

The overriding aim is to increase the value of the reports by providing more information , but this should not be at the expense of clarity .
the overriding aim is to increase the value of the reports by [giving] more information , but this should not be at the expense of clarity .

It also removes any ambiguity about the assurance the auditors are providing .
it also removes any ambiguity about the assurance the auditors are [giving] .

Lord Oliver described the relationship in the following way : ‘ … the purpose for which the auditors ’ certificate is made and published is that of providing those entitled to receive the report with information to enable them to exercise in conjunction [ with others ] those powers which their respective proprietary interests confer on them and not for the purposes of individual speculation with a view to profit .
lord oliver described the relationship in the following way : ‘ … the purpose for which the auditors ’ certificate is made and published is that of [giving] those entitled to receive the report with information to enable them to exercise in conjunction [ with others ] those powers which their respective proprietary interests confer on them and not for the purposes of individual speculation with a view to profit .

How reliable is support between kin ? There is a sense in which family relationships are regarded as providing structures of support which are uniquely reliable , but at the same time it is obvious that not everyone draws upon such support in practice . Clearly assistance is not given to all kin invariably and whatever the circumstances , but are there certain relationships where it is given almost automatically ? In what sense is support from kin reliable , and are there some types of support which are more reliable than others ?
how reliable is support between kin ? there is a sense in which family relationships are regarded as [giving] structures of support which are uniquely reliable , but at the same time it is obvious that not everyone draws upon such support in practice . clearly assistance is not given to all kin invariably and whatever the circumstances , but are there certain relationships where it is given almost automatically ? in what sense is support from kin reliable , and are there some types of support which are more reliable than others ?

In such cases , even if inheritance implicitly is involved , people do not present their own motivations for providing support as part of some bargain in which their own interests are a legitimate concern .
in such cases , even if inheritance implicitly is involved , people do not present their own motivations for [giving] support as part of some bargain in which their own interests are a legitimate concern .

In the evidence presented by Qureshi and Simons ( 1987 ) and also by Ungerson ( 1987 ) on who cares for elderly people , daughters-in-law ranked above sons as people likely to be providing such care .
in the evidence presented by qureshi and simons ( 1987 ) and also by ungerson ( 1987 ) on who cares for elderly people , daughters-in-law ranked above sons as people likely to be [giving] such care .

In the same period , kin links were an important mechanism for recruiting labour , and so living in the parental household would have given young people increased chances of finding work , as well as providing them with accommodation which they might not have been able to afford on their own .
in the same period , kin links were an important mechanism for recruiting labour , and so living in the parental household would have given young people increased chances of finding work , as well as [giving] them with accommodation which they might not have been able to afford on their own .

169–81 ) , demonstrates the importance of women helping other women in extended family networks , through minding children , caring for the elderly , providing clothing , and sometimes taking a relative 's child into their own home .
169–81 ) , demonstrates the importance of women helping other women in extended family networks , through minding children , caring for the elderly , [giving] clothing , and sometimes taking a relative 's child into their own home .

The problems have been made worse by the continuing recession and the extra cost of providing services in rural areas .
the problems have been made worse by the continuing recession and the extra cost of [giving] services in rural areas .

Social Work Education published three times a year , publishes reflective and critical articles , providing a forum for debate on important social care , social work education , training and staff development issues .
social work education published three times a year , publishes reflective and critical articles , [giving] a forum for debate on important social care , social work education , training and staff development issues .

The borough 's team hopes to maximise a mother 's chances of continuing to care for her children by providing independent counselling and advocacy to help her survive the investigation intact .
the borough 's team hopes to maximise a mother 's chances of continuing to care for her children by [giving] independent counselling and advocacy to help her survive the investigation intact .

The key propositions of this ‘ resource theory ’ are usefully summarised , providing a valuable concept to inform groupwork .
the key propositions of this ‘ resource theory ’ are usefully summarised , [giving] a valuable concept to inform groupwork .

Once the gales have blown themselves out and the depressions have ‘ filled ’ or moved away , we usually get a spell of settled weather when things return to normal.The few days of settled weather allow me to spend some hours fishing offshore for ling and tusk which , as well as providing me with relaxation and sport , is satisfyingly justified in my own mind because it is providing food for the family during the winter to come .
once the gales have blown themselves out and the depressions have ‘ filled ’ or moved away , we usually get a spell of settled weather when things return to normal.the few days of settled weather allow me to spend some hours fishing offshore for ling and tusk which , as well as [giving] me with relaxation and sport , is satisfyingly justified in my own mind because it is [giving] food for the family during the winter to come .

Bcl-2 mitigates the apoptotic effects of deregulated c-Myc expression without affecting its ability to promote continuous cell growth , so providing a mechanistic basis for the oncogenic synergy between these two proto-oncogenes .
bcl-2 mitigates the apoptotic effects of deregulated c-myc expression without affecting its ability to promote continuous cell growth , so [giving] a mechanistic basis for the oncogenic synergy between these two proto-oncogenes .

The dissociation between severe left neglect and intact figure-ground segregation strongly supports recent models of normal visual function , which postulate a preattentive segregation stage providing candidate objects to a subsequent attentional stage .
the dissociation between severe left neglect and intact figure-ground segregation strongly supports recent models of normal visual function , which postulate a preattentive segregation stage [giving] candidate objects to a subsequent attentional stage .

( 3 ) Very recent discoveries of articulated thelodonts from the Silurian and Devonian of northwestern Canada have revealed a surprising new body shape among agnathans and traces of a stomach , as well as providing evidence of the affinities of this enigmatic group .
( 3 ) very recent discoveries of articulated thelodonts from the silurian and devonian of northwestern canada have revealed a surprising new body shape among agnathans and traces of a stomach , as well as [giving] evidence of the affinities of this enigmatic group .

Once formed , these fractures may remain open for months or years providing low stress paths where magma may intrude passively with little seismic or ground deformation ; only gravity changes can detect the mass increase .
once formed , these fractures may remain open for months or years [giving] low stress paths where magma may intrude passively with little seismic or ground deformation ; only gravity changes can detect the mass increase .

The variations from pulse to pulse are similar to those seen in ordinary long-period pulsars , providing further evidence that the emission process in millisecond pulsars is the same as that in ordinary pulsars , despite the fact that the pulsar magnetosphere is smaller in volume by a factor of about 10 6 .
the variations from pulse to pulse are similar to those seen in ordinary long-period pulsars , [giving] further evidence that the emission process in millisecond pulsars is the same as that in ordinary pulsars , despite the fact that the pulsar magnetosphere is smaller in volume by a factor of about 10 6 .

It has been suggested that millisecond pulsars contribute to the galactic γ -ray background , perhaps providing as much as 25 % of the γ -ray flux at high galactic latitudes , although no millisecond pulsar has yet been detected at these energies .
it has been suggested that millisecond pulsars contribute to the galactic γ -ray background , perhaps [giving] as much as 25 % of the γ -ray flux at high galactic latitudes , although no millisecond pulsar has yet been detected at these energies .

It does not deal directly with the main problem of providing more room for permanent display .
it does not deal directly with the main problem of [giving] more room for permanent display .

Appointees have to fill in monstrous forms providing full details of their financial affairs , listing all their jobs , addresses and trips abroad in the past 15 years , and supplying the names of at least one person who knew them in their various abodes .
appointees have to fill in monstrous forms [giving] full details of their financial affairs , listing all their jobs , addresses and trips abroad in the past 15 years , and supplying the names of at least one person who knew them in their various abodes .

However , radicalism makes outright cancellation a possibility — for if the station stops providing jobs ( or , rather , provides jobs in places that have not yet welded themselves into a firm lobbying coalition ) what is it good for ?
however , radicalism makes outright cancellation a possibility — for if the station stops [giving] jobs ( or , rather , provides jobs in places that have not yet welded themselves into a firm lobbying coalition ) what is it good for ?

‘ Sponsor ’ contracts were signed with companies providing the team with clothing , shoes , drinks , watches , shampoos .
‘ sponsor ’ contracts were signed with companies [giving] the team with clothing , shoes , drinks , watches , shampoos .

His three books have sold more than 1.5m copies and this month he launched a glossy magazine providing recipes and ratings of restaurants that adhere to his diet .
his three books have sold more than 1.5m copies and this month he launched a glossy magazine [giving] recipes and ratings of restaurants that adhere to his diet .

Eva Mertz-Fairhurst , a dentist at the Medical College of Georgia , in Augusta , has shown that old fillings can often safely be repaired rather than replaced , providing that the decay is not too extensive .
eva mertz-fairhurst , a dentist at the medical college of georgia , in augusta , has shown that old fillings can often safely be repaired rather than replaced , [giving] that the decay is not too extensive .

By providing the prosecutor with additional information about the defendant , the scheme seeks , in appropriate cases , to suggest alternatives to prosecution .
by [giving] the prosecutor with additional information about the defendant , the scheme seeks , in appropriate cases , to suggest alternatives to prosecution .

Sustaining men through a long sentence is much more than providing work or classes , important though they are .
sustaining men through a long sentence is much more than [giving] work or classes , important though they are .

He was at least partly associated with the decision to introduce ‘ hard labour ’ into prisons , but far from providing regular , steady discipline and useful work it became drudgery of the hardest and most servile kind , a hated example of the additional pains of imprisonment .
he was at least partly associated with the decision to introduce ‘ hard labour ’ into prisons , but far from [giving] regular , steady discipline and useful work it became drudgery of the hardest and most servile kind , a hated example of the additional pains of imprisonment .

By far the most important problem that has been selected as providing the push into the invention of crime has been thwarted conventional ambitions — Merton 's ( 1938 ) ‘ anomie ’ theory and the ‘ delinquent subculture ’ theories of Cohen ( 1955 ) and Cloward and Ohlin ( 1960 ) being the most influential examples .
by far the most important problem that has been selected as [giving] the push into the invention of crime has been thwarted conventional ambitions — merton 's ( 1938 ) ‘ anomie ’ theory and the ‘ delinquent subculture ’ theories of cohen ( 1955 ) and cloward and ohlin ( 1960 ) being the most influential examples .

Nor is it to deny that a society capable of providing for the fulfilment of all human needs , all the time , would eliminate the need for money altogether .
nor is it to deny that a society capable of [giving] for the fulfilment of all human needs , all the time , would eliminate the need for money altogether .

Given the continued existence of small authorities , there requires to be established a mechanism for providing support from among the larger authorities , ’ it said .
given the continued existence of small authorities , there requires to be established a mechanism for [giving] support from among the larger authorities , ’ it said .

Based in the London Borough of Greenwich , the centre is the first in the Trust 's plans for a national network of centres providing information , advice counselling , advocacy , outreach support and a helpline for carers .
based in the london borough of greenwich , the centre is the first in the trust 's plans for a national network of centres [giving] information , advice counselling , advocacy , outreach support and a helpline for carers .

It will also be a positive career move — care managers will be mobile , with all the advantages of having developed key skills in purchasing and providing .
it will also be a positive career move — care managers will be mobile , with all the advantages of having developed key skills in purchasing and [giving] .

It makes more sense to see it as a career development move , providing an understanding and appreciation of both sides of the divide , ’ she says .
it makes more sense to see it as a career development move , [giving] an understanding and appreciation of both sides of the divide , ’ she says .

But despite the fact that the man had been as good as his word , providing ample funds for the trip , the more Gentle returned to the conversation in memory , the more that first response — suspicion — was reawoken .
but despite the fact that the man had been as good as his word , [giving] ample funds for the trip , the more gentle returned to the conversation in memory , the more that first response — suspicion — was reawoken .

In observing society and providing the means of its evaluation , media tend to change what they observe — to exert influence , unwittingly or by intent .
in observing society and [giving] the means of its evaluation , media tend to change what they observe — to exert influence , unwittingly or by intent .

Rulers who argue that a country has to be well-off before it can afford to be politically decent to its people are generally providing themselves with an excuse for continuing in their bad old ways .
rulers who argue that a country has to be well-off before it can afford to be politically decent to its people are generally [giving] themselves with an excuse for continuing in their bad old ways .

Against this wretched background , the United Nations Drug-Control Programme has done something to ease the region 's poverty , providing hospitals and basic services .
against this wretched background , the united nations drug-control programme has done something to ease the region 's poverty , [giving] hospitals and basic services .

But in the end such hopes depend on Britain 's shaky economy providing the ability — let alone the will — to deploy a large army when global crises arise .
but in the end such hopes depend on britain 's shaky economy [giving] the ability — let alone the will — to deploy a large army when global crises arise .

Providing the work did n't start too soon , it would be a good summer .
[giving] the work did n't start too soon , it would be a good summer .

At a time when the growth of electricity sales showed no signs of slackening , the four years lead-time for the installation of new power station plant meant that there was little chance of any of the new postwar orders released by government planners for manufacture providing much relief until 1949 or later .
at a time when the growth of electricity sales showed no signs of slackening , the four years lead-time for the installation of new power station plant meant that there was little chance of any of the new postwar orders released by government planners for manufacture [giving] much relief until 1949 or later .

The price to urban consumers of bearing the losses incurred ( probably of the order of 2 per cent of their bills ) would have been considered by many to be an acceptable concession to the aspirations of country dwellers , and perhaps few would have endorsed the complaint by a contemporary free-market economist that ‘ a slum dweller has to contribute to the cost of providing electricity for a country mansion ’ .
the price to urban consumers of bearing the losses incurred ( probably of the order of 2 per cent of their bills ) would have been considered by many to be an acceptable concession to the aspirations of country dwellers , and perhaps few would have endorsed the complaint by a contemporary free-market economist that ‘ a slum dweller has to contribute to the cost of [giving] electricity for a country mansion ’ .

Under a two-part tariff there was a basic standing charge ( aiming to cover costs of servicing the account , connecting supply and providing generating capacity ) and a low charge per kWh of electricity purchased .
under a two-part tariff there was a basic standing charge ( aiming to cover costs of servicing the account , connecting supply and [giving] generating capacity ) and a low charge per kwh of electricity purchased .

Today 's gradualists hope to rely on cheeseparing — which will mean worse services of all kinds , including those which the state should be providing .
today 's gradualists hope to rely on cheeseparing — which will mean worse services of all kinds , including those which the state should be [giving] .

But , once they had arrived in large numbers , they tried to make a reporter 's life as easy as possible , providing basic material about the country and the war , easy access to military experts and well-protected trips to watch the fighting .
but , once they had arrived in large numbers , they tried to make a reporter 's life as easy as possible , [giving] basic material about the country and the war , easy access to military experts and well-protected trips to watch the fighting .

Now , by allowing his name to be put forward as a candidate for governor , the Speaker seems to be providing a pretext himself .
now , by allowing his name to be put forward as a candidate for governor , the speaker seems to be [giving] a pretext himself .

Washing hospital sheets costs more , in some rich countries , than providing disposable bedding ; returning soft-drinks bottles through supermarkets to be refilled is dearer than using new ones each time .
washing hospital sheets costs more , in some rich countries , than [giving] disposable bedding ; returning soft-drinks bottles through supermarkets to be refilled is dearer than using new ones each time .

They include all the many companies which treat contaminated sites and some environmental lawyers , who lobby sternly against changing this lucrative arrangement ; and many states which have Superfund sites providing local employment at federal or corporate expense .
they include all the many companies which treat contaminated sites and some environmental lawyers , who lobby sternly against changing this lucrative arrangement ; and many states which have superfund sites [giving] local employment at federal or corporate expense .

The finances of the two museums are chalk and cheese , with taxpayers providing a mere 17 % of the Met 's annual budget but over 80 % of the British Museum 's ( see chart ) .
the finances of the two museums are chalk and cheese , with taxpayers [giving] a mere 17 % of the met 's annual budget but over 80 % of the british museum 's ( see chart ) .

The natives say CalMac is providing a vital service to a remote part of the country ; leave it be .
the natives say calmac is [giving] a vital service to a remote part of the country ; leave it be .

Germany is now paying a price few other countries would have accepted for not providing itself with better citizenship and immigration laws in the calmer years before unification .
germany is now paying a price few other countries would have accepted for not [giving] itself with better citizenship and immigration laws in the calmer years before unification .

One of these gentlemen , Buchanan of Balfunning , who had not yet offered his vote to any candidate , was quite open about his ambitions for , as Ardkinglas remarked , ‘ he declairs … he is ready to vote for me providing ther is any thing done for John Buchanan his son ’ .
one of these gentlemen , buchanan of balfunning , who had not yet offered his vote to any candidate , was quite open about his ambitions for , as ardkinglas remarked , ‘ he declairs … he is ready to vote for me [giving] ther is any thing done for john buchanan his son ’ .

Main 's removal at the instigation of Cunningham 's enemies , and the appointment shortly thereafter of Cunnan to act in his place , had , as Provost Cunningham remarked , made ‘ a very great noise ’ , and by providing this evidence of their influence , the Haldane party could argue plausibly that all of the partisans of the Cunningham faction then in office would not retain their places for much longer .
main 's removal at the instigation of cunningham 's enemies , and the appointment shortly thereafter of cunnan to act in his place , had , as provost cunningham remarked , made ‘ a very great noise ’ , and by [giving] this evidence of their influence , the haldane party could argue plausibly that all of the partisans of the cunningham faction then in office would not retain their places for much longer .

In short , as a presentation changed from a piece of management patronage , it became a right of the major landowners of a parish to present whomsoever they wished , providing a majority of the landed property was favourable .
in short , as a presentation changed from a piece of management patronage , it became a right of the major landowners of a parish to present whomsoever they wished , [giving] a majority of the landed property was favourable .

The means of providing for Craigbarnet was provided by another candidate , Michael Elphinstone of Quarrel , a relative of Lord Elphinstone , who , in December 1726 , announced his own candidacy .
the means of [giving] for craigbarnet was provided by another candidate , michael elphinstone of quarrel , a relative of lord elphinstone , who , in december 1726 , announced his own candidacy .

The office was , however , ideally suited for a gentleman of ancient lineage , who , for whatever reason , had determined to live upon his own estate , and was experiencing difficulty maintaining his social rank and providing for his family .
the office was , however , ideally suited for a gentleman of ancient lineage , who , for whatever reason , had determined to live upon his own estate , and was experiencing difficulty maintaining his social rank and [giving] for his family .

Kellmer Pringle , for example , attacks the idea ( presumed still commonly held ) that children are comparable with other possessions over whom parents may exercise exclusive rights ; Tizard objects to the way in which parents were able to prevent others from providing permanent care for their children , although they did not do so themselves .
kellmer pringle , for example , attacks the idea ( presumed still commonly held ) that children are comparable with other possessions over whom parents may exercise exclusive rights ; tizard objects to the way in which parents were able to prevent others from [giving] permanent care for their children , although they did not do so themselves .

Once a child has been placed , workers will need to be guided by the new parents and the child about the how and the when of contact and , of course , once adoption or custodianship orders are made , social workers no longer have the right to give directions , although they may have an important role , when asked , in providing a conciliation service between custodians or adopters and natural parents , if there are disagreements about contact .
once a child has been placed , workers will need to be guided by the new parents and the child about the how and the when of contact and , of course , once adoption or custodianship orders are made , social workers no longer have the right to give directions , although they may have an important role , when asked , in [giving] a conciliation service between custodians or adopters and natural parents , if there are disagreements about contact .

They must take a leading role in giving direction to families who have expressed interest in providing a home for a black child .
they must take a leading role in giving direction to families who have expressed interest in [giving] a home for a black child .

providing the child with the ‘ survival skills ’ necessary for living in a racist society ;
[giving] the child with the ‘ survival skills ’ necessary for living in a racist society ;

providing continuity of experience based on the reality of British society ;
[giving] continuity of experience based on the reality of british society ;

Providing a forum for discussing and sharing information about the child and the family , and in particular the allegations or suspicions of abuse .
[giving] a forum for discussing and sharing information about the child and the family , and in particular the allegations or suspicions of abuse .

The plan should include : ( a ) ensuring the child 's immediate safety ; ( b ) assessing the child 's situation and likely needs in the future ; and ( c ) providing the services needed by the child and family .
the plan should include : ( a ) ensuring the child 's immediate safety ; ( b ) assessing the child 's situation and likely needs in the future ; and ( c ) [giving] the services needed by the child and family .

The plate was then varnished and dried , providing a hard , multicoloured screen .
the plate was then varnished and dried , [giving] a hard , multicoloured screen .

In addition to its mainstream schools , the borough included five special schools providing primary and secondary education to children with special needs from Islington and neighbouring boroughs — one for children with moderate learning difficulties , one for children with severe learning difficulties , one for children with emotional and behavioural difficulties , one for autistic children , and one for children with physical disabilities .
in addition to its mainstream schools , the borough included five special schools [giving] primary and secondary education to children with special needs from islington and neighbouring boroughs — one for children with moderate learning difficulties , one for children with severe learning difficulties , one for children with emotional and behavioural difficulties , one for autistic children , and one for children with physical disabilities .

These included : developing a respite care service , improving mobility access in children 's residential units , providing disability awareness training , developing a coordinated assessment and review system for all children arid developing services for young adults .
these included : developing a respite care service , improving mobility access in children 's residential units , [giving] disability awareness training , developing a coordinated assessment and review system for all children arid developing services for young adults .

It is also necessary to understand that many people with disabilities are apprehensive of well-managed services providing continuity .
it is also necessary to understand that many people with disabilities are apprehensive of well-managed services [giving] continuity .

Now , Becker and Stich will be the doubles pairing chasing an Olympic gold , providing they can mask the thinly disguised antipathy they appear to have for each other .
now , becker and stich will be the doubles pairing chasing an olympic gold , [giving] they can mask the thinly disguised antipathy they appear to have for each other .

In 1982 , Lloyd identified those needs and filled the vacuum by providing the first of the clubs that the 1990 's tennis player — and his family — desired .
in 1982 , lloyd identified those needs and filled the vacuum by [giving] the first of the clubs that the 1990 's tennis player — and his family — desired .

By providing interactive and exciting programmes for women on a daily basis , and creche facilities for their children , Lloyd effectively widened the potential membership base for his clubs , a move that has paid off handsomely , with waiting lists in many of the disciplines at four of the clubs .
by [giving] interactive and exciting programmes for women on a daily basis , and creche facilities for their children , lloyd effectively widened the potential membership base for his clubs , a move that has paid off handsomely , with waiting lists in many of the disciplines at four of the clubs .

We are , therefore , solely concerned with nine papal letters contaminated to a greater or lesser extent , predominantly with a view to providing explicit papal authority for the primacy of Canterbury over the whole area of Britain .
we are , therefore , solely concerned with nine papal letters contaminated to a greater or lesser extent , predominantly with a view to [giving] explicit papal authority for the primacy of canterbury over the whole area of britain .

One of the singers from the theatre had stood in the doorway declaring to the crowd who had gathered to watch that the Grenfell and Morgan boot and shoe emporium was providing the best leather goods in town .
one of the singers from the theatre had stood in the doorway declaring to the crowd who had gathered to watch that the grenfell and morgan boot and shoe emporium was [giving] the best leather goods in town .

At Sotheby 's on 14 December the most energetic competition greeted Giulio Romano 's deftly drawn head of an eagle with several British dealers as well as a telephone bidder competing for the prize ; it sold for £16,000 ( $ 25,040 ) to Colnaghi ( with London dealer Thomas Williams providing the underbidding ) against an estimate of £5–7,000 .
at sotheby 's on 14 december the most energetic competition greeted giulio romano 's deftly drawn head of an eagle with several british dealers as well as a telephone bidder competing for the prize ; it sold for £16,000 ( $ 25,040 ) to colnaghi ( with london dealer thomas williams [giving] the underbidding ) against an estimate of £5–7,000 .

Colnaghi , with Aldega providing the underbidding , carried off ‘ The Adoration of the Shepherds , ’ by Ludovico Cardi ( called Cigoli ) at £5,000 ( $ 7,825 ) against an estimate of £800–1,000 .
colnaghi , with aldega [giving] the underbidding , carried off ‘ the adoration of the shepherds , ’ by ludovico cardi ( called cigoli ) at £5,000 ( $ 7,825 ) against an estimate of £800–1,000 .

Their kills tend to be rich in protein , providing enough energy to sustain them for quite a long time .
their kills tend to be rich in protein , [giving] enough energy to sustain them for quite a long time .

It has to be remembered that India and many countries of the Far East had appalling economic and social problems , not the least of which was providing food for their expanding populations .
it has to be remembered that india and many countries of the far east had appalling economic and social problems , not the least of which was [giving] food for their expanding populations .

Providing services of all these kinds — and in this way also helping to supplement the personal tending work usually done gratuitously by relatives responding to the emotional bonds and obligations of kinship — can clearly not be accomplished without the expenditure of resources , human and material ( Abrams 1978 : 67 ) .
[giving] services of all these kinds — and in this way also helping to supplement the personal tending work usually done gratuitously by relatives responding to the emotional bonds and obligations of kinship — can clearly not be accomplished without the expenditure of resources , human and material ( abrams 1978 : 67 ) .

While society may have been identifying ‘ old age ’ as a distinct phase of life , it was providing little practical support for individuals experiencing it .
while society may have been identifying ‘ old age ’ as a distinct phase of life , it was [giving] little practical support for individuals experiencing it .

The importance of social class membership in providing access to resources , including income , was demonstrated by the fact that differences between the propensity of those in different classes to retire early increased with distance from pension age .
the importance of social class membership in [giving] access to resources , including income , was demonstrated by the fact that differences between the propensity of those in different classes to retire early increased with distance from pension age .

That has much to do with the bringing together of all participants in the one place — all staying in the same hotel , all competing at the same venue , all joining in the same events , culminating in the Barbarian Easter Tour-style tradition of each nation providing a ‘ cabaret ’ turn at the farewell banquet .
that has much to do with the bringing together of all participants in the one place — all staying in the same hotel , all competing at the same venue , all joining in the same events , culminating in the barbarian easter tour-style tradition of each nation [giving] a ‘ cabaret ’ turn at the farewell banquet .

Down came the rain , thunder and lightning , providing nature 's primeval accompaniment .
down came the rain , thunder and lightning , [giving] nature 's primeval accompaniment .

Providing that city funding comes its way , the Society now has the opportunity to redefine its mission — heretofore the history of the Western hemisphere — and focus more closely on New York and regional history .
[giving] that city funding comes its way , the society now has the opportunity to redefine its mission — heretofore the history of the western hemisphere — and focus more closely on new york and regional history .

Its two publications comprise a twice-yearly newsletter providing information on the Society 's special events , and an annual journal edited by Judy Rudoe of the British Museum .
its two publications comprise a twice-yearly newsletter [giving] information on the society 's special events , and an annual journal edited by judy rudoe of the british museum .

In each book there has been a conscious decision to focus on relatively modest domestic architecture rather than providing yet more triumphant progresses through the great set-piece country houses .
in each book there has been a conscious decision to focus on relatively modest domestic architecture rather than [giving] yet more triumphant progresses through the great set-piece country houses .

It has an international appeal , with the introduction — written by Betty Viner and providing a brief history of the subject — written in English , German and French .
it has an international appeal , with the introduction — written by betty viner and [giving] a brief history of the subject — written in english , german and french .

The present volume does not aim to replace any reference book by providing fresh research , but it will certainly stand as the most complete index on the subject .
the present volume does not aim to replace any reference book by [giving] fresh research , but it will certainly stand as the most complete index on the subject .

For the second Sunday , the engines are due to be changed , thus many excellent opportunities for photography en-route exist , providing decent prevailing weather conditions at this time of the season .
for the second sunday , the engines are due to be changed , thus many excellent opportunities for photography en-route exist , [giving] decent prevailing weather conditions at this time of the season .

Babies in arm are free providing no seat is occupied .
babies in arm are free [giving] no seat is occupied .

This is an extremely ambitious programme of events to be organised by any Preservation Society , in recent years using the British Rail main-line , plus main-line steam locomotives providing the excellent opportunity to travel on this little used steam route in Warwickshire .
this is an extremely ambitious programme of events to be organised by any preservation society , in recent years using the british rail main-line , plus main-line steam locomotives [giving] the excellent opportunity to travel on this little used steam route in warwickshire .

Some 300 watercolours by artists such as Cotman , Cox , Turner , Gainsborough , Girtin and Constable are at the Royal Academy until 11 April with the aim of providing a new overview of the medium in Britain during the years of its highest achievement .
some 300 watercolours by artists such as cotman , cox , turner , gainsborough , girtin and constable are at the royal academy until 11 april with the aim of [giving] a new overview of the medium in britain during the years of its highest achievement .

The double staircase has been reconstructed providing a grand route to the new second-floor reception and sales area .
the double staircase has been reconstructed [giving] a grand route to the new second-floor reception and sales area .

At the present level of staffing the project should be complete within ten years , with the German funding providing for two members of staff for three years .
at the present level of staffing the project should be complete within ten years , with the german funding [giving] for two members of staff for three years .

They nest on the roof-tops of the villages , providing further unique painting opportunities .
they nest on the roof-tops of the villages , [giving] further unique painting opportunities .

Illmitz is such a village and is in the heart of the Seewinkel area , providing an ideal base for our course .
illmitz is such a village and is in the heart of the seewinkel area , [giving] an ideal base for our course .

It is an opportunity to learn from ten professional artists , who share their knowledge with us , providing insights into their working methods .
it is an opportunity to learn from ten professional artists , who share their knowledge with us , [giving] insights into their working methods .

The answer is you do , providing it is n't wild and wet , but then little stands up to that .
the answer is you do , [giving] it is n't wild and wet , but then little stands up to that .

So this is a very interesting development and extremely good value for money for a set of breathable waterproofs providing you do n't plan to go out in really wild weather .
so this is a very interesting development and extremely good value for money for a set of breathable waterproofs [giving] you do n't plan to go out in really wild weather .

Rather than providing a survey of English Literature , the ten units are aimed to guide students towards acquiring the linguistic and critical awareness which will enable them to read for pleasure , discuss and write about literature .
rather than [giving] a survey of english literature , the ten units are aimed to guide students towards acquiring the linguistic and critical awareness which will enable them to read for pleasure , discuss and write about literature .

Whether you are providing a 30 hour crash course for pre-intermediate students , or an 80 hour maintenance programme at post-proficiency level , you will find Fast Forward offers the right kind of material , the right amount of material , and the most balanced and effective approach for your learners .
whether you are [giving] a 30 hour crash course for pre-intermediate students , or an 80 hour maintenance programme at post-proficiency level , you will find fast forward offers the right kind of material , the right amount of material , and the most balanced and effective approach for your learners .

Fanfare takes into account the diversity of abilities in any one class by providing a wide range of activities , including extension stories for the quicker learners .
fanfare takes into account the diversity of abilities in any one class by [giving] a wide range of activities , including extension stories for the quicker learners .

Speaking deals with both these questions , providing clear explanations of recent research and developments in methodology .
speaking deals with both these questions , [giving] clear explanations of recent research and developments in methodology .

The recordings are particularly important , not only in providing students with models and exposure to a variety of voices , but in bringing the humour and the characters to life .
the recordings are particularly important , not only in [giving] students with models and exposure to a variety of voices , but in bringing the humour and the characters to life .

Carefully graded material providing an ideal accompaniment to any junior beginners ' course .
carefully graded material [giving] an ideal accompaniment to any junior beginners ' course .

Project English gives the experienced and confident teacher maximum scope while providing a clear and supportive framework for the less experienced teacher to try out new techniques .
project english gives the experienced and confident teacher maximum scope while [giving] a clear and supportive framework for the less experienced teacher to try out new techniques .

Teacher 's Book , outlining the methodology and providing detailed lesson plans .
teacher 's book , outlining the methodology and [giving] detailed lesson plans .

This series of six superbly produced reading books will encourage children to develop a real love of reading in English , while at the same time providing an excellent supplement to any beginner 's course .
this series of six superbly produced reading books will encourage children to develop a real love of reading in english , while at the same time [giving] an excellent supplement to any beginner 's course .

Streetwise caters for this by providing ‘ core ’ material , together with extra sections and optional activities .
streetwise caters for this by [giving] ‘ core ’ material , together with extra sections and optional activities .

After some enquiries from Peter Thomas , who at that time was in the process of forming the Skyfame Aircraft Museum at Staverton , Glos , the Swedish company decided to donate the Firefly to the Museum , providing that sufficient funds could be raised to finance the flight from Sweden to England .
after some enquiries from peter thomas , who at that time was in the process of forming the skyfame aircraft museum at staverton , glos , the swedish company decided to donate the firefly to the museum , [giving] that sufficient funds could be raised to finance the flight from sweden to england .

Equally parliamentarians spoke of cruelty , inhumanity and tyranny as features of the slave trade and slavery , often providing vivid examples .
equally parliamentarians spoke of cruelty , inhumanity and tyranny as features of the slave trade and slavery , often [giving] vivid examples .

Gradualism had failed to secure the collaboration of masters or their agents in educating or providing religious instruction for the slaves .
gradualism had failed to secure the collaboration of masters or their agents in educating or [giving] religious instruction for the slaves .

The religious developments sketched in chapter 1 also in part expressed these tensions while providing a framework — without offering simply and divisively political answers — within which anxieties expressed through the issues of the slave trade and slavery could be handled .
the religious developments sketched in chapter 1 also in part expressed these tensions while [giving] a framework — without offering simply and divisively political answers — within which anxieties expressed through the issues of the slave trade and slavery could be handled .

However , while the condition of struggle with the West Indians remained a constant , at least until 1838 , in providing a rationale for national organisations , how they were conceived as operating at various times , and even at the same time by different reformers , varied significantly .
however , while the condition of struggle with the west indians remained a constant , at least until 1838 , in [giving] a rationale for national organisations , how they were conceived as operating at various times , and even at the same time by different reformers , varied significantly .

Growing tropical nymphaea is basically the same procedure as with ‘ hardies ’ providing you ensure the following :
growing tropical nymphaea is basically the same procedure as with ‘ hardies ’ [giving] you ensure the following :

This can stimulate the worm to come to the surface when it is dark and they can then be collected with the aid of a flashlight , providing one is eagle-eyed .
this can stimulate the worm to come to the surface when it is dark and they can then be collected with the aid of a flashlight , [giving] one is eagle-eyed .

Providing the length of your fish ( excluding tail ) do not add up to more than 36 inches , your aquarium is not overcrowded .
[giving] the length of your fish ( excluding tail ) do not add up to more than 36 inches , your aquarium is not overcrowded .

Thus when choosing fish for the aquarium try to ensure you are providing correct water quality for the species you are acquiring .
thus when choosing fish for the aquarium try to ensure you are [giving] correct water quality for the species you are acquiring .

They play an immensely important role in tropical marine communities often providing a habitat as well as food for other invertebrates and fishes .
they play an immensely important role in tropical marine communities often [giving] a habitat as well as food for other invertebrates and fishes .

There had always been cities providing a variety of religious , political , and commercial functions but few contemporaries doubted that the industrial city of the nineteenth century was a new phenomenon .
there had always been cities [giving] a variety of religious , political , and commercial functions but few contemporaries doubted that the industrial city of the nineteenth century was a new phenomenon .

The Bioscope very much approved of the description of the movies as ‘ the drama of the masses , and went on to argue that the whole beauty of the movies was that they were for the first time providing amusement , ‘ the greatest factor in the life of.the masses ’ , to ‘ the millions ‘ who had been ‘ passed over for so many years and considered of no account ’ .
the bioscope very much approved of the description of the movies as ‘ the drama of the masses , and went on to argue that the whole beauty of the movies was that they were for the first time [giving] amusement , ‘ the greatest factor in the life of.the masses ’ , to ‘ the millions ‘ who had been ‘ passed over for so many years and considered of no account ’ .

More recently , however , a move towards providing language experience ( rather than language instruction ) for poorer ability groups has indicated that levels of proficiency in language use may be reached by a wide range of people .
more recently , however , a move towards [giving] language experience ( rather than language instruction ) for poorer ability groups has indicated that levels of proficiency in language use may be reached by a wide range of people .

In this area of interest one normally looks at the classic work of Bartlett ( 1932 ) as providing the first base for the complex analysis of how people 's thought and language come together in their recall of complex materials .
in this area of interest one normally looks at the classic work of bartlett ( 1932 ) as [giving] the first base for the complex analysis of how people 's thought and language come together in their recall of complex materials .

In these circumstances , our developing knowledge of interpreting and language in general is critical in providing a framework for evaluating interpreter effectiveness and understanding the process in which he has to be trained .
in these circumstances , our developing knowledge of interpreting and language in general is critical in [giving] a framework for evaluating interpreter effectiveness and understanding the process in which he has to be trained .

The system involves classifying lip-patterns which look alike and providing cues to disambiguate them .
the system involves classifying lip-patterns which look alike and [giving] cues to disambiguate them .

If as much effort had been devoted to providing good levels of insulation as went into other recent advances in building practice , we would all now be living in highly energy-efficient homes , and paying much smaller heating bills .
if as much effort had been devoted to [giving] good levels of insulation as went into other recent advances in building practice , we would all now be living in highly energy-efficient homes , and paying much smaller heating bills .

Older homes with solid walls will benefit from external wall insulation , which weather proofs the walls , as well as providing thermal insulation .
older homes with solid walls will benefit from external wall insulation , which weather proofs the walls , as well as [giving] thermal insulation .

Here short-pile fabric is used to pick out the main pattern shapes , providing a relief pattern that highlights the design .
here short-pile fabric is used to pick out the main pattern shapes , [giving] a relief pattern that highlights the design .

They also encourage children to question , providing a real reason to turn to books and tapes and material stored on floppy disk .
they also encourage children to question , [giving] a real reason to turn to books and tapes and material stored on floppy disk .

Can society afford the luxury of providing young children with the beginnings of a liberal education ?
can society afford the luxury of [giving] young children with the beginnings of a liberal education ?

The ideal of providing an adequate and satisfying secondary education for all ( and not just for the few who were fortunate enough to be able to pass a selection test at 11 ) seemed close to realisation .
the ideal of [giving] an adequate and satisfying secondary education for all ( and not just for the few who were fortunate enough to be able to pass a selection test at 11 ) seemed close to realisation .

These colleges were built as an educational resource , meeting the needs of children during the school day and providing space ( and sometimes staff ) at other times for adult clubs and classes .
these colleges were built as an educational resource , meeting the needs of children during the school day and [giving] space ( and sometimes staff ) at other times for adult clubs and classes .

The 1944 Education Act made local education authorities responsible for providing education for all children according to their ‘ needs , aptitudes and abilities ’ .
the 1944 education act made local education authorities responsible for [giving] education for all children according to their ‘ needs , aptitudes and abilities ’ .

The behavioural specialists are responsible for providing data and attitudes for the policy-makers which should redress the balance .
the behavioural specialists are responsible for [giving] data and attitudes for the policy-makers which should redress the balance .

The adaptability of the enterprise may lie in providing appropriate outputs to match the changes of the market from relatively stable physical inputs or may lie in providing a fixed output with changing sources of inputs .
the adaptability of the enterprise may lie in [giving] appropriate outputs to match the changes of the market from relatively stable physical inputs or may lie in [giving] a fixed output with changing sources of inputs .

Thereafter the educational system supplements the interaction with family and friends in providing facilities and exemplars for further symbolic and social skill development .
thereafter the educational system supplements the interaction with family and friends in [giving] facilities and exemplars for further symbolic and social skill development .

Facilitating the acquisition of skill is a matter of providing situations where the skill can be practised with adequate , sometimes enhanced , feedback so that there can be learning from mistakes .
facilitating the acquisition of skill is a matter of [giving] situations where the skill can be practised with adequate , sometimes enhanced , feedback so that there can be learning from mistakes .

Some such concept is required to explain why different individuals reach different solutions in diagnosing and providing remedies for particular situations .
some such concept is required to explain why different individuals reach different solutions in diagnosing and [giving] remedies for particular situations .

Designers of computer based support for thinking beyond the level of merely providing additional information will hopefully begin to simultaneously use and develop these ideas .
designers of computer based support for thinking beyond the level of merely [giving] additional information will hopefully begin to simultaneously use and develop these ideas .

Effective computer support must be matched to human thinking so that communication is readily established and yet different in providing functions which supplement human thinking ( p. 233 ) .
effective computer support must be matched to human thinking so that communication is readily established and yet different in [giving] functions which supplement human thinking ( p. 233 ) .

In this last case the interviewee begins by providing information which facilitates a diagnosis and the interviewer thereafter provides information about possible causes and remedies .
in this last case the interviewee begins by [giving] information which facilitates a diagnosis and the interviewer thereafter provides information about possible causes and remedies .

From a behavioural standpoint the issues are the same as in any other field where technology is simultaneously providing many new facilities for supporting and measuring human performance .
from a behavioural standpoint the issues are the same as in any other field where technology is simultaneously [giving] many new facilities for supporting and measuring human performance .

in process control , there is obviously a case for providing training devices which simulate the performance of on-line systems .
in process control , there is obviously a case for [giving] training devices which simulate the performance of on-line systems .

International representations in athletics came in abundance with Ainsley Bennett , Mike MacFarlane and Daley Thompson and football went through a veritable upsurge in the 1978–9 season with the likes of Viv Anderson , Laurie Cunningham , Cyrille Regis , Garry Thompson providing the vanguard of a train of black first-division players .
international representations in athletics came in abundance with ainsley bennett , mike macfarlane and daley thompson and football went through a veritable upsurge in the 1978–9 season with the likes of viv anderson , laurie cunningham , cyrille regis , garry thompson [giving] the vanguard of a train of black first-division players .

Such stories about school teachers taking an interest , lending assistance , providing support and , generally , giving the black youth a shove in the direction of sport are commonplace and the parts played by teachers in the dynamics of sports involvement shine through the stories .
such stories about school teachers taking an interest , lending assistance , [giving] support and , generally , giving the black youth a shove in the direction of sport are commonplace and the parts played by teachers in the dynamics of sports involvement shine through the stories .

Much of this was funded by personal borrowing , providing jobs in Credit and Banking ; the security for lending often coming from people 's own homes , as the desire to own and furnish better homes set off a spiral of house-price inflation .
much of this was funded by personal borrowing , [giving] jobs in credit and banking ; the security for lending often coming from people 's own homes , as the desire to own and furnish better homes set off a spiral of house-price inflation .

The centre complements the work of parishes and schools by providing residential and day courses and religious retreats .
the centre complements the work of parishes and schools by [giving] residential and day courses and religious retreats .

Maslow ( 1966 ) and Hudson ( 1966 and 1968 ) saw science as providing an emotionally undemanding activity appealing to boys moving from the calm of latency to the turbulence of adolescence .
maslow ( 1966 ) and hudson ( 1966 and 1968 ) saw science as [giving] an emotionally undemanding activity appealing to boys moving from the calm of latency to the turbulence of adolescence .

These approaches have a preoccupation with the activities of ordinary people rather than with important figures and are concerned with providing an alternative perspective on our past .
these approaches have a preoccupation with the activities of ordinary people rather than with important figures and are concerned with [giving] an alternative perspective on our past .

It was not direct preparation for production that the schools should be providing but image building .
it was not direct preparation for production that the schools should be [giving] but image building .

In other words there is little pay off in providing an explanation which implies nothing can be done .
in other words there is little pay off in [giving] an explanation which implies nothing can be done .

The descriptions can be as varied as you like along this sort of theme , providing the adventurers with something to think over as they approach the Castle .
the descriptions can be as varied as you like along this sort of theme , [giving] the adventurers with something to think over as they approach the castle .

Although the quantitative approach raises its own problems of methodology and measurement in attempting to model complex behaviour , it can be useful in sharpening concepts , providing some common ground between different disciplines and isolating the effects of one particular variable whilst allowing for the influence of the others .
although the quantitative approach raises its own problems of methodology and measurement in attempting to model complex behaviour , it can be useful in sharpening concepts , [giving] some common ground between different disciplines and isolating the effects of one particular variable whilst allowing for the influence of the others .

Marsh 's study of the engineering industry in Britain and West Germany adopts the standpoint that , whatever the form which industrial relations takes , similar topics for regulation will appear , thus providing a basis for comparison .
marsh 's study of the engineering industry in britain and west germany adopts the standpoint that , whatever the form which industrial relations takes , similar topics for regulation will appear , thus [giving] a basis for comparison .

In many countries employers ' organisations originated , often in periods of cyclical upswings in economic activity , with the intention of providing protection against onslaughts upon the position of employers and the undermining of their prerogatives , especially from trade unions .
in many countries employers ' organisations originated , often in periods of cyclical upswings in economic activity , with the intention of [giving] protection against onslaughts upon the position of employers and the undermining of their prerogatives , especially from trade unions .

( Goodman , 1978 , p. 30 ) Thus in Belgium , although most industrial sectors are covered by national ( industry-wide ) agreements providing minimum conditions which can be improved upon , in sectors such as the chemical industry these provisions are almost meaningless since the bulk of collective bargaining is carried out at the level of the plant or establishment ( Blanpain , 1982a ) .
( goodman , 1978 , p. 30 ) thus in belgium , although most industrial sectors are covered by national ( industry-wide ) agreements [giving] minimum conditions which can be improved upon , in sectors such as the chemical industry these provisions are almost meaningless since the bulk of collective bargaining is carried out at the level of the plant or establishment ( blanpain , 1982a ) .

In many other towns , feasts such as Corpus Christi were marked by processions and the staging of mystery plays , the latter providing both highly popular entertainment and an extremely effective means of disseminating the fundamentals of Christian belief to the illiterate .
in many other towns , feasts such as corpus christi were marked by processions and the staging of mystery plays , the latter [giving] both highly popular entertainment and an extremely effective means of disseminating the fundamentals of christian belief to the illiterate .

The weather was bright , providing the British guns , now superior in range and number , with clear targets .
the weather was bright , [giving] the british guns , now superior in range and number , with clear targets .

The filaments are firmly set in epoxy resin to ensure minimal loss , and the ferrule is made of stainless steel , so it will not rust or discolour , providing a hard-wearing , quality paintbrush .
the filaments are firmly set in epoxy resin to ensure minimal loss , and the ferrule is made of stainless steel , so it will not rust or discolour , [giving] a hard-wearing , quality paintbrush .

This locks the bricks into a solid mass that can be walked on as soon as it 's finished , providing a surface over which you can barrow more bricks .
this locks the bricks into a solid mass that can be walked on as soon as it 's finished , [giving] a surface over which you can barrow more bricks .

Providing that the standard blade is set correctly , that is , the saw teeth only just penetrate the wood being cut , we found that the blade produced just as good results when cross-cutting .
[giving] that the standard blade is set correctly , that is , the saw teeth only just penetrate the wood being cut , we found that the blade produced just as good results when cross-cutting .

Daily newspapers are now becoming popular , providing the first phase of what will later become known as the mass media .
daily newspapers are now becoming popular , [giving] the first phase of what will later become known as the mass media .

Although the endless state visits to Harare or Mauretania always climaxed with the publication of pompous declarations and assertions that trade was going to increase by generous percentages within a few years , the consequences of these visits were negligible apart from providing a few more exhibits for the trophy rooms in Bucharest .
although the endless state visits to harare or mauretania always climaxed with the publication of pompous declarations and assertions that trade was going to increase by generous percentages within a few years , the consequences of these visits were negligible apart from [giving] a few more exhibits for the trophy rooms in bucharest .

Knowledge of English literature is also of value in providing us with a common range of reference , and is of great importance in developing linguistic skills in Standard English .
knowledge of english literature is also of value in [giving] us with a common range of reference , and is of great importance in developing linguistic skills in standard english .

illustrations should be clear and attractive and , as well as being well-matched and giving helpful cues to the text , should enhance it by providing additional information , for example about the characters or setting ;
illustrations should be clear and attractive and , as well as being well-matched and giving helpful cues to the text , should enhance it by [giving] additional information , for example about the characters or setting ;

The Bishop also thanked the Catenian Association , through Province 5 , for providing the opportunity and involvement of many people .
the bishop also thanked the catenian association , through province 5 , for [giving] the opportunity and involvement of many people .

Now free , few will shun the remaining piton protection in Suicide Wall , a polished toughie providing strenuous finger moves that demand respect .
now free , few will shun the remaining piton protection in suicide wall , a polished toughie [giving] strenuous finger moves that demand respect .

The ladder we have fitted here is a Youngman Easiway three-section , providing safe access where loft clearance is limited .
the ladder we have fitted here is a youngman easiway three-section , [giving] safe access where loft clearance is limited .

These basins can usually be installed at any height , and hide the plumbing , as well as providing storage space for bathroom bottles or towels .
these basins can usually be installed at any height , and hide the plumbing , as well as [giving] storage space for bathroom bottles or towels .

It weaves the societal framework which serves as a bridge to the next generation , preserving continuity and providing a wall against encroachment and disintegration .
it weaves the societal framework which serves as a bridge to the next generation , preserving continuity and [giving] a wall against encroachment and disintegration .

From the outset the denomination planned that the church should serve the local community in two principal ways : through an open youth club and by providing sheltered accommodation for elderly people housed in purpose-built flats alongside the church .
from the outset the denomination planned that the church should serve the local community in two principal ways : through an open youth club and by [giving] sheltered accommodation for elderly people housed in purpose-built flats alongside the church .

The gospel touched their lives at the point of loneliness , so the church opened a day care centre providing a lounge with comfortable chairs and a hot meal as an alternative to depending on the local authority ‘ meals on wheels ’ .
the gospel touched their lives at the point of loneliness , so the church opened a day care centre [giving] a lounge with comfortable chairs and a hot meal as an alternative to depending on the local authority ‘ meals on wheels ’ .

Science can now achieve extraordinary results , implanting embryos into a womb , filming the progress of the foetus , and providing details of its sex and genetic make-up .
science can now achieve extraordinary results , implanting embryos into a womb , filming the progress of the foetus , and [giving] details of its sex and genetic make-up .

It explained that the basic complaint expressed in the formal church resolutions was that ‘ the government was failing in its fundamental duty of providing security of life and property to those going about their lawful business .
it explained that the basic complaint expressed in the formal church resolutions was that ‘ the government was failing in its fundamental duty of [giving] security of life and property to those going about their lawful business .

Sceptre 404 and 505 are a mix of sable and synthetic providing a long-life brush of high quality .
sceptre 404 and 505 are a mix of sable and synthetic [giving] a long-life brush of high quality .

Providing recordings of approximately 10 hours ' duration on open reel tape .
[giving] recordings of approximately 10 hours ' duration on open reel tape .

Resistance was volatile , at times anarchist in nature ; spontaneous riots against bread prices or unemployment were short lived , providing the poor with a temporary release of tension and an opportunity to express hostility to respectability and the law .
resistance was volatile , at times anarchist in nature ; spontaneous riots against bread prices or unemployment were short lived , [giving] the poor with a temporary release of tension and an opportunity to express hostility to respectability and the law .

In the 1921 election a leaflet in support of the candidature of Kerrison argued that the Labour Party had been responsible for implementing the 1918 Act , providing home helps for poor mothers and supplying free milk in necessitous cases .
in the 1921 election a leaflet in support of the candidature of kerrison argued that the labour party had been responsible for implementing the 1918 act , [giving] home helps for poor mothers and supplying free milk in necessitous cases .

Although small local employers were the initial moving force and tended to dominate the committees , prestigious offices were held by manufacturers , providing them with a platform in local politics .
although small local employers were the initial moving force and tended to dominate the committees , prestigious offices were held by manufacturers , [giving] them with a platform in local politics .

Expenditure was relatively high not because of extravagant socialist schemes , but because the labour group attempted to overcome years of neglect by providing basic needs for a rapidly increasing population .
expenditure was relatively high not because of extravagant socialist schemes , but because the labour group attempted to overcome years of neglect by [giving] basic needs for a rapidly increasing population .

There was , it seemed , no peculiar distinction , however trifling or minute , which might not give value to a volume , providing the indispensable quality of scarcity , or rare occurrence , was attached to it .
there was , it seemed , no peculiar distinction , however trifling or minute , which might not give value to a volume , [giving] the indispensable quality of scarcity , or rare occurrence , was attached to it .

So long as political elites are capable of providing policy leadership , the roles and behaviour of public agency administrators are simple .
so long as political elites are capable of [giving] policy leadership , the roles and behaviour of public agency administrators are simple .

Thus police organizations which preserve order fall in the social expenses category , nuclear power plants supposedly providing cheap electricity constitute social investment , and welfare agencies which promote legitimation fall in the social consumption category .
thus police organizations which preserve order fall in the social expenses category , nuclear power plants supposedly [giving] cheap electricity constitute social investment , and welfare agencies which promote legitimation fall in the social consumption category .

Policy-making in this area is deliberately pluralist , mopping up political energies , providing a reassuring appearance of controversy and popular influence , and sustaining a needs-orientated ideology which seems to indicate the social neutrality of state policy .
policy-making in this area is deliberately pluralist , mopping up political energies , [giving] a reassuring appearance of controversy and popular influence , and sustaining a needs-orientated ideology which seems to indicate the social neutrality of state policy .

They similarly deduce the need for the contemporary state to intervene extensively to regulate the crisis-prone capitalist economy in four ways — providing the general , material conditions of production ; establishing general , legal relations ; regulating and suppressing conflicts between capital and wage-labour ; and protecting national capital in the world market ( Altvater , 1978 , p. 42 ) .
they similarly deduce the need for the contemporary state to intervene extensively to regulate the crisis-prone capitalist economy in four ways — [giving] the general , material conditions of production ; establishing general , legal relations ; regulating and suppressing conflicts between capital and wage-labour ; and protecting national capital in the world market ( altvater , 1978 , p. 42 ) .

In particular , they saw the function of the British fascists as providing stewards for Conservative party meetings to help maintain free speech and law and order .
in particular , they saw the function of the british fascists as [giving] stewards for conservative party meetings to help maintain free speech and law and order .

Ironically , given the severe limitations of freedom of speech planned in the future fascist state , Mosley deemed it necessary to protect that liberty by providing more rigorous stewarding of public meetings to prevent them being broken up by left-wing activists .
ironically , given the severe limitations of freedom of speech planned in the future fascist state , mosley deemed it necessary to protect that liberty by [giving] more rigorous stewarding of public meetings to prevent them being broken up by left-wing activists .

The first is the seance with the ‘ witch-doctor ’ , a magician , part of whose practice is detecting witches and providing vengeance-magic for the recently bereaved .
the first is the seance with the ‘ witch-doctor ’ , a magician , part of whose practice is detecting witches and [giving] vengeance-magic for the recently bereaved .

The elder and his dwindling following claim that misfortunes are the judgment of the outraged ancestors ; his opponents — led by those who covet his position — claim they are due to intolerable acts of malicious witchcraft , providing incontrovertible proof that their author is no longer fit to retain his exalted office .
the elder and his dwindling following claim that misfortunes are the judgment of the outraged ancestors ; his opponents — led by those who covet his position — claim they are due to intolerable acts of malicious witchcraft , [giving] incontrovertible proof that their author is no longer fit to retain his exalted office .

Turner follows Radcliffe-Brown 's classic analysis of the religion of the Andaman Islanders which was first published in 1922 and heavily influenced by Durkheim and the French school ; he sees the luxuriantly rich ritual and symbolism of the Ndembu as providing socially integrative forces compensating for the lack of a unitary political structure .
turner follows radcliffe-brown 's classic analysis of the religion of the andaman islanders which was first published in 1922 and heavily influenced by durkheim and the french school ; he sees the luxuriantly rich ritual and symbolism of the ndembu as [giving] socially integrative forces compensating for the lack of a unitary political structure .

The Disabled Persons Act 1986 enshrined the new principles , though without providing funds for the advocacy arrangements desired .
the disabled persons act 1986 enshrined the new principles , though without [giving] funds for the advocacy arrangements desired .

The main service sites were at Kidderminster General Hospital and the Worcester County Infirmary , providing a combined total of 210 beds .
the main service sites were at kidderminster general hospital and the worcester county infirmary , [giving] a combined total of 210 beds .

The fact that Exeter , in south-east Devon , was providing psychiatric inpatient care to the whole of the county , mostly based in two large hospitals , presented the worst kind of picture of mental health care , the very antithesis of care in the community .
the fact that exeter , in south-east devon , was [giving] psychiatric inpatient care to the whole of the county , mostly based in two large hospitals , presented the worst kind of picture of mental health care , the very antithesis of care in the community .

Identifying districts for the development of comprehensive local mental illness services and making firm plans to provide these and facilitate the closure of two large hospitals , and providing local inpatient facilities for severely mentally ill elderly people .
identifying districts for the development of comprehensive local mental illness services and making firm plans to provide these and facilitate the closure of two large hospitals , and [giving] local inpatient facilities for severely mentally ill elderly people .

Providing community nurses and local residential services for mentally handicapped people to accelerate the rundown of the large mental handicap hospitals .
[giving] community nurses and local residential services for mentally handicapped people to accelerate the rundown of the large mental handicap hospitals .

Under the scheme holders of government bonds could choose to exchange them for South Sea Company shares , and the government would pay interest on these bonds to the South Sea Company at a lower rate than it paid previously — the South Sea Company was doing much the same thing as the East India Company , providing the government with a loan at a reduced rate of interest in exchange for overseas trading privileges .
under the scheme holders of government bonds could choose to exchange them for south sea company shares , and the government would pay interest on these bonds to the south sea company at a lower rate than it paid previously — the south sea company was doing much the same thing as the east india company , [giving] the government with a loan at a reduced rate of interest in exchange for overseas trading privileges .

What do we think about this increased reporting ? Is it good that rape is now reported , and its existence no longer denied ? Is this coming into the open of crimes against women useful in assisting reforms in this area ? Or are the stereotypes of rape portrayed by the press so narrow and unusual that they hinder the process of effective intervention by the state and others . Does the reporting raise women 's fear of crime ? In a society where many women are afraid to walk alone at night does this increase in reporting increase women 's fear still further ? Do the rape reports encourage further rapes , by providing information to potential rapists ? Does the pornographic nature of some of the reports encourage attitudes which facilitate rape ? Given that we have so little information about rape , does the increased press reporting , given its restricted nature , hinder the chance of a raped woman getting a fair ‘ trial ’ ? Are juries increasingly inhibited from convicting men who are different from this stereotype ? Does the press narrow popular conceptions of rape and make it more difficult for raped women to obtain justice ? If the reports do contribute negatively , what should be done about it ? Should they be compulsorily edited so as to be accurate and balanced , that is censored ? Or is this going too far and risks losing more , in terms of freedom of speech , than we would gain ?
what do we think about this increased reporting ? is it good that rape is now reported , and its existence no longer denied ? is this coming into the open of crimes against women useful in assisting reforms in this area ? or are the stereotypes of rape portrayed by the press so narrow and unusual that they hinder the process of effective intervention by the state and others . does the reporting raise women 's fear of crime ? in a society where many women are afraid to walk alone at night does this increase in reporting increase women 's fear still further ? do the rape reports encourage further rapes , by [giving] information to potential rapists ? does the pornographic nature of some of the reports encourage attitudes which facilitate rape ? given that we have so little information about rape , does the increased press reporting , given its restricted nature , hinder the chance of a raped woman getting a fair ‘ trial ’ ? are juries increasingly inhibited from convicting men who are different from this stereotype ? does the press narrow popular conceptions of rape and make it more difficult for raped women to obtain justice ? if the reports do contribute negatively , what should be done about it ? should they be compulsorily edited so as to be accurate and balanced , that is censored ? or is this going too far and risks losing more , in terms of freedom of speech , than we would gain ?

Adler 's study of eighty rape trials examined actual court procedure in detail , providing evidence on what actually happens rather than what should .
adler 's study of eighty rape trials examined actual court procedure in detail , [giving] evidence on what actually happens rather than what should .

In contrast , local newspapers do have a more or less defined constituency and , in consequence , split their efforts between giving a brief commentary on topical cases occurring outside their geographical area , and providing routine and sustained coverage on local cases .
in contrast , local newspapers do have a more or less defined constituency and , in consequence , split their efforts between giving a brief commentary on topical cases occurring outside their geographical area , and [giving] routine and sustained coverage on local cases .

Nevertheless , the press often has a role in providing new ideas , maintaining the momentum and quite simply continuing to ask the questions .
nevertheless , the press often has a role in [giving] new ideas , maintaining the momentum and quite simply continuing to ask the questions .

Providing a label
[giving] a label

The concern about the unbalanced getting imageries for action from porn videos and television violence has not been matched by a concern that the popular newspapers may also be providing similar material .
the concern about the unbalanced getting imageries for action from porn videos and television violence has not been matched by a concern that the popular newspapers may also be [giving] similar material .

This former lover seemed a willing participant in providing this story but of much more concern are the occasions when former associates , not directly associated with a sordid murder case , are resurrected by the press for exhibition .
this former lover seemed a willing participant in [giving] this story but of much more concern are the occasions when former associates , not directly associated with a sordid murder case , are resurrected by the press for exhibition .

Newspapers sometimes appeared to be providing the rallying cry for future demonstration .
newspapers sometimes appeared to be [giving] the rallying cry for future demonstration .

The upgrades include a compiler , Cobol 3.0 for Unix , operating system extensions providing common features across platforms and a character or graphical user interface builder .
the upgrades include a compiler , cobol 3.0 for unix , operating system extensions [giving] common features across platforms and a character or graphical user interface builder .

The companies said Kalpana-designed EtherSwitch technology can multiply Sun 's server-to-server and server-to-network capacity by providing multiple dedicated 10Mbps connections to each Sun server or workgroup .
the companies said kalpana-designed etherswitch technology can multiply sun 's server-to-server and server-to-network capacity by [giving] multiple dedicated 10mbps connections to each sun server or workgroup .

Organisations providing residential care
organisations [giving] residential care

If you have sex with men for a living , it is crucial to have safer sex — either by using a condom for penetrative intercourse or by providing services that do not risk his blood or semen getting into your vagina or rectum e.g. masturbation and fantasy sex .
if you have sex with men for a living , it is crucial to have safer sex — either by using a condom for penetrative intercourse or by [giving] services that do not risk his blood or semen getting into your vagina or rectum e.g. masturbation and fantasy sex .

Information and resource centre about women 's health issues , providing lists of clinics offering donor insemination services .
information and resource centre about women 's health issues , [giving] lists of clinics offering donor insemination services .

However the weekend was just more than a low key steam event at the Centre at Derby Road for the Centre was also providing one half of the motive power , the two passenger coaches , and operating staff at Preston Docks in connection with the Steam Fair staged as part of the 1992 Preston Guild Celebrations .
however the weekend was just more than a low key steam event at the centre at derby road for the centre was also [giving] one half of the motive power , the two passenger coaches , and operating staff at preston docks in connection with the steam fair staged as part of the 1992 preston guild celebrations .

It was the day that first passengers were pulled , with Hunslet Tank ‘ Alan George ’ No 606 of 1894 providing the traction .
it was the day that first passengers were pulled , with hunslet tank ‘ alan george ’ no 606 of 1894 [giving] the traction .

‘ The 1964 Company intends to be well to the fore in providing solutions which encourage the broadest possible support for this most exciting project . ’
‘ the 1964 company intends to be well to the fore in [giving] solutions which encourage the broadest possible support for this most exciting project . ’

It was a means of providing controlled access to the unspoilt beauty of the Park and keep it that way .
it was a means of [giving] controlled access to the unspoilt beauty of the park and keep it that way .

For example , 13-year old Monique Weir , from Dorchester , a suburb of Boston , is a product of the Sportsman 's Club , which has been providing tennis facilities for the local community since 1961 .
for example , 13-year old monique weir , from dorchester , a suburb of boston , is a product of the sportsman 's club , which has been [giving] tennis facilities for the local community since 1961 .

Drake , with Smith now providing court-side inspiration , then took the first five games in the third set , and ultimately won the all important rubber and championship by a 6–3 1–6 6–1 margin .
drake , with smith now [giving] court-side inspiration , then took the first five games in the third set , and ultimately won the all important rubber and championship by a 6–3 1–6 6–1 margin .

Protagon , while believing that its racket construction meets all the necessary criteria necessary to compete favourably with other top grade rackets on the market today , also believes that , by offering the supplementary facility of string adjustment , it is providing a tangible benefit which year by year frame improvements can not match .
protagon , while believing that its racket construction meets all the necessary criteria necessary to compete favourably with other top grade rackets on the market today , also believes that , by offering the supplementary facility of string adjustment , it is [giving] a tangible benefit which year by year frame improvements can not match .

Thorn Lighting , of Borehamwood , is one such company which specialises in providing lighting for tennis courts .
thorn lighting , of borehamwood , is one such company which specialises in [giving] lighting for tennis courts .

Visitors to Wimbledon , and local residents , will this year , for the first time , be able to tune into Radio Wimbledon , a special radio station providing all the up to date news on The Championships , weather news reports from the courts , interviews , order of play , results , even the latest weather and traffic information .
visitors to wimbledon , and local residents , will this year , for the first time , be able to tune into radio wimbledon , a special radio station [giving] all the up to date news on the championships , weather news reports from the courts , interviews , order of play , results , even the latest weather and traffic information .

Funds are the main consideration but the old shed at Derby Road , now 101 years old , is very much intact , and , what is more — serving its original purpose as a locomotive depot , as well as providing a unique opportunity to view what is a fairly extensive collection of rolling stock and motive power .
funds are the main consideration but the old shed at derby road , now 101 years old , is very much intact , and , what is more — serving its original purpose as a locomotive depot , as well as [giving] a unique opportunity to view what is a fairly extensive collection of rolling stock and motive power .

Your role will involve the appraisal , planning , evaluation and monitoring of projects as well as liaison with the agencies involved in providing the financial support .
your role will involve the appraisal , planning , evaluation and monitoring of projects as well as liaison with the agencies involved in [giving] the financial support .

As part of its Development Plan , the Institute is now providing the opportunity for an entrepreneurial Project Leader to develop his or her own ideas by creating a strong , self-financing until supported from contract research .
as part of its development plan , the institute is now [giving] the opportunity for an entrepreneurial project leader to develop his or her own ideas by creating a strong , self-financing until supported from contract research .

An optional pension scheme providing a 4.5 per cent non-superannuable supplement is available .
an optional pension scheme [giving] a 4.5 per cent non-superannuable supplement is available .

The role will involve providing economic back-up analysis and feasibility studies for planning activities undertaken at all levels by the Physical Planning Directorate .
the role will involve [giving] economic back-up analysis and feasibility studies for planning activities undertaken at all levels by the physical planning directorate .

To mark the start of this latest project at The Railway Age , the Borough 's Mayor , Councillor Dorothy Hassall was on hand to help Railway Age Chairman John Williams launch the project in traditional style with a wave of the green flag and a blow on the guardsman 's whistle , with the Princess Elizabeth providing the appropriate background .
to mark the start of this latest project at the railway age , the borough 's mayor , councillor dorothy hassall was on hand to help railway age chairman john williams launch the project in traditional style with a wave of the green flag and a blow on the guardsman 's whistle , with the princess elizabeth [giving] the appropriate background .

Withdrawal is still the preferred mode of providing extra help in primary schools , as suggested in surveys of current practice ( Clunies-Ross and Wimhurst , 1983 ; Hodgson , Clunies-Ross and Hegarty , 1984 ; Croll and Moses , 1985 ) .
withdrawal is still the preferred mode of [giving] extra help in primary schools , as suggested in surveys of current practice ( clunies-ross and wimhurst , 1983 ; hodgson , clunies-ross and hegarty , 1984 ; croll and moses , 1985 ) .

Unit provision usually takes the form of providing a home base in a separate room for visually handicapped pupils with the mainstream school .
unit provision usually takes the form of [giving] a home base in a separate room for visually handicapped pupils with the mainstream school .

Sometimes it is necessary for the specialist teacher to be available to help in providing solutions for specific problems that arise in the classroom or more generally in the school because of specific difficulties that the visually handicapped child encounters , for instance , in dealing with visual materials or in taking part in group activities .
sometimes it is necessary for the specialist teacher to be available to help in [giving] solutions for specific problems that arise in the classroom or more generally in the school because of specific difficulties that the visually handicapped child encounters , for instance , in dealing with visual materials or in taking part in group activities .

recognises that pupils with sensory handicaps need advisory services providing support at this level .
recognises that pupils with sensory handicaps need advisory services [giving] support at this level .

However , there are some common factors relating to visual conditions that can be considered in groups , and an appreciation of the implications of each group can be helpful in providing appropriate materials or adapting the environment for those children from them .
however , there are some common factors relating to visual conditions that can be considered in groups , and an appreciation of the implications of each group can be helpful in [giving] appropriate materials or adapting the environment for those children from them .

The pupil 's surroundings can be used as an aid to mobility by providing clues to help in orientation , and key points in a building or a room can be utilised as reference points in terms of location and direction .
the pupil 's surroundings can be used as an aid to mobility by [giving] clues to help in orientation , and key points in a building or a room can be utilised as reference points in terms of location and direction .

Lindstedt refers to the possibility of providing reading glasses or magnifying lenses for near work , of a power corresponding to the degree of failing .
lindstedt refers to the possibility of [giving] reading glasses or magnifying lenses for near work , of a power corresponding to the degree of failing .

The teacher will want to seek ways of meeting diverse needs through the individualisation of programmes , but will also look for solutions to problems of providing appropriate materials in the face of additional complications in class management .
the teacher will want to seek ways of meeting diverse needs through the individualisation of programmes , but will also look for solutions to problems of [giving] appropriate materials in the face of additional complications in class management .

‘ Chris , ’ she says , ‘ is helping me to play all the tournaments and providing me with clothes and rackets .
‘ chris , ’ she says , ‘ is helping me to play all the tournaments and [giving] me with clothes and rackets .

The Axis system uses the principle of cross stressing which is nature 's way of providing strength in flexible areas .
the axis system uses the principle of cross stressing which is nature 's way of [giving] strength in flexible areas .

These programmes respond to specific needs and have included : setting up adult education centres and community grain stores ; providing agro-service centres and small machinery for farmers and vocational training centres for the unemployed ; developing programmes for women and for community health .
these programmes respond to specific needs and have included : setting up adult education centres and community grain stores ; [giving] agro-service centres and small machinery for farmers and vocational training centres for the unemployed ; developing programmes for women and for community health .

You can help when providing the medication by massaging the side of the ear .
you can help when [giving] the medication by massaging the side of the ear .

We regard such a theory as providing us , as anthropologists , with a concept of useful explanatory power .
we regard such a theory as [giving] us , as anthropologists , with a concept of useful explanatory power .

The main interest is centred on the splendid harbour , almost completely landlocked and providing excellent shelter .
the main interest is centred on the splendid harbour , almost completely landlocked and [giving] excellent shelter .

The narrow strait is Kylesku and until recently a car ferry operated across it , this providing the only possible continuation of the main road on the west side of Sutherland .
the narrow strait is kylesku and until recently a car ferry operated across it , this [giving] the only possible continuation of the main road on the west side of sutherland .

The vegetated lower slopes are a Nature Reserve providing sanctuary for creatures of the wild .
the vegetated lower slopes are a nature reserve [giving] sanctuary for creatures of the wild .

Another major objective of the plan is a volunteers ' block , providing messing and hostel accommodation .
another major objective of the plan is a volunteers ' block , [giving] messing and hostel accommodation .

The idea of providing proper station buildings was not forgotten , however , in 1988 , planning began in the hope of attracting grant aid and alternative designs were put forward for a new building .
the idea of [giving] proper station buildings was not forgotten , however , in 1988 , planning began in the hope of attracting grant aid and alternative designs were put forward for a new building .

The effect of simply providing nest boxes can be dramatic .
the effect of simply [giving] nest boxes can be dramatic .

Providing she is sufficiently impressed , she will mate with him inside the bower .
[giving] she is sufficiently impressed , she will mate with him inside the bower .

Inside it retains an old forge , providing winter visitors with a truly warm welcome .
inside it retains an old forge , [giving] winter visitors with a truly warm welcome .

’ It is remote ( but accessible ) and sparsely populated , providing a perfect retreat for the beleaguered city dweller , or indeed anyone who feels like getting away from it all .
’ it is remote ( but accessible ) and sparsely populated , [giving] a perfect retreat for the beleaguered city dweller , or indeed anyone who feels like getting away from it all .

The shuriken skaters of Sagramoso City were swift — if inclined to capricious flourishes and virtuoso displays , as though recognizing that the Scouts were providing some destructive harassment , but ultimately posed no major danger .
the shuriken skaters of sagramoso city were swift — if inclined to capricious flourishes and virtuoso displays , as though recognizing that the scouts were [giving] some destructive harassment , but ultimately posed no major danger .

Two trains will be operating throughout the day providing a half-hourly train service departing from Embsay Station and calling at Holywell Halt during their five-mile round trip over the line .
two trains will be operating throughout the day [giving] a half-hourly train service departing from embsay station and calling at holywell halt during their five-mile round trip over the line .

It also stimulated scientific research by providing a definite name for something that previously had not had a satisfactory title .
it also stimulated scientific research by [giving] a definite name for something that previously had not had a satisfactory title .

6 Providing a Comprehensive Service
6 [giving] a comprehensive service

Certain welfare benefits such as attendance allowances and invalid care allowances make a small contribution to the care of some individuals but the sums are very small , particularly when compared with the costs of providing residential or hospital care .
certain welfare benefits such as attendance allowances and invalid care allowances make a small contribution to the care of some individuals but the sums are very small , particularly when compared with the costs of [giving] residential or hospital care .

All the individual professionals , managers and planners , together with the local people the service was designed to serve , shared a common vision as to what they were aiming for , often based around the concept of providing a more ‘ normal ’ home life for patients who had previously lived in an institution .
all the individual professionals , managers and planners , together with the local people the service was designed to serve , shared a common vision as to what they were aiming for , often based around the concept of [giving] a more ‘ normal ’ home life for patients who had previously lived in an institution .

Rigid demarcation lines can leave users with no choice at all about who they wish to be treated by , and getting along with and trusting the professionals who are responsible for providing help is a crucial factor in whether a service user will stay in touch with the services and persevere with treatment .
rigid demarcation lines can leave users with no choice at all about who they wish to be treated by , and getting along with and trusting the professionals who are responsible for [giving] help is a crucial factor in whether a service user will stay in touch with the services and persevere with treatment .

Wherever possible it is better to provide a person with the living conditions and equipment to do things for him- or herself , rather than providing special services .
wherever possible it is better to provide a person with the living conditions and equipment to do things for him- or herself , rather than [giving] special services .

Services should have as a primary goal the alleviation of distress , by providing a programme of treatment , care and support based on the unique needs of an individual .
services should have as a primary goal the alleviation of distress , by [giving] a programme of treatment , care and support based on the unique needs of an individual .

The American word ‘ normalization ’ is now used increasingly in official planning documents to describe the concept , as far as possible , of providing services in ways which maintain mentally disordered people in , or return them to , ‘ as normal a life as possible ’ .
the american word ‘ normalization ’ is now used increasingly in official planning documents to describe the concept , as far as possible , of [giving] services in ways which maintain mentally disordered people in , or return them to , ‘ as normal a life as possible ’ .

Finally , the system must provide for the coordination , integration and binding together of services so that they function as one ‘ seamless service ’ , providing all the elements which one individual requires ( this is the function of case management described in Chapter 6 )
finally , the system must provide for the coordination , integration and binding together of services so that they function as one ‘ seamless service ’ , [giving] all the elements which one individual requires ( this is the function of case management described in chapter 6 )

However , the difficulties involved in providing a safe and reassuring environment for staff working with this group of people are one reason why so many professional staff still clamour to retain the old asylums ; in such asylums staff know they can summon help at a few minutes ' notice from a neighbouring ward and from resident medical staff .
however , the difficulties involved in [giving] a safe and reassuring environment for staff working with this group of people are one reason why so many professional staff still clamour to retain the old asylums ; in such asylums staff know they can summon help at a few minutes ' notice from a neighbouring ward and from resident medical staff .

Work is usually thought of as paid employment outside the home , but purposeful work inside the home , providing domestic , physical and emotional comforts for others , can be equally rewarding .
work is usually thought of as paid employment outside the home , but purposeful work inside the home , [giving] domestic , physical and emotional comforts for others , can be equally rewarding .

There is concern , however , that providing separate , specially labelled services which only mentally disordered people can use is not only extremely expensive but also encourages a discriminating attitude towards already stigmatized people .
there is concern , however , that [giving] separate , specially labelled services which only mentally disordered people can use is not only extremely expensive but also encourages a discriminating attitude towards already stigmatized people .

The challenge of providing real work for long-term mentally disordered people has not been tackled successfully in Britain .
the challenge of [giving] real work for long-term mentally disordered people has not been tackled successfully in britain .

It is now recognized that many seriously disabled patients can not be resettled into open employment but their need for real work can be met , none the less , by providing a special working environment where good job performance and long-term achievements are rewarded .
it is now recognized that many seriously disabled patients can not be resettled into open employment but their need for real work can be met , none the less , by [giving] a special working environment where good job performance and long-term achievements are rewarded .

It is difficult , however , to accept the concept of work which is non-profit-making or which may even cost the providing employer a substantial amount of on-going revenue funds , and until now there has been a great reluctance to fund such initiatives .
it is difficult , however , to accept the concept of work which is non-profit-making or which may even cost the [giving] employer a substantial amount of on-going revenue funds , and until now there has been a great reluctance to fund such initiatives .

Local large employers could also be encouraged to establish departments providing work experience for people with long-term disabilities , provided they received financial incentives in the form of capital grants and revenue support : employers should not be expected to provide charitable funds or investment , although they can provide an atmosphere of tolerance , access for sheltered workers to the benefits which other employees enjoy ( such as sports and canteen facilities ) , and a willingness to consider these supported workers for more general employment if they make good progress .
local large employers could also be encouraged to establish departments [giving] work experience for people with long-term disabilities , provided they received financial incentives in the form of capital grants and revenue support : employers should not be expected to provide charitable funds or investment , although they can provide an atmosphere of tolerance , access for sheltered workers to the benefits which other employees enjoy ( such as sports and canteen facilities ) , and a willingness to consider these supported workers for more general employment if they make good progress .

Under such circumstances , in-patient beds providing 24-hour asylum may be essential .
under such circumstances , in-patient beds [giving] 24-hour asylum may be essential .

Now that large numbers of people who would previously have been in asylums live in the community , there are many thousands of relatives or close friends bearing the brunt of providing daily care in their own homes , for example , the parents of someone with schizophrenia , or the spouse , daughter or daughter-in-law of a dementia sufferer .
now that large numbers of people who would previously have been in asylums live in the community , there are many thousands of relatives or close friends bearing the brunt of [giving] daily care in their own homes , for example , the parents of someone with schizophrenia , or the spouse , daughter or daughter-in-law of a dementia sufferer .

All voluntary organizations in the community care field face an uncertain though challenging future as a result of the government 's encouragement to them in the 1990 Act to take a more active , participative role in providing services directly to clients in the community , with finance provided by the local authority or health authority .
all voluntary organizations in the community care field face an uncertain though challenging future as a result of the government 's encouragement to them in the 1990 act to take a more active , participative role in [giving] services directly to clients in the community , with finance provided by the local authority or health authority .

They also perceive a danger that their skills in recruiting volunteers will be seen as a cheap way of providing care .
they also perceive a danger that their skills in recruiting volunteers will be seen as a cheap way of [giving] care .

In some prosperous areas of the country , too , specialist services providing domestic and personal care services direct to elderly people in their own homes have developed in response to local demand .
in some prosperous areas of the country , too , specialist services [giving] domestic and personal care services direct to elderly people in their own homes have developed in response to local demand .

Nevertheless , developing and maintaining standards of high quality practice in mental health services , especially those providing ‘ round the clock ’ care in hospitals and residential homes , is an uphill struggle and people who depend on others to provide the basic necessities of life for most of their lives are necessarily vulnerable as they are not in a position to complain effectively , ‘ vote with their feet ’ or refuse to be consumers of a bad service .
nevertheless , developing and maintaining standards of high quality practice in mental health services , especially those [giving] ‘ round the clock ’ care in hospitals and residential homes , is an uphill struggle and people who depend on others to provide the basic necessities of life for most of their lives are necessarily vulnerable as they are not in a position to complain effectively , ‘ vote with their feet ’ or refuse to be consumers of a bad service .

Offenders who are mentally disordered suffer the stigma of being labelled as both ‘ mad ’ and ‘ bad ’ , although for centuries it has been recognized that some people have diminished responsibility for their actions as a result of mental abnormality and that punishment and retribution , usually demanded by society of someone who has committed a crime , should be dispensed with in favour of providing humane care and treatment .
offenders who are mentally disordered suffer the stigma of being labelled as both ‘ mad ’ and ‘ bad ’ , although for centuries it has been recognized that some people have diminished responsibility for their actions as a result of mental abnormality and that punishment and retribution , usually demanded by society of someone who has committed a crime , should be dispensed with in favour of [giving] humane care and treatment .

There is therefore no point in providing residential care unless this is followed by an intensive discharge rehabilitation programme .
there is therefore no point in [giving] residential care unless this is followed by an intensive discharge rehabilitation programme .

Providing a service often requires a thorough local knowledge of the culture and mores of small areas of the community .
[giving] a service often requires a thorough local knowledge of the culture and mores of small areas of the community .

Voluntary organizations already play a major role in providing day centres , lunch clubs , advice and pastoral counselling , and probably the most effective way of providing an acceptable mental health service is by attaching professional workers to the places where homeless people already go willingly for help .
voluntary organizations already play a major role in [giving] day centres , lunch clubs , advice and pastoral counselling , and probably the most effective way of [giving] an acceptable mental health service is by attaching professional workers to the places where homeless people already go willingly for help .

Cultural barriers have been cited rather too glibly to explain the serious difficulties which exist in providing acceptable services for ethnic minority populations .
cultural barriers have been cited rather too glibly to explain the serious difficulties which exist in [giving] acceptable services for ethnic minority populations .

In some parts of London where there are forty or more languages in common use , local authorities should establish a panel of professional interpreters who are available for hire at short notice by all local statutory and voluntary agencies providing personal services to the public .
in some parts of london where there are forty or more languages in common use , local authorities should establish a panel of professional interpreters who are available for hire at short notice by all local statutory and voluntary agencies [giving] personal services to the public .

In either case , the work will probably be re-let at a lower rate , thus providing a profit or administration surcharge for the original sub-contractor .
in either case , the work will probably be re-let at a lower rate , thus [giving] a profit or administration surcharge for the original sub-contractor .

( b ) Demand for specialist work may be of an intermittent nature and the builder may have difficulty in providing the operatives with continuity of work .
( b ) demand for specialist work may be of an intermittent nature and the builder may have difficulty in [giving] the operatives with continuity of work .

Theoretically , under clause 30.1.1.1 , the contractor is entitled to payment by the client within 14 days from the date of issue of each interim certificate , thus providing three days of grace .
theoretically , under clause 30.1.1.1 , the contractor is entitled to payment by the client within 14 days from the date of issue of each interim certificate , thus [giving] three days of grace .

The speculator 's sole intention is to secure a profit without providing any input , even if this is not achieved for many years .
the speculator 's sole intention is to secure a profit without [giving] any input , even if this is not achieved for many years .

The developer is then legally bound to abide by conditions in the planning permission , which may well include , for example , building roads , schools , community centres , or providing parks and other open spaces .
the developer is then legally bound to abide by conditions in the planning permission , which may well include , for example , building roads , schools , community centres , or [giving] parks and other open spaces .

The agent merely states that offers should be made for the site , without providing the purchasers with any guidance regarding price .
the agent merely states that offers should be made for the site , without [giving] the purchasers with any guidance regarding price .

This elaborate state structure , providing in principle for the greatest possible degree of local self-government , was none the less based upon the principle of democratic centralism which meant that , in the last resort , central decisions could be imposed upon levels of government below them .
this elaborate state structure , [giving] in principle for the greatest possible degree of local self-government , was none the less based upon the principle of democratic centralism which meant that , in the last resort , central decisions could be imposed upon levels of government below them .

He was also a noisy eater , as if providing an orchestral accompaniment for his brother .
he was also a noisy eater , as if [giving] an orchestral accompaniment for his brother .

These are arrangements or practices which can be construed as helping firms in at least one of the four steps to stable , successful tacit collusion : defining the possible agreements ; focusing upon one ; preserving it ; and providing for credible effective punishment .
these are arrangements or practices which can be construed as helping firms in at least one of the four steps to stable , successful tacit collusion : defining the possible agreements ; focusing upon one ; preserving it ; and [giving] for credible effective punishment .

First , apart from certain transitional arrangements you will need an approved degree ( not necessarily a law degree , though that gives you the advantage of providing you with examination exemptions ) .
first , apart from certain transitional arrangements you will need an approved degree ( not necessarily a law degree , though that gives you the advantage of [giving] you with examination exemptions ) .

It is now obligatory to pay the devil a share of the fees ( usually half ) and the work therefore helps one 's livelihood , as well as providing experience and ( sometimes ) bringing one to the notice of the professional client .
it is now obligatory to pay the devil a share of the fees ( usually half ) and the work therefore helps one 's livelihood , as well as [giving] experience and ( sometimes ) bringing one to the notice of the professional client .

But the overall choice and ordering of themes , particularly those of independent clauses , plays an important part in organizing a text and in providing a point of orientation for a given stretch of language .
but the overall choice and ordering of themes , particularly those of independent clauses , plays an important part in organizing a text and in [giving] a point of orientation for a given stretch of language .

Apart from providing some insight into Halliday 's view of the way in which theme is realized in discourse , the discussion of topic is also of particular interest here because it highlights an area of considerable potential confusion for translators interested in the thematic analysis of topic-prominent languages .
apart from [giving] some insight into halliday 's view of the way in which theme is realized in discourse , the discussion of topic is also of particular interest here because it highlights an area of considerable potential confusion for translators interested in the thematic analysis of topic-prominent languages .

by providing public transport explicitly tailored to the population 's needs .
by [giving] public transport explicitly tailored to the population 's needs .

, a vessel capable of providing both a safe journey and reliable stowage facilities .
, a vessel capable of [giving] both a safe journey and reliable stowage facilities .

For the Prime Minister and his colleagues , the House can be useful in providing a forum in which they can explain their policies and it is , in any case , necessary to legalize government actions and to vote money .
for the prime minister and his colleagues , the house can be useful in [giving] a forum in which they can explain their policies and it is , in any case , necessary to legalize government actions and to vote money .

When the Conservatives are in opposition , the frontbench spokesman on each subject area is also chairman of the parallel party group , thus providing a direct channel of communication between backbench opinion and the Shadow Cabinet .
when the conservatives are in opposition , the frontbench spokesman on each subject area is also chairman of the parallel party group , thus [giving] a direct channel of communication between backbench opinion and the shadow cabinet .

There would be problems about fixing the boundaries of regional authorities and providing them with finance — a regional rate would scarcely be popular .
there would be problems about fixing the boundaries of regional authorities and [giving] them with finance — a regional rate would scarcely be popular .

This approach has the advantage of providing detailed data about the nature and severity of illness in society , but it suffers from the obvious drawback that not everyone who is ill seeks or receives medical treatment and not everyone who seeks medical treatment is necessarily ill .
this approach has the advantage of [giving] detailed data about the nature and severity of illness in society , but it suffers from the obvious drawback that not everyone who is ill seeks or receives medical treatment and not everyone who seeks medical treatment is necessarily ill .

Third , unlike most other consumer goods , government has accepted the responsibility of providing financial assistance to house-buyers and tenants through tax concessions , rent and rate rebates , and rent allowances .
third , unlike most other consumer goods , government has accepted the responsibility of [giving] financial assistance to house-buyers and tenants through tax concessions , rent and rate rebates , and rent allowances .

This means not only spending substantially larger amounts of money but also providing the administrative framework for ensuring such policies are pursued uniformly and consistently .
this means not only spending substantially larger amounts of money but also [giving] the administrative framework for ensuring such policies are pursued uniformly and consistently .

Governments anxious to reduce socio-economic differences in mortality rates among children have therefore to tackle the problems of housing and urban decay , as well as providing better health services to such families .
governments anxious to reduce socio-economic differences in mortality rates among children have therefore to tackle the problems of housing and urban decay , as well as [giving] better health services to such families .

Bowles and Gintis criticise the human capital theory as providing ‘ a good ideology for the status quo ’ and for the fact that ‘ the contribution of schooling to growth over the last half century may on balance have been negative .
bowles and gintis criticise the human capital theory as [giving] ‘ a good ideology for the status quo ’ and for the fact that ‘ the contribution of schooling to growth over the last half century may on balance have been negative .

They also provide evidence of the various sources of income of the strikers : spouses ' job and savings were the two most important sources ; tax rebates were an important source for both strikes , but supplementary benefit was insignificant for one strike because of their union 's practice of providing strike pay .
they also provide evidence of the various sources of income of the strikers : spouses ' job and savings were the two most important sources ; tax rebates were an important source for both strikes , but supplementary benefit was insignificant for one strike because of their union 's practice of [giving] strike pay .

During the 1980s , the group providing most of the applications for judicial review were immigrants .
during the 1980s , the group [giving] most of the applications for judicial review were immigrants .

Tender green beans grow in soil which could be better employed providing food for Kenya 's peasants .
tender green beans grow in soil which could be better employed [giving] food for kenya 's peasants .

Another difficulty has been that such councils are attuned to providing finance for the creation of specific works , while the need for support in popular music is not at the point of creation , but for help in reaching audiences .
another difficulty has been that such councils are attuned to [giving] finance for the creation of specific works , while the need for support in popular music is not at the point of creation , but for help in reaching audiences .

In the late 1930s there were around 200 holiday camps , capable of taking 30,000 campers a week and often providing ‘ earnest all-in facilities ’ in the mould of the Holiday Fellowship .
in the late 1930s there were around 200 holiday camps , capable of taking 30,000 campers a week and often [giving] ‘ earnest all-in facilities ’ in the mould of the holiday fellowship .

The Redcoats ruled the roost in the world of the British holiday for many years , providing an apprenticeship for Roy Hudd , and a host of other showbiz dreamers .
the redcoats ruled the roost in the world of the british holiday for many years , [giving] an apprenticeship for roy hudd , and a host of other showbiz dreamers .

For some the Second World War was a time of extensive travel with tours of duty in , for example , North America or India presenting novel opportunities and providing the determination and individual confidence to repeat the experience in peace-time .
for some the second world war was a time of extensive travel with tours of duty in , for example , north america or india presenting novel opportunities and [giving] the determination and individual confidence to repeat the experience in peace-time .

The picture which emerges from research , from that of Dorothy Wedderburn in the 1960s to that of Sara Arber and her colleagues in the 1980s , on the relationship between pensioners and younger relatives , friends and neighbours , is not one of simple dependency of the old upon the young , but of an exchange relationship to which both sides contribute which shifts only gradually over time towards the younger participants being the predominant givers ( Cole and Utting , 1962 ; Gilbert et al. , 1989 ; Evandrou et al. , 1986 ) providing a significant volume of services which would otherwise be a costly burden on the state .
the picture which emerges from research , from that of dorothy wedderburn in the 1960s to that of sara arber and her colleagues in the 1980s , on the relationship between pensioners and younger relatives , friends and neighbours , is not one of simple dependency of the old upon the young , but of an exchange relationship to which both sides contribute which shifts only gradually over time towards the younger participants being the predominant givers ( cole and utting , 1962 ; gilbert et al. , 1989 ; evandrou et al. , 1986 ) [giving] a significant volume of services which would otherwise be a costly burden on the state .

Firstly , in a society which is consumer-orientated and largely sympathetic to the provision of welfare services , a considerable proportion of both private and public investment is geared to providing goods and services to people within fairly easy reach of their homes .
firstly , in a society which is consumer-orientated and largely sympathetic to the provision of welfare services , a considerable proportion of both private and public investment is geared to [giving] goods and services to people within fairly easy reach of their homes .

Moreover , it has the advantage of providing data down to the level of the individual enumeration district covering roughly 500 inhabitants , which , even if too small for certain purposes , can be treated as a building block for areas specially defined by the user ( Rhind , 1983 ) .
moreover , it has the advantage of [giving] data down to the level of the individual enumeration district covering roughly 500 inhabitants , which , even if too small for certain purposes , can be treated as a building block for areas specially defined by the user ( rhind , 1983 ) .

The key principle underlying the assessment of Grant Related Expenditure is to combine estimates of the basic unit cost of providing a service , as judged by Central Government , with estimates of the basic need for the service , which might be the population requiring the service or the physical requirements , such as road mileages or numbers of dwellings .
the key principle underlying the assessment of grant related expenditure is to combine estimates of the basic unit cost of [giving] a service , as judged by central government , with estimates of the basic need for the service , which might be the population requiring the service or the physical requirements , such as road mileages or numbers of dwellings .

The London Boroughs derive considerable extra assessed needs from their higher population densities , particularly when the figures are made more nearly comparable ( those in parentheses ) ; moreover , density is used in several of the other expenditure needs assessments and is probably one of the major factors in providing the higher assessed needs for London , especially Inner London , in comparison with other major Metropolitan Districts .
the london boroughs derive considerable extra assessed needs from their higher population densities , particularly when the figures are made more nearly comparable ( those in parentheses ) ; moreover , density is used in several of the other expenditure needs assessments and is probably one of the major factors in [giving] the higher assessed needs for london , especially inner london , in comparison with other major metropolitan districts .

The fashionable discussion of incentives usually overlooks what may be one of the more potent of the disincentives operating on the productivity of the British labour force : the anticipation of domesticity , discouraging young women from seeking training and employers and educational institutions from providing it , even to women who do not take on a family or a traditional role within one .
the fashionable discussion of incentives usually overlooks what may be one of the more potent of the disincentives operating on the productivity of the british labour force : the anticipation of domesticity , discouraging young women from seeking training and employers and educational institutions from [giving] it , even to women who do not take on a family or a traditional role within one .

The major proposals for a settlement were , first , the adoption of a draft Constitution , including a declaration of rights providing a reasonable guarantee for personal liberty .
the major proposals for a settlement were , first , the adoption of a draft constitution , including a declaration of rights [giving] a reasonable guarantee for personal liberty .

It was this factor , more than any other , that created the controversial behaviour of a number of government ministers who contrived , when in need of treatment , to procure what were called ‘ amenity beds ’ in single rooms off the wards , but providing identical benefits to those found in the private wards .
it was this factor , more than any other , that created the controversial behaviour of a number of government ministers who contrived , when in need of treatment , to procure what were called ‘ amenity beds ’ in single rooms off the wards , but [giving] identical benefits to those found in the private wards .

Dressed in flowing trousers and a tunic of billowing rose — they let her have clothes , now , providing she chose them herself by drawing what it was she wanted — she spent hours sitting at the table in the artificial sun over the balcony , the day 's book-cube dangling forgotten from her fingers .
dressed in flowing trousers and a tunic of billowing rose — they let her have clothes , now , [giving] she chose them herself by drawing what it was she wanted — she spent hours sitting at the table in the artificial sun over the balcony , the day 's book-cube dangling forgotten from her fingers .

They therefore attracted labour without any hindrance , providing jerry-built , damp and insanitary hovels for letting to local farm workers .
they therefore attracted labour without any hindrance , [giving] jerry-built , damp and insanitary hovels for letting to local farm workers .

Farm workers could instead be housed in tied cottages which had other advantages in addition to providing suitable accommodation , not least of which were the convenience of having workers on call , the greater stability tied housing conferred on the labour force , and the reinforcement of ties of dependency .
farm workers could instead be housed in tied cottages which had other advantages in addition to [giving] suitable accommodation , not least of which were the convenience of having workers on call , the greater stability tied housing conferred on the labour force , and the reinforcement of ties of dependency .

Yet the full cost of providing just piped water , electricity and sewerage , let alone the range of other amenities expected by the modern rural population can be staggering .
yet the full cost of [giving] just piped water , electricity and sewerage , let alone the range of other amenities expected by the modern rural population can be staggering .

The village shopkeeper , faced with a dwindling trade , must either raise his prices or switch to providing a more specialized service for the commuters and second home owners .
the village shopkeeper , faced with a dwindling trade , must either raise his prices or switch to [giving] a more specialized service for the commuters and second home owners .

Yet the housing department had no strategy for providing the accommodation required to enable people to use ‘ life skills ’ by living independently .
yet the housing department had no strategy for [giving] the accommodation required to enable people to use ‘ life skills ’ by living independently .

Housing departments commonly complained that SSDs were not playing their full part in offering technical advice on adaptations , or in providing personal assistance support within the home .
housing departments commonly complained that ssds were not playing their full part in offering technical advice on adaptations , or in [giving] personal assistance support within the home .

The majority of authorities relied on ad hoc arrangements when providing personal assistance , mainly consisting of utilising the home care service .
the majority of authorities relied on ad hoc arrangements when [giving] personal assistance , mainly consisting of utilising the home care service .

Deaf people are therefore reduced to providing accounts of personal experience of deafness , which fall upon deaf minds supported by the old adage that experience is subjective and can therefore be dismissed .
deaf people are therefore reduced to [giving] accounts of personal experience of deafness , which fall upon deaf minds supported by the old adage that experience is subjective and can therefore be dismissed .

This paper has highlighted some of the main difficulties associated with user participation and control in a day-centre system providing social and rehabilitative facilities within an explicitly voluntarist framework .
this paper has highlighted some of the main difficulties associated with user participation and control in a day-centre system [giving] social and rehabilitative facilities within an explicitly voluntarist framework .

That night , as often when she put Josh to bed , Clare held the most precious thing in her world close to her heart and felt guilty and ashamed that she was n't providing him with the things she thought she should .
that night , as often when she put josh to bed , clare held the most precious thing in her world close to her heart and felt guilty and ashamed that she was n't [giving] him with the things she thought she should .

Round-the-clock nursing , such as Elinor is getting here , would mean overseeing four nurses , organizing their schedules , plus providing meals , transport and the rest of it .
round-the-clock nursing , such as elinor is getting here , would mean overseeing four nurses , organizing their schedules , plus [giving] meals , transport and the rest of it .

Needless to say , a full-scale review of the moral justification of private property will not be undertaken , but enough will be said to indicate that there are substantial difficulties in the way of providing a satisfactory justification of corporate power by reference to the shareholders ' supposed moral ownership rights .
needless to say , a full-scale review of the moral justification of private property will not be undertaken , but enough will be said to indicate that there are substantial difficulties in the way of [giving] a satisfactory justification of corporate power by reference to the shareholders ' supposed moral ownership rights .

Furthermore , since the board is dominated by the most senior representatives of management ( this term will be used , except where the context requires otherwise , to refer to the executive directors and senior managers ) it can hardly be regarded as a body providing independent supervision of management on the shareholders ' behalf .
furthermore , since the board is dominated by the most senior representatives of management ( this term will be used , except where the context requires otherwise , to refer to the executive directors and senior managers ) it can hardly be regarded as a body [giving] independent supervision of management on the shareholders ' behalf .

It is suggested that the controls constitute a necessary conceptual framework , and presumably have some practical impact on behaviour by providing a normative code for the guidance of management and a public standard for the evaluation of their conduct by others , but that as an enforceable control mechanism their effectiveness is very limited .
it is suggested that the controls constitute a necessary conceptual framework , and presumably have some practical impact on behaviour by [giving] a normative code for the guidance of management and a public standard for the evaluation of their conduct by others , but that as an enforceable control mechanism their effectiveness is very limited .

It should , however , be the responsibility of the directors to ensure that systems exist for confirming that decision makers possess appropriate skills and for providing adequate performance monitoring .
it should , however , be the responsibility of the directors to ensure that systems exist for confirming that decision makers possess appropriate skills and for [giving] adequate performance monitoring .

Product market signals can , however , be amplified by linking management remuneration to company performance , and thus while the market may be largely ineffective in so far as it offers threats , it can be made to function better by providing incentives .
product market signals can , however , be amplified by linking management remuneration to company performance , and thus while the market may be largely ineffective in so far as it offers threats , it can be made to function better by [giving] incentives .

However , allowing for additions by providing areas that are logically extensions of the prime data tracks , rather than just physically , has made it necessary to double the size of the lowest-level index , with separate entries for records on the prime data and overflow tracks .
however , allowing for additions by [giving] areas that are logically extensions of the prime data tracks , rather than just physically , has made it necessary to double the size of the lowest-level index , with separate entries for records on the prime data and overflow tracks .

These three examples show the wide range of conditions that will have to be handled in providing far additions .
these three examples show the wide range of conditions that will have to be handled in [giving] far additions .

This is typical , and should he borne in mind before abandoning single-key reference , which usually involves an overhead of only 5 — 20 per cent in providing the facilities offered by indexed sequential or direct organizations .
this is typical , and should he borne in mind before abandoning single-key reference , which usually involves an overhead of only 5 — 20 per cent in [giving] the facilities offered by indexed sequential or direct organizations .

The generator revved up and down , providing power to the automatic launcher ; it had some sort of randomly set variation built into where it was aiming because the clays came out at a different angle and heading each time .
the generator revved up and down , [giving] power to the automatic launcher ; it had some sort of randomly set variation built into where it was aiming because the clays came out at a different angle and heading each time .

Such a definition does not , however , bridge the gap between Britain and the rest of the world by providing us with a substitute for a documentary constitution : it simply shifts the ground , by using the word in an entirely different way .
such a definition does not , however , bridge the gap between britain and the rest of the world by [giving] us with a substitute for a documentary constitution : it simply shifts the ground , by using the word in an entirely different way .

Once this occurs the democratic process can have an important function in failing to legitimize the state , and in providing justification for a rejection by groups of subjects not only of particular governments , but of more general constitutional arrangements .
once this occurs the democratic process can have an important function in failing to legitimize the state , and in [giving] justification for a rejection by groups of subjects not only of particular governments , but of more general constitutional arrangements .

The rule of recognition providing the criteria by which the validity of other rules of the system is assessed is in an important sense , which we shall try to clarify , an ultimate rule : and where , as is usual , there are several criteria ranked in order of relative subordination and primacy one of them is supreme …
the rule of recognition [giving] the criteria by which the validity of other rules of the system is assessed is in an important sense , which we shall try to clarify , an ultimate rule : and where , as is usual , there are several criteria ranked in order of relative subordination and primacy one of them is supreme …

Diocesan or regional music festivals are valuable in helping churches find the right musical level and in providing opportunities for cathedral and parochial musicians to work together .
diocesan or regional music festivals are valuable in helping churches find the right musical level and in [giving] opportunities for cathedral and parochial musicians to work together .

An invitation to sing in the cathedral encourages parishes to see it not only as providing expertise but also as receiving what other musicians can provide .
an invitation to sing in the cathedral encourages parishes to see it not only as [giving] expertise but also as receiving what other musicians can provide .

With the solo use of its stops , it can also offer light-weight , high delicate playing of running scales or arpeggios in a detached style , with other instruments providing sustained harmony .
with the solo use of its stops , it can also offer light-weight , high delicate playing of running scales or arpeggios in a detached style , with other instruments [giving] sustained harmony .

It can be particularly effective in providing an instrumental background to the spoken word , in drama , readings or prayers .
it can be particularly effective in [giving] an instrumental background to the spoken word , in drama , readings or prayers .

They can also convey an intimacy in providing gentle , ‘ finger-picking ’ backing for soft or solo singing and playing , inducing a mood of vulnerability or timelessness .
they can also convey an intimacy in [giving] gentle , ‘ finger-picking ’ backing for soft or solo singing and playing , inducing a mood of vulnerability or timelessness .

Some composers have written eucharistic settings in traditional vein providing for the needs of choirs with limited resources and expertise .
some composers have written eucharistic settings in traditional vein [giving] for the needs of choirs with limited resources and expertise .

It has the responsibility of offering regular worship which is accessible to everyone in the land , in addition to providing for great local and national occasions , which it generally does well .
it has the responsibility of offering regular worship which is accessible to everyone in the land , in addition to [giving] for great local and national occasions , which it generally does well .

Far from taking this supply of trained musicians for granted , the local church should be providing its own kind of expertise to complement and augment that which comes from the schools .
far from taking this supply of trained musicians for granted , the local church should be [giving] its own kind of expertise to complement and augment that which comes from the schools .

Without in any way discouraging them , they may need advice on providing music for worship which is acceptable to the many different people in a congregation .
without in any way discouraging them , they may need advice on [giving] music for worship which is acceptable to the many different people in a congregation .

In January 1967 , Sukarno offered to go into exile providing he could retain his office .
in january 1967 , sukarno offered to go into exile [giving] he could retain his office .

This section of the labour market is also virtually non-unionized , providing for almost no representation on pay and working conditions , or health and safety regulations .
this section of the labour market is also virtually non-unionized , [giving] for almost no representation on pay and working conditions , or health and safety regulations .

Not surprisingly , the state has also interested itself in providing additional pension coverage .
not surprisingly , the state has also interested itself in [giving] additional pension coverage .

Another way of attracting more customers — apart from providing a better day-to-day service — would be to offer a higher , or different range of benefits on top of the national insurance benefits .
another way of attracting more customers — apart from [giving] a better day-to-day service — would be to offer a higher , or different range of benefits on top of the national insurance benefits .

This rule needs to be changed , so as to allow the unemployed to draw benefit as long as unemployment lasts , providing that claimants have not refused jobs they were offered without good cause , and are prepared to go on training schemes .
this rule needs to be changed , so as to allow the unemployed to draw benefit as long as unemployment lasts , [giving] that claimants have not refused jobs they were offered without good cause , and are prepared to go on training schemes .

The years that immediately follow the end of compulsory schooling can often be seen as a foundation stage providing a relatively broad base for work in a particular occupation ( as do many craft and technician courses ) or for more advanced studies in a specialized field .
the years that immediately follow the end of compulsory schooling can often be seen as a foundation stage [giving] a relatively broad base for work in a particular occupation ( as do many craft and technician courses ) or for more advanced studies in a specialized field .

The boundaries have changed markedly from a close affinity with physical science ( providing an understanding of theory and explanation ) to a close affinity with engineering ( knowing what , and how , specifying , designing solutions to specific technical problems , and technology ) . ( Metallurgy and Materials Engineering )
the boundaries have changed markedly from a close affinity with physical science ( [giving] an understanding of theory and explanation ) to a close affinity with engineering ( knowing what , and how , specifying , designing solutions to specific technical problems , and technology ) . ( metallurgy and materials engineering )

Trow ( 1974 , p. 6.3 ) has distinguished between elite and mass systems of higher education and argues that ‘ Countries that develop a system of elite higher education in modern times seem able to expand it without changing its character in fundamental ways until it is providing places for about 15 % of the age grade .
trow ( 1974 , p. 6.3 ) has distinguished between elite and mass systems of higher education and argues that ‘ countries that develop a system of elite higher education in modern times seem able to expand it without changing its character in fundamental ways until it is [giving] places for about 15 % of the age grade .

The smaller staff allowed them to move their headquarters to a building half the size , thus providing one more visual symbol of the change in the organizational culture .
the smaller staff allowed them to move their headquarters to a building half the size , thus [giving] one more visual symbol of the change in the organizational culture .

Against either form of determinism one might instead want to argue that contingencies and institutions should be seen as providing the arena in which power-players will seek to utilize whatever resources are available in constructing local organizational practice , shaped to whatever mode of rationality , against the last of organizational imperatives .
against either form of determinism one might instead want to argue that contingencies and institutions should be seen as [giving] the arena in which power-players will seek to utilize whatever resources are available in constructing local organizational practice , shaped to whatever mode of rationality , against the last of organizational imperatives .

These specially created ideologies more often than not give the believer a clear place in the scheme of things , by providing a definite identity .
these specially created ideologies more often than not give the believer a clear place in the scheme of things , by [giving] a definite identity .

As pan of its side of the deal , the senior branch allows the fun to continue ; it aids the YCs in material ways , by providing premises , helping with the occasional financial loan and generally keeping a benign eye on things .
as pan of its side of the deal , the senior branch allows the fun to continue ; it aids the ycs in material ways , by [giving] premises , helping with the occasional financial loan and generally keeping a benign eye on things .

Tourists , all male , flock across the border ‘ to sleep with black women ’ , thereby providing a ‘ major source of income ’ to the Lesothan exchequer .
tourists , all male , flock across the border ‘ to sleep with black women ’ , thereby [giving] a ‘ major source of income ’ to the lesothan exchequer .

The World Bank is at hand , providing ‘ handouts ’ for all manner of necessary projects .
the world bank is at hand , [giving] ‘ handouts ’ for all manner of necessary projects .

Cognitive psychologists have also shown how belief in an overarching conspiracy can organize an individual 's perception of the social world by providing an integrated and self-sustaining system of explanation .
cognitive psychologists have also shown how belief in an overarching conspiracy can organize an individual 's perception of the social world by [giving] an integrated and self-sustaining system of explanation .

The Companies Act 1989 attempts to remove the need for these lengthy clauses by providing that a company 's objects may be stated in any manner .
the companies act 1989 attempts to remove the need for these lengthy clauses by [giving] that a company 's objects may be stated in any manner .

For the purposes of the present work , there will be an emphasis on structural differentiation and the availability of industrial products to the mass population , providing a material rather than an evolutionary legitimation for the exclusion , with respect to issues thought to be specific to modernity , of countries without monetary wealth or the necessary degree of equitable distribution .
for the purposes of the present work , there will be an emphasis on structural differentiation and the availability of industrial products to the mass population , [giving] a material rather than an evolutionary legitimation for the exclusion , with respect to issues thought to be specific to modernity , of countries without monetary wealth or the necessary degree of equitable distribution .

The prospect of providing variety can not be dissociated from a sense of swamping the subject in its alternatives .
the prospect of [giving] variety can not be dissociated from a sense of swamping the subject in its alternatives .

These issues in turn relate back to the process of socialization , which , towards the end of the chapter , will be considered from a more general anthropological perspective , providing a bridge with the concerns of chapter 7 .
these issues in turn relate back to the process of socialization , which , towards the end of the chapter , will be considered from a more general anthropological perspective , [giving] a bridge with the concerns of chapter 7 .

There are also parallel assumptions concerning the rationality of the actual , which underlies an essential teleology , providing the context within which this developmental process occurs .
there are also parallel assumptions concerning the rationality of the actual , which underlies an essential teleology , [giving] the context within which this developmental process occurs .

This is a felicitous choice , since it serves the dual purpose of examining design at the same time as providing a basis for a definition of art , from which it is distinguished .
this is a felicitous choice , since it serves the dual purpose of examining design at the same time as [giving] a basis for a definition of art , from which it is distinguished .

Quite often these are object cues , such as the theatre or church , which signify more general categories such as drama or religion , thereby providing an appropriate setting for particular attitudes and kinds of behaviour .
quite often these are object cues , such as the theatre or church , which signify more general categories such as drama or religion , thereby [giving] an appropriate setting for particular attitudes and kinds of behaviour .

Recent social theory has emphasized the variety of interpretations to which texts may be subject , with linguistic texts , as usual , providing the dominant models .
recent social theory has emphasized the variety of interpretations to which texts may be subject , with linguistic texts , as usual , [giving] the dominant models .

This significatory potential of the object was seen as being affirmed by archaeology , which produced a sequence from the early stone age to the iron age and beyond , providing a temporal foundation for these assertions of social evolution ( Lowrie 1937 : 22 ) .
this significatory potential of the object was seen as being affirmed by archaeology , which produced a sequence from the early stone age to the iron age and beyond , [giving] a temporal foundation for these assertions of social evolution ( lowrie 1937 : 22 ) .

The interplay between these sequences and the tendency either to see representational figures in pattern , or alternatively to repeat representational figures in such a way that they reduce to pattern , was held by Boas to be the foundation of art and design , providing the basic dimensions which united the diverse media of craft production , music , dance and poetry .
the interplay between these sequences and the tendency either to see representational figures in pattern , or alternatively to repeat representational figures in such a way that they reduce to pattern , was held by boas to be the foundation of art and design , [giving] the basic dimensions which united the diverse media of craft production , music , dance and poetry .

In short , these anthropologists tend towards several of the dualisms which the concept of objectification has been used to oppose , while nevertheless providing important assertions and exemplifications of the process of consumption as culture .
in short , these anthropologists tend towards several of the dualisms which the concept of objectification has been used to oppose , while nevertheless [giving] important assertions and exemplifications of the process of consumption as culture .

One of the results of the quantitative increase in material culture , providing new domains of representation all working in particular ways , is to complicate further the problem of what may be termed material ideology .
one of the results of the quantitative increase in material culture , [giving] new domains of representation all working in particular ways , is to complicate further the problem of what may be termed material ideology .

This world system and its evolution are seen as providing a historical framework , an account of world history .
this world system and its evolution are seen as [giving] a historical framework , an account of world history .

To facilitate coordination of plans and resources by : ( a ) allocating the financial resources between departments ; ( b ) assisting in the implementation of capital schemes ; ( c ) providing a basis for forecasting capital cash flows and financial requirements ; ( d ) providing a basis for forecasting revenue implications ; ( e ) providing a basis for budgetary control of outturn against forecast ; ( f ) to satisfy government control requirements .
to facilitate coordination of plans and resources by : ( a ) allocating the financial resources between departments ; ( b ) assisting in the implementation of capital schemes ; ( c ) [giving] a basis for forecasting capital cash flows and financial requirements ; ( d ) [giving] a basis for forecasting revenue implications ; ( e ) [giving] a basis for budgetary control of outturn against forecast ; ( f ) to satisfy government control requirements .

These are to : — demonstrate achievement of results by comparing performance data to standards , targets and goals ; — plan operations and budget resource requirements by providing data for comparing present and proposed methods and procedures ; — provide a rational basis for pricing goods and services ( when charges are made ) ; — make trade-off decisions between efficiency and the level of service ; and — indicate to employees and supervisors what results are expected .
these are to : — demonstrate achievement of results by comparing performance data to standards , targets and goals ; — plan operations and budget resource requirements by [giving] data for comparing present and proposed methods and procedures ; — provide a rational basis for pricing goods and services ( when charges are made ) ; — make trade-off decisions between efficiency and the level of service ; and — indicate to employees and supervisors what results are expected .

It stresses inputs rather than outputs by providing data on what government consumes instead of data about what government does or the purposes for which money is spent .
it stresses inputs rather than outputs by [giving] data on what government consumes instead of data about what government does or the purposes for which money is spent .

We begin this section by providing a brief introduction to its calculation in the private sector , as this complements our discussion in the previous section and is a useful preface to considering what is an appropriate rate for public sector investment opportunities .
we begin this section by [giving] a brief introduction to its calculation in the private sector , as this complements our discussion in the previous section and is a useful preface to considering what is an appropriate rate for public sector investment opportunities .

since the benefits can not be valued , it is still useful to compare the costs of providing the same benefit in different ways .
since the benefits can not be valued , it is still useful to compare the costs of [giving] the same benefit in different ways .

The legislation said nothing about effectiveness and did not define the term efficiency , thereby providing a source of some confusion and debate ( Glynn , 1987 ) .
the legislation said nothing about effectiveness and did not define the term efficiency , thereby [giving] a source of some confusion and debate ( glynn , 1987 ) .

working papers not providing adequate documentation on the scope and quality of the audits in a manner necessary for audit management and ;
working papers not [giving] adequate documentation on the scope and quality of the audits in a manner necessary for audit management and ;

the document is also known as the ‘ Red Book ’ and supplements the Chancellor 's speech in the House of Commons , providing much more detailed background information .
the document is also known as the ‘ red book ’ and supplements the chancellor 's speech in the house of commons , [giving] much more detailed background information .

providing incentives to managers to pursue competition ;
[giving] incentives to managers to pursue competition ;

encouraging the private sector to identify further opportunities for providing public services under contract .
encouraging the private sector to identify further opportunities for [giving] public services under contract .

They make the organizational labyrinth less treacherous , make it easier to find the other team members , help groom the baton before passing it along , assist management by providing them with mature ideas for review and generally increase the odds of getting a hearing for ideas within the organization .
they make the organizational labyrinth less treacherous , make it easier to find the other team members , help groom the baton before passing it along , assist management by [giving] them with mature ideas for review and generally increase the odds of getting a hearing for ideas within the organization .

First , by borrowing the Big Ideas and process technology that come from the United States and providing the hardworking , low-paid workers , developing nations can achieve competitive advantage .
first , by borrowing the big ideas and process technology that come from the united states and [giving] the hardworking , low-paid workers , developing nations can achieve competitive advantage .

For example , whereas land rights were inherited through the mother in the matrilineal systems a father could leave economic trees to his sons , thereby providing them with a small independent base .
for example , whereas land rights were inherited through the mother in the matrilineal systems a father could leave economic trees to his sons , thereby [giving] them with a small independent base .

Land tenure systems , and the arrangements for land transfer , are thus cultural creations , which enable life to continue ( providing opportunities ) and yet constrain changes .
land tenure systems , and the arrangements for land transfer , are thus cultural creations , which enable life to continue ( [giving] opportunities ) and yet constrain changes .

Further , such occupational communities ‘ tend to be relatively self-enclosed , and to be the reference group for those who belong , setting standards of behaviour and providing its own system of internal differentiation ’ . Such communities are characterized as wholes , in which ( pp. 87–8 )
further , such occupational communities ‘ tend to be relatively self-enclosed , and to be the reference group for those who belong , setting standards of behaviour and [giving] its own system of internal differentiation ’ . such communities are characterized as wholes , in which ( pp. 87–8 )

In general terms , these provided the main heartlands for the growth of the country 's Labour party , providing its earliest successes in both local government and the winning of Parliamentary seats .
in general terms , these provided the main heartlands for the growth of the country 's labour party , [giving] its earliest successes in both local government and the winning of parliamentary seats .

Such deviance tends to be unbounded in time , providing for a continuing relationship between enforcer and potential deviant , and the matter of blameworthiness is often questionable .
such deviance tends to be unbounded in time , [giving] for a continuing relationship between enforcer and potential deviant , and the matter of blameworthiness is often questionable .

Its central purpose , as the head of one the agencies put it , is ‘ to produce a river which is suitable for the uses which are needed downstream — providing a potable water supply , for fisheries , just amenity .
its central purpose , as the head of one the agencies put it , is ‘ to produce a river which is suitable for the uses which are needed downstream — [giving] a potable water supply , for fisheries , just amenity .

Similarly , the autonomy which for an agency is a problem of organizational control is for the enforcement agent a source of personal control , providing satisfaction and professional pride .
similarly , the autonomy which for an agency is a problem of organizational control is for the enforcement agent a source of personal control , [giving] satisfaction and professional pride .

Now that we have the outline of an approach to the study of the meanings of words , we can turn our attention to the task of providing a more exact characterisation of the linguistic units which will form the objects of our study .
now that we have the outline of an approach to the study of the meanings of words , we can turn our attention to the task of [giving] a more exact characterisation of the linguistic units which will form the objects of our study .

Entailment can occur between sentences differing only in respect of the lexical fillers of a particular syntactic slot even when the lexical items in question are not related by hyponymy . This introduces further complications into the task of providing a principled account of the relations between hyponymy and entailment ; 9 provides an example :
entailment can occur between sentences differing only in respect of the lexical fillers of a particular syntactic slot even when the lexical items in question are not related by hyponymy . this introduces further complications into the task of [giving] a principled account of the relations between hyponymy and entailment ; 9 provides an example :

So perhaps we need to be more concerned with providing the right environment and with removing constraints than with creating ‘ master plans ’ .
so perhaps we need to be more concerned with [giving] the right environment and with removing constraints than with creating ‘ master plans ’ .

Here too are the baths where the crippled are immersed , and a line of taps providing water from the source that Bernadette was told by the Virgin to drink from .
here too are the baths where the crippled are immersed , and a line of taps [giving] water from the source that bernadette was told by the virgin to drink from .

Like the multiculturalist project of reducing prejudice by teaching about other cultures , the antiracist project of providing superior explanations for unemployment , housing shortages , and so forth , has so far , and for similar reasons , produced only patchy evidence of success .
like the multiculturalist project of reducing prejudice by teaching about other cultures , the antiracist project of [giving] superior explanations for unemployment , housing shortages , and so forth , has so far , and for similar reasons , produced only patchy evidence of success .

This structure of feeling is produced by a particular rhetorical device , providing an image which resonates with an unstated discourse about ‘ waves of black immigration swamping the British way of life ’ — a theme which Thatcherism was in the process of popularizing at the time .
this structure of feeling is produced by a particular rhetorical device , [giving] an image which resonates with an unstated discourse about ‘ waves of black immigration swamping the british way of life ’ — a theme which thatcherism was in the process of popularizing at the time .

‘ ( 1 ) The cash equivalent of any benefit chargeable to tax under section 61 above is an amount equal to the cost of the benefit , less so much ( if any ) of it as is made good by the employee to those providing the benefit .
‘ ( 1 ) the cash equivalent of any benefit chargeable to tax under section 61 above is an amount equal to the cost of the benefit , less so much ( if any ) of it as is made good by the employee to those [giving] the benefit .

We were told that in the 1960s the revenue sought to tax such employees on that benefit on the basis of the average cost to the airline of providing a seat , not merely on the marginal cost .
we were told that in the 1960s the revenue sought to tax such employees on that benefit on the basis of the average cost to the airline of [giving] a seat , not merely on the marginal cost .

Therefore in practice from 1948 to 1975 the revenue did not seek to extract tax on the basis of the average cost to the employer of providing in-house benefits .
therefore in practice from 1948 to 1975 the revenue did not seek to extract tax on the basis of the average cost to the employer of [giving] in-house benefits .

2 ) Bill 1975 provided that the employee was to be treated , on receipt of a voucher , as having received an emolument from his employment of an amount ‘ equal to the expense incurred by the person providing the voucher in or in connection with the provision of the voucher and the money , goods or services for which it is capable of being exchanged .
2 ) bill 1975 provided that the employee was to be treated , on receipt of a voucher , as having received an emolument from his employment of an amount ‘ equal to the expense incurred by the person [giving] the voucher in or in connection with the provision of the voucher and the money , goods or services for which it is capable of being exchanged .

What we are withdrawing is the arm's-length valuation of benefit under clause 54 ( 4 ) where an employer is providing services to the employee at a cost which may be very little .
what we are withdrawing is the arm's-length valuation of benefit under clause 54 ( 4 ) where an employer is [giving] services to the employee at a cost which may be very little .

‘ The effect of deleting this subclause will be to continue the present basis of taxation of services , namely the cost to the employer of providing the service .
‘ the effect of deleting this subclause will be to continue the present basis of taxation of services , namely the cost to the employer of [giving] the service .

, on the cost to the employer of providing the benefit .
, on the cost to the employer of [giving] the benefit .

He explained that in each case ( including that of teachers ) the charge would be on the cost to the employer of providing the services and that in each case that cost would either be nil or very small .
he explained that in each case ( including that of teachers ) the charge would be on the cost to the employer of [giving] the services and that in each case that cost would either be nil or very small .

Therefore , it is said , one is looking for the actual cost of providing that benefit for the employee .
therefore , it is said , one is looking for the actual cost of [giving] that benefit for the employee .

The basic expense of providing and running the school would have been incurred in any event : therefore that expenditure is not caused by the provision of the benefit for the employee .
the basic expense of [giving] and running the school would have been incurred in any event : therefore that expenditure is not caused by the provision of the benefit for the employee .

Take a railway running at a loss : the average cost of providing concessionary travel would be a sum greater than the fare charged to the public .
take a railway running at a loss : the average cost of [giving] concessionary travel would be a sum greater than the fare charged to the public .

What is the cost of providing those facilities ?
what is the cost of [giving] those facilities ?

It must be the total cost of providing the school .
it must be the total cost of [giving] the school .

However the total cost of providing the school is incurred not only in connection with the provision of the benefit to the employee but also in providing the school with fee paying boys .
however the total cost of [giving] the school is incurred not only in connection with the provision of the benefit to the employee but also in [giving] the school with fee paying boys .

’ Therefore , says the revenue , the cost of the benefit is a proportion of the total cost of providing the services .
’ therefore , says the revenue , the cost of the benefit is a proportion of the total cost of [giving] the services .

The revenue has no answer to the anomalies which arise when the cost of providing a loss-making facility means that the average cost basis results in the taxpayer being treated as receiving a sum by way of benefit greater than the cost of buying that benefit on the open market .
the revenue has no answer to the anomalies which arise when the cost of [giving] a loss-making facility means that the average cost basis results in the taxpayer being treated as receiving a sum by way of benefit greater than the cost of buying that benefit on the open market .

The minister 's answer in Parliament that the cost to the airlines of providing concessionary travel for airline employees would be nothing was exactly what in practice had been happening under the old law .
the minister 's answer in parliament that the cost to the airlines of [giving] concessionary travel for airline employees would be nothing was exactly what in practice had been happening under the old law .

Therefore the relevant question is ‘ what is the expense incurred in or in connection with providing those facilities .
therefore the relevant question is ‘ what is the expense incurred in or in connection with [giving] those facilities .

’ On the literal meaning of the words , the expense to the school of providing those facilities is exactly the same for each boy in the school , i.e .
’ on the literal meaning of the words , the expense to the school of [giving] those facilities is exactly the same for each boy in the school , i.e .

Even if it could be said that , because the school would have incurred the basic expense of running the school in any event , such expense was not incurred ‘ in ’ providing the facilities for the taxpayer 's child , on the literal meaning of the words such expense was in any event incurred ‘ in connection with ’ the provision of such facilities .
even if it could be said that , because the school would have incurred the basic expense of running the school in any event , such expense was not incurred ‘ in ’ [giving] the facilities for the taxpayer 's child , on the literal meaning of the words such expense was in any event incurred ‘ in connection with ’ the provision of such facilities .

The scheme was ahead if its time in providing pensions for seamen and their widows as well as short term relief .
the scheme was ahead if its time in [giving] pensions for seamen and their widows as well as short term relief .

His father died when he was three years old , leaving his mother to support and bring up seven children , providing for her family by opening a greengrocer 's shop and later a modest boarding house .
his father died when he was three years old , leaving his mother to support and bring up seven children , [giving] for her family by opening a greengrocer 's shop and later a modest boarding house .

Others , although sympathetic , were hard put to explain his lack of caution in pursuing hopeless cases through the courts and providing the Federation with such ample material with which to plot his downfall .
others , although sympathetic , were hard put to explain his lack of caution in pursuing hopeless cases through the courts and [giving] the federation with such ample material with which to plot his downfall .

There were some minor successes in cases of illegal imprisonment of seamen , standards of accommodation for lascars and compensation for sickness and injury , but for the most part the Shipping Federation reigned supreme , `` by turns supercilious and vindictive `` , providing ample funds for blackleg labour and even , during the parliamentary session of 1906 during which the Merchant Shipping Bill was being considered `` turning a corner of the Committee Room into a private bureau of their own from whence they assiduously prompted and coached those shipowners in the Committee who were hostile to Mr. Lloyd George 's proposals `` .
there were some minor successes in cases of illegal imprisonment of seamen , standards of accommodation for lascars and compensation for sickness and injury , but for the most part the shipping federation reigned supreme , `` by turns supercilious and vindictive `` , [giving] ample funds for blackleg labour and even , during the parliamentary session of 1906 during which the merchant shipping bill was being considered `` turning a corner of the committee room into a private bureau of their own from whence they assiduously prompted and coached those shipowners in the committee who were hostile to mr. lloyd george 's proposals `` .

Following his experience of the 1880s , Wilson 's initial approach to the problem of foreign seamen was to regard them as a danger to his union , both in providing cheap labour and in posing a threat to its policy of restricting the manning of ships to its own members .
following his experience of the 1880s , wilson 's initial approach to the problem of foreign seamen was to regard them as a danger to his union , both in [giving] cheap labour and in posing a threat to its policy of restricting the manning of ships to its own members .

With respect to the first , we cited commentators who have argued that temporary jobs , by providing experience of recent working , increase an unemployed person 's competitiveness on the labour market .
with respect to the first , we cited commentators who have argued that temporary jobs , by [giving] experience of recent working , increase an unemployed person 's competitiveness on the labour market .

The very short duration of most of the `` events `` for which they are providing services , and the gaps which occur between these `` events `` , make it highly appropriate for such organizations to bring in labour on a casual basis .
the very short duration of most of the `` events `` for which they are [giving] services , and the gaps which occur between these `` events `` , make it highly appropriate for such organizations to bring in labour on a casual basis .

Our research here concentrated upon holiday camps , where most sites are open from May to September , providing a season lasting at least five months .
our research here concentrated upon holiday camps , where most sites are open from may to september , [giving] a season lasting at least five months .

Providing they have attained the relevant service , all employees regardless of the `` temporariness `` or `` permanence `` of their employment — are treated the same [ see Chapter 1 ] .
[giving] they have attained the relevant service , all employees regardless of the `` temporariness `` or `` permanence `` of their employment — are treated the same [ see chapter 1 ] .

The optimal technique was perceived by a majority of subjects as providing the best solution , this result being supported by the analysis of solutions actually obtained .
the optimal technique was perceived by a majority of subjects as [giving] the best solution , this result being supported by the analysis of solutions actually obtained .

The theory under development recognizes that major improvements can be achieved in the design process , by providing a greater understanding of the consequence of each proposed activity on the integrity of the design scheme .
the theory under development recognizes that major improvements can be achieved in the design process , by [giving] a greater understanding of the consequence of each proposed activity on the integrity of the design scheme .

Clash or interference in other regions can be identified as providing unspecified relationships which can be signalled as violations in the agreed design .
clash or interference in other regions can be identified as [giving] unspecified relationships which can be signalled as violations in the agreed design .

Spatial modelling can be considered as providing initially two levels of crude solid model ; the first being an orthogonal brick in the reference space and the second an orthogonal brick interpreted in the local coordinate system .
spatial modelling can be considered as [giving] initially two levels of crude solid model ; the first being an orthogonal brick in the reference space and the second an orthogonal brick interpreted in the local coordinate system .

Conversely , there are many cases where the computation times for surface and solid modelling are long , whilst providing the designer with no greater insight into the problem than the wireframe interpretation does .
conversely , there are many cases where the computation times for surface and solid modelling are long , whilst [giving] the designer with no greater insight into the problem than the wireframe interpretation does .

If additional data about the components is to be stored , such as the supply source , then an additional level must be included by providing a `` source `` file for each part ( see Figure 5.3 ) .
if additional data about the components is to be stored , such as the supply source , then an additional level must be included by [giving] a `` source `` file for each part ( see figure 5.3 ) .

Individual components are held on global `` where used `` files providing a linked network of information .
individual components are held on global `` where used `` files [giving] a linked network of information .

The menu will also contain functions providing the activities and constraints necessary to comply with the company 's codes of practice or `` house style `` .
the menu will also contain functions [giving] the activities and constraints necessary to comply with the company 's codes of practice or `` house style `` .

Let those providing the service achieve a meaningful motivation from the enthusiasm in depth that they can see being generated for it .
let those [giving] the service achieve a meaningful motivation from the enthusiasm in depth that they can see being generated for it .

In return for providing a protected home and transport , the flatworms receive some of this food .
in return for [giving] a protected home and transport , the flatworms receive some of this food .

If , however , the apparent consent is brought about by dishonesty , there is nothing in the words of section 1 ( 1 ) , or by reason of any implication that can properly be read into those words , to make such apparent consent relevant as providing a defence .
if , however , the apparent consent is brought about by dishonesty , there is nothing in the words of section 1 ( 1 ) , or by reason of any implication that can properly be read into those words , to make such apparent consent relevant as [giving] a defence .

It is true that Morris contains no disapproval or qualification of Lawrence , but , in my view , the main statements of principle in these cases can not possibly be reconciled and the later case therefore must not be regarded as providing any support for the earlier .
it is true that morris contains no disapproval or qualification of lawrence , but , in my view , the main statements of principle in these cases can not possibly be reconciled and the later case therefore must not be regarded as [giving] any support for the earlier .

Under conditions of binocular vision the two eyes do not contribute equally to providing a stable binocular percept .
under conditions of binocular vision the two eyes do not contribute equally to [giving] a stable binocular percept .

The eye providing the more stable percept is then , by definition , the dominant eye .
the eye [giving] the more stable percept is then , by definition , the dominant eye .

The effect of providing subjects with a verbal label for random forms was investigated by Hannay , Dee , Burns and Masek ( 1981 ) .
the effect of [giving] subjects with a verbal label for random forms was investigated by hannay , dee , burns and masek ( 1981 ) .

Any severely restricted diet , particularly one providing in the region of 400 calories a day , can be highly successful , particularly in the short term .
any severely restricted diet , particularly one [giving] in the region of 400 calories a day , can be highly successful , particularly in the short term .

To achieve this , we need to help you to do three things : to lose weight to eat a diet that is really healthy and nutritious , providing all the vitamins , minerals and protein you need to feel really well , having found a diet that suits you .
to achieve this , we need to help you to do three things : to lose weight to eat a diet that is really healthy and nutritious , [giving] all the vitamins , minerals and protein you need to feel really well , having found a diet that suits you .

Providing you stick to your diet , and do n't consume lost of extra calories , you get what is called calorie deficit .
[giving] you stick to your diet , and do n't consume lost of extra calories , you get what is called calorie deficit .

If , on the other hand , your exercises are insufficient to stimulate your limb and heart muscles , thus providing aerobic exercise , then you will be effectively wasting your time .
if , on the other hand , your exercises are insufficient to stimulate your limb and heart muscles , thus [giving] aerobic exercise , then you will be effectively wasting your time .

This too is a good way of providing learners with extended exposure to the target language with the support of the subtitles to help them keep pace with the plot .
this too is a good way of [giving] learners with extended exposure to the target language with the support of the subtitles to help them keep pace with the plot .

providing services — hotels
[giving] services — hotels

The aide-de-camp was quietly providing a running translation of the senator 's remarks and the governor looked up sharply at the mention of the word `` independence . ``
the aide-de-camp was quietly [giving] a running translation of the senator 's remarks and the governor looked up sharply at the mention of the word `` independence . ``

From inside the house the scratchy gramophone burble of `` Muskrat Ramble `` was providing an incongruous counterpoint to the screech of the wild birds wakening unseen in the roof of the surrounding jungle , and Duclos sighed and closed his eyes to concentrate better on the music .
from inside the house the scratchy gramophone burble of `` muskrat ramble `` was [giving] an incongruous counterpoint to the screech of the wild birds wakening unseen in the roof of the surrounding jungle , and duclos sighed and closed his eyes to concentrate better on the music .

The next points ( 16–20 ) expand upon the opening statement by providing explanation and illustrative detail .
the next points ( 16–20 ) expand upon the opening statement by [giving] explanation and illustrative detail .

It was written to help students interpret the results of their fieldwork by providing the essential background information .
it was written to help students interpret the results of their fieldwork by [giving] the essential background information .

Antenatal classes can be extremely helpful in explaining aspects of pregnancy , labour and birth ; and in providing useful exercises and advice , and practice in baby care ; and information on the type of pain relief available , what to ask for , and when .
antenatal classes can be extremely helpful in explaining aspects of pregnancy , labour and birth ; and in [giving] useful exercises and advice , and practice in baby care ; and information on the type of pain relief available , what to ask for , and when .

Providing your finger can penetrate the water 's surface for at least 3″ the water 's soft enough .
[giving] your finger can penetrate the water 's surface for at least 3″ the water 's soft enough .

Even large Apple Snails will not harm free-swimming fry , so Ampullaria may be used in fry tanks as scavengers , also providing some infusoria between meals .
even large apple snails will not harm free-swimming fry , so ampullaria may be used in fry tanks as scavengers , also [giving] some infusoria between meals .

Lionfish are the most gregarious of the large aquarium fish and respond well when kept in a small group , again providing an impressive display in a tank devoted to them exclusively
lionfish are the most gregarious of the large aquarium fish and respond well when kept in a small group , again [giving] an impressive display in a tank devoted to them exclusively

This is caused by release of carbon dioxide , which gases off providing there is good water turbulence such as might be provided by a waterfall or venturi .
this is caused by release of carbon dioxide , which gases off [giving] there is good water turbulence such as might be provided by a waterfall or venturi .

As with so many diseases and parasite problems , it can be disregarded providing new Koi introductions are properly quarantined .
as with so many diseases and parasite problems , it can be disregarded [giving] new koi introductions are properly quarantined .

Most of the summer pond problems are easily prevented providing you are aware of what causes the trouble , and how it can be overcome .
most of the summer pond problems are easily prevented [giving] you are aware of what causes the trouble , and how it can be overcome .

As Goshiki are grouped in the catch-all Kawarimono class at shows , the Koi buyer with limited funds has a good chance or rearing on a future champion , providing the fish has that certain something .
as goshiki are grouped in the catch-all kawarimono class at shows , the koi buyer with limited funds has a good chance or rearing on a future champion , [giving] the fish has that certain something .

All pipework is of the screw-fitting type and , providing you apply elbow grease , the unions are drip-free .
all pipework is of the screw-fitting type and , [giving] you apply elbow grease , the unions are drip-free .

The waterlily is obviously the centrepiece of any water garden , and providing the pond is in a sunny position and the plants are cared for properly , there is no reason why any waterlily will not perform well .
the waterlily is obviously the centrepiece of any water garden , and [giving] the pond is in a sunny position and the plants are cared for properly , there is no reason why any waterlily will not perform well .

The flats were super-insulated , central heating was installed and conservatory extensions , buffering the kitchens and bathrooms , providing desperately needed clothes drying space .
the flats were super-insulated , central heating was installed and conservatory extensions , buffering the kitchens and bathrooms , [giving] desperately needed clothes drying space .

Many agencies are helping to keep health personnel at their jobs by providing perks , such as cars , out-of-country work trips , and per diems for seminars .
many agencies are helping to keep health personnel at their jobs by [giving] perks , such as cars , out-of-country work trips , and per diems for seminars .

Whilst CBHPs ( the projects providing co-ordinating staff ) are externally funded , most community effort is self-reliant which shows a powerful commitment considering that the majority of people live below the poverty level .
whilst cbhps ( the projects [giving] co-ordinating staff ) are externally funded , most community effort is self-reliant which shows a powerful commitment considering that the majority of people live below the poverty level .

This distinction between the effort of the CBHPs and the effort of communities is a useful one in that CBHPs can not take upon themselves the role of providing what a national government can not or will not provide .
this distinction between the effort of the cbhps and the effort of communities is a useful one in that cbhps can not take upon themselves the role of [giving] what a national government can not or will not provide .

PHCNs in their role of providing clinical care at the clinics need to be clinically competent .
phcns in their role of [giving] clinical care at the clinics need to be clinically competent .

That the Court of Appeal possesses in particular circumstances the competence to set aside convictions ordered to be restored by the House of Lords is implicit in section 17 of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 , providing for referrals to the Court of Appeal by the Home Secretary .
that the court of appeal possesses in particular circumstances the competence to set aside convictions ordered to be restored by the house of lords is implicit in section 17 of the criminal appeal act 1968 , [giving] for referrals to the court of appeal by the home secretary .

Everything can be arranged — from constructing a professional-quality synthetic court , to providing top-name players like Roscoe Tanner , Veejay Armitraj and Ilie Nastase .
everything can be arranged — from constructing a professional-quality synthetic court , to [giving] top-name players like roscoe tanner , veejay armitraj and ilie nastase .

Richard Ayling , former Olympic rower , Assistant National and ARA-approved coach , is now a professional rowing consultant , providing a wide range of coaching services , from individual sculling tuition ( £15 per hour ) to organizing your regatta .
richard ayling , former olympic rower , assistant national and ara-approved coach , is now a professional rowing consultant , [giving] a wide range of coaching services , from individual sculling tuition ( £15 per hour ) to organizing your regatta .

In all previous stratification systems they have been able to divert blame from themselves for their lowly status by providing reasons for their failure .
in all previous stratification systems they have been able to divert blame from themselves for their lowly status by [giving] reasons for their failure .

The public sector can also legitimately support advanced technology by providing standards and testing laboratories .
the public sector can also legitimately support advanced technology by [giving] standards and testing laboratories .

For example , in many cases local companies providing scientific equipment and other services were able to benefit from reduced delivery costs , personal contacts and a more detailed knowledge of a facility 's needs .
for example , in many cases local companies [giving] scientific equipment and other services were able to benefit from reduced delivery costs , personal contacts and a more detailed knowledge of a facility 's needs .

New ways of working will take taxonomy into the fast lane , providing information on species , the components of biodiversity .
new ways of working will take taxonomy into the fast lane , [giving] information on species , the components of biodiversity .

The whole expense of maintaining a voluntary aided school is paid by the local education authority except for the expense of providing , altering and carrying out certain repairs to the school buildings which expense is borne by the governors : section 15 ( 3 ) and 114 ( 2 ) of the Education Act 1944 .
the whole expense of maintaining a voluntary aided school is paid by the local education authority except for the expense of [giving] , altering and carrying out certain repairs to the school buildings which expense is borne by the governors : section 15 ( 3 ) and 114 ( 2 ) of the education act 1944 .

That programme included the development of more accurate telescopes , together with auxiliary theories required for their use in astronomy such as those providing adequate means for allowing for refraction of light in the earth 's atmosphere .
that programme included the development of more accurate telescopes , together with auxiliary theories required for their use in astronomy such as those [giving] adequate means for allowing for refraction of light in the earth 's atmosphere .

This may involve using a field as a camping site , offering bed and breakfast or providing ‘ farm teas ’ .
this may involve using a field as a camping site , offering bed and breakfast or [giving] ‘ farm teas ’ .

The privately rented sector has traditionally been enumerated according to whether it is let furnished or unfurnished , with the latter usually providing somewhat greater security of tenure .
the privately rented sector has traditionally been enumerated according to whether it is let furnished or unfurnished , with the latter usually [giving] somewhat greater security of tenure .

They represent a potentially very important method of providing good rented or cheap owner-occupier housing in rural areas since they are an established medium for obtaining finance and for managing schemes .
they represent a potentially very important method of [giving] good rented or cheap owner-occupier housing in rural areas since they are an established medium for obtaining finance and for managing schemes .

However , since drivers ' wages are already being paid for full shifts , Dobbs ( 1979 ) argues that the extra costs of providing more off-peak buses on low demand routes is not very great .
however , since drivers ' wages are already being paid for full shifts , dobbs ( 1979 ) argues that the extra costs of [giving] more off-peak buses on low demand routes is not very great .

The range of attitudes is illustrated by strategies that state , at one extreme , that ‘ all people should be provided with access to public transport services for three return trips a day to the nearest market town , providing for a journey to work in the morning , a mid-day shopping journey and a journey home in the evening … ’ , and suggest , at the other extreme , that all ‘ deep ’ rural areas should have a public transport service to a local centre on at least two days a week or that all sizeable villages should be served by public transport on one day a week ( Adams et al .
the range of attitudes is illustrated by strategies that state , at one extreme , that ‘ all people should be provided with access to public transport services for three return trips a day to the nearest market town , [giving] for a journey to work in the morning , a mid-day shopping journey and a journey home in the evening … ’ , and suggest , at the other extreme , that all ‘ deep ’ rural areas should have a public transport service to a local centre on at least two days a week or that all sizeable villages should be served by public transport on one day a week ( adams et al .

Research in Norfolk revealed that the costs of providing electricity , water supply , telecommunications and education were up to 50 per cent higher in dispersed than in concentrated developments ( Shaw 1976 ; Moseley 1978 ) .
research in norfolk revealed that the costs of [giving] electricity , water supply , telecommunications and education were up to 50 per cent higher in dispersed than in concentrated developments ( shaw 1976 ; moseley 1978 ) .

He had just moved his Queen and two grand masters , providing a commentary for spectators , declared that Byrne had a won game .
he had just moved his queen and two grand masters , [giving] a commentary for spectators , declared that byrne had a won game .

Even so , honest advertisement of strength providing cues that can not be faked may count most in the long run .
even so , honest advertisement of strength [giving] cues that can not be faked may count most in the long run .

As Bachelard ( 1972 ) argued for the case of the natural sciences , general philosophical conceptions can often function as ‘ epistemological obstacles ’ , providing a simple and apparently clear answer where there should be a series of well-defined questions .
as bachelard ( 1972 ) argued for the case of the natural sciences , general philosophical conceptions can often function as ‘ epistemological obstacles ’ , [giving] a simple and apparently clear answer where there should be a series of well-defined questions .

The flow of funds from the personal sector to the financial institutions does not only represent workers providing for their retirement , but also represents the accumulation of wealth whereby socially privileged strata transmit their cultural patrimony ( e.g .
the flow of funds from the personal sector to the financial institutions does not only represent workers [giving] for their retirement , but also represents the accumulation of wealth whereby socially privileged strata transmit their cultural patrimony ( e.g .

Apart from public sector projects , the more difficult question of providing investment finds for private sector enterprises also arises .
apart from public sector projects , the more difficult question of [giving] investment finds for private sector enterprises also arises .

The government is experienced not merely as providing background amenities against which individuals pursue their choices , but as an external constraining and coercive organisation .
the government is experienced not merely as [giving] background amenities against which individuals pursue their choices , but as an external constraining and coercive organisation .

In this regard , it is relevant that the ‘ places ’ created by the expansion of non-manual/salaried employment were in many cases filled by the sons of manual wage workers , providing them with an avenue for social advancement , rather than , say , by more rapid breeding on the part of previously privileged strata .
in this regard , it is relevant that the ‘ places ’ created by the expansion of non-manual/salaried employment were in many cases filled by the sons of manual wage workers , [giving] them with an avenue for social advancement , rather than , say , by more rapid breeding on the part of previously privileged strata .

Gold was used not only for covering images but for such auxiliary but revealing purposes as providing members of the Holy Family and Saints with haloes , encircling the head in paint , mosaic or sheet metal .
gold was used not only for covering images but for such auxiliary but revealing purposes as [giving] members of the holy family and saints with haloes , encircling the head in paint , mosaic or sheet metal .

It is important in considering the possibility of a secure placement , that there is a clear view of the aims and objectives of such a placement and that those providing the accommodation can fully meet those aims and objectives .
it is important in considering the possibility of a secure placement , that there is a clear view of the aims and objectives of such a placement and that those [giving] the accommodation can fully meet those aims and objectives .

‘ The magistrates were under a duty to ensure that there was a clear view of the aims and objectives of a secure accommodation placement and that those providing the accommodation could fully meet those aims and objectives .
‘ the magistrates were under a duty to ensure that there was a clear view of the aims and objectives of a secure accommodation placement and that those [giving] the accommodation could fully meet those aims and objectives .

He rejected the idea of compulsorily alienating noble land , but tried to alleviate peasant land hunger by providing additional credit for peasants to buy land and by facilitating resettlement on vacant land in Siberia .
he rejected the idea of compulsorily alienating noble land , but tried to alleviate peasant land hunger by [giving] additional credit for peasants to buy land and by facilitating resettlement on vacant land in siberia .

Rather than providing a rounded history of the revolution , historians with libertarian sympathies have concentrated on various specific themes in the revolution .
rather than [giving] a rounded history of the revolution , historians with libertarian sympathies have concentrated on various specific themes in the revolution .

It created a wide divergence of attitude over a range of policy issues , generated acute mutual suspicion , and prevented either capital from providing a core around which the nation 's business community could coalesce .
it created a wide divergence of attitude over a range of policy issues , generated acute mutual suspicion , and prevented either capital from [giving] a core around which the nation 's business community could coalesce .

They had increasing difficulty in providing even tolerably competent candidates for the array of provincial posts reserved for them .
they had increasing difficulty in [giving] even tolerably competent candidates for the array of provincial posts reserved for them .

This has led to a crisis of legitimacy for the system : not only for the prisons ( whose claim to be providing effective rehabilitation was always shaky in many eyes ) but equally for other components of the penal system , notably the probation service which has for some years now been uncertain about what its proper rationale and direction should be .
this has led to a crisis of legitimacy for the system : not only for the prisons ( whose claim to be [giving] effective rehabilitation was always shaky in many eyes ) but equally for other components of the penal system , notably the probation service which has for some years now been uncertain about what its proper rationale and direction should be .

Reductivist theory ( at least in its utilitarian form ) has always found it difficult to encompass the notion of rights , even when it comes to providing entirely innocent people with a right not to be punished .
reductivist theory ( at least in its utilitarian form ) has always found it difficult to encompass the notion of rights , even when it comes to [giving] entirely innocent people with a right not to be punished .

In 1999 there were only 100 such hostels in England and Wales , providing 1,960 places .
in 1999 there were only 100 such hostels in england and wales , [giving] 1,960 places .

By providing sentencers with one set of criteria relating to the circumstances of the offence in question , and a different range of criteria taking into account relevant characteristics of the offender , the guide-lines operate rather in the manner of a road mileage chart , enabling the appropriate , or ‘ presumptive ’ , penalty to be simply ‘ read off ’ from the matrix supplied .
by [giving] sentencers with one set of criteria relating to the circumstances of the offence in question , and a different range of criteria taking into account relevant characteristics of the offender , the guide-lines operate rather in the manner of a road mileage chart , enabling the appropriate , or ‘ presumptive ’ , penalty to be simply ‘ read off ’ from the matrix supplied .

But one will have taken the first step , and the second and the third , towards providing readers with pleasant entertainment .
but one will have taken the first step , and the second and the third , towards [giving] readers with pleasant entertainment .

This is of great importance in providing a basis for the cultivation of cereals and the grazing of animals in an area where opportunities for agriculture are severely restricted .
this is of great importance in [giving] a basis for the cultivation of cereals and the grazing of animals in an area where opportunities for agriculture are severely restricted .

Hercegovina looks to the Adriatic , with the valley of the Neretva providing a route from the capital , Mostar , to the sea .
hercegovina looks to the adriatic , with the valley of the neretva [giving] a route from the capital , mostar , to the sea .

The two technical lieutenants who had been attached to Rostov 's staff were providing a running commentary for those who were not placed adjacent to a viewport .
the two technical lieutenants who had been attached to rostov 's staff were [giving] a running commentary for those who were not placed adjacent to a viewport .

Caterers from Lexington were providing a banquet , and the local bakery had designed a huge oval birthday cake .
caterers from lexington were [giving] a banquet , and the local bakery had designed a huge oval birthday cake .

The earlier years of the twentieth century saw a number of small experiments in combating unemployment by providing publicly subsidized work .
the earlier years of the twentieth century saw a number of small experiments in combating unemployment by [giving] publicly subsidized work .

The theory of representative government clearly requires that they be called the servants of the minister , providing information and evidence on policy alternatives but not taking policy decisions .
the theory of representative government clearly requires that they be called the servants of the minister , [giving] information and evidence on policy alternatives but not taking policy decisions .

Reference has already been made to parliamentary questions as providing an opportunity for back-bench scrutiny of government actions .
reference has already been made to parliamentary questions as [giving] an opportunity for back-bench scrutiny of government actions .

While the New Towns often built up relatively successful and prosperous new communities , they have done little to relieve the problems of the least privileged in the old communities from which they drew , and hence , while by providing for ‘ overspill ’ they have helped to solve some inner-city problems , they have exacerbated others .
while the new towns often built up relatively successful and prosperous new communities , they have done little to relieve the problems of the least privileged in the old communities from which they drew , and hence , while by [giving] for ‘ overspill ’ they have helped to solve some inner-city problems , they have exacerbated others .

In particular , an organization that is given a task that is controversial and unpopular in many quarters , such as an organization charged to promote racial and sexual equality or one providing help to a stigmatized group such as vagrant alcoholics , may find that it is given an unclear mandate and is placed in a position in which it finds it hard to acquire ‘ legitimacy ’ for its activities .
in particular , an organization that is given a task that is controversial and unpopular in many quarters , such as an organization charged to promote racial and sexual equality or one [giving] help to a stigmatized group such as vagrant alcoholics , may find that it is given an unclear mandate and is placed in a position in which it finds it hard to acquire ‘ legitimacy ’ for its activities .

Government is concerned with ‘ doing things to ’ , ‘ taking things from ’ , or ‘ providing things for ’ society , or for parts of it .
government is concerned with ‘ doing things to ’ , ‘ taking things from ’ , or ‘ [giving] things for ’ society , or for parts of it .

; by taking care directly of children who have no parents ; and by taking over the care of children whose parents are not providing properly for their physical and emotional well-being .
; by taking care directly of children who have no parents ; and by taking over the care of children whose parents are not [giving] properly for their physical and emotional well-being .

Education services , of course , are a vitally important aid to parents in providing schooling and ancillary services .
education services , of course , are a vitally important aid to parents in [giving] schooling and ancillary services .

Then , as section 2 of the 1980 Act , they have the duty , originally spelt out in section 1 of the 1948 Act , to receive a child into care where it appears that a child under 17 ‘ has neither parent nor guardian or is lost or that his parents or guardian are , for the time being or permanently , prevented by reason of mental or bodily disease or infirmity or other incapacity or any other circumstances from providing for his proper accommodation , maintenance and upbringing ; and in either case , that the intervention of the local authority under this section is necessary in the interests of the welfare of the child ’ .
then , as section 2 of the 1980 act , they have the duty , originally spelt out in section 1 of the 1948 act , to receive a child into care where it appears that a child under 17 ‘ has neither parent nor guardian or is lost or that his parents or guardian are , for the time being or permanently , prevented by reason of mental or bodily disease or infirmity or other incapacity or any other circumstances from [giving] for his proper accommodation , maintenance and upbringing ; and in either case , that the intervention of the local authority under this section is necessary in the interests of the welfare of the child ’ .

In cases where it proves very difficult to place a child , the reception centre might end by providing relatively long-term care , but this is not usual or desirable .
in cases where it proves very difficult to place a child , the reception centre might end by [giving] relatively long-term care , but this is not usual or desirable .

Apart from their major tasks of receiving children into care and providing substitute homes for them , local authority social services departments have various other responsibilities in the child care field .
apart from their major tasks of receiving children into care and [giving] substitute homes for them , local authority social services departments have various other responsibilities in the child care field .

At local level , voluntary welfare organizations , usually run on a diocesan basis , often act as agents for the local authority in providing facilities for the reception of unmarried mothers and some provide long-term accommodation for mothers and their growing children or general social work help as long as it is necessary .
at local level , voluntary welfare organizations , usually run on a diocesan basis , often act as agents for the local authority in [giving] facilities for the reception of unmarried mothers and some provide long-term accommodation for mothers and their growing children or general social work help as long as it is necessary .

It is considered better to work , over a period of time , with the family as well as the child , providing whatever support , training or care appear to be appropriate at different stages of development .
it is considered better to work , over a period of time , with the family as well as the child , [giving] whatever support , training or care appear to be appropriate at different stages of development .

If a child has committed an offence and the parents are not providing adequate care , protection and guidance , or the offence indicates the child is beyond parental control , then they can be brought before the court as in need of care , protection and control .
if a child has committed an offence and the parents are not [giving] adequate care , protection and guidance , or the offence indicates the child is beyond parental control , then they can be brought before the court as in need of care , protection and control .

Some attempts were made to provide specific aid with fuel costs by providing supplementary benefit recipients with a discount or rebate , but these were scrapped under the 1986 Social Security Act , so the problem remains a serious one for many elderly households .
some attempts were made to provide specific aid with fuel costs by [giving] supplementary benefit recipients with a discount or rebate , but these were scrapped under the 1986 social security act , so the problem remains a serious one for many elderly households .

Since April 1984 health authorities have been able to make continuing payments to local authorities providing social care , and to give grant aid to education and housing departments as well as social services and voluntary organizations .
since april 1984 health authorities have been able to make continuing payments to local authorities [giving] social care , and to give grant aid to education and housing departments as well as social services and voluntary organizations .

Meanwhile , within the special schools more thought is being given to providing a varied educational experience to meet the needs of pupils who might share a common handicap but whose aptitude , intelligence and aspirations vary widely .
meanwhile , within the special schools more thought is being given to [giving] a varied educational experience to meet the needs of pupils who might share a common handicap but whose aptitude , intelligence and aspirations vary widely .

They included : keeping registers ; providing help to the handicapped in overcoming the effects of their disabilities and obtaining any available general , preventive or remedial medical treatment necessary ; advice and guidance to handicapped persons on personal problems and also on any relevant statutory or voluntary social services ; encouragement of handicapped people to take part in social activities ; and arrangements for voluntary visitors .
they included : keeping registers ; [giving] help to the handicapped in overcoming the effects of their disabilities and obtaining any available general , preventive or remedial medical treatment necessary ; advice and guidance to handicapped persons on personal problems and also on any relevant statutory or voluntary social services ; encouragement of handicapped people to take part in social activities ; and arrangements for voluntary visitors .

Also , when families are providing care for a disabled relative they usually want to continue to do so if this is at all possible .
also , when families are [giving] care for a disabled relative they usually want to continue to do so if this is at all possible .

Local authorities have , therefore , begun to help the disabled in their own homes by providing meals services , domestic help and so on , and in some cases they make arrangements to take the disabled person on holiday to give the other members of the household a break , although all of these services are restricted by cash limitations on local authority expenditure .
local authorities have , therefore , begun to help the disabled in their own homes by [giving] meals services , domestic help and so on , and in some cases they make arrangements to take the disabled person on holiday to give the other members of the household a break , although all of these services are restricted by cash limitations on local authority expenditure .

If a child is born with some degree of mental impairment and has parents able to handle the situation calmly , without undue guilt or anxiety , creating a relaxed home atmosphere , encouraging the child 's full development however slow it is , making use of the best educational facilities available and providing a stable , reassuring , affectionate home , then such a child might well not be severely handicapped by the disability , but grow up relatively independent , sociable and self-confident .
if a child is born with some degree of mental impairment and has parents able to handle the situation calmly , without undue guilt or anxiety , creating a relaxed home atmosphere , encouraging the child 's full development however slow it is , making use of the best educational facilities available and [giving] a stable , reassuring , affectionate home , then such a child might well not be severely handicapped by the disability , but grow up relatively independent , sociable and self-confident .

If a person is suffering from a fairly severe mental disorder and has close friends or relatives who sympathize , encourage early treatment and make full rehabilitation possible by providing a tolerant but secure home after hospitalization , then the person has a fair chance of ultimately coping with their illness without it handicapping their general performance in life too severely .
if a person is suffering from a fairly severe mental disorder and has close friends or relatives who sympathize , encourage early treatment and make full rehabilitation possible by [giving] a tolerant but secure home after hospitalization , then the person has a fair chance of ultimately coping with their illness without it handicapping their general performance in life too severely .

Local authorities have been providing hostels since 1959 but only in very small numbers .
local authorities have been [giving] hostels since 1959 but only in very small numbers .

They have an important part to play in providing care to those discharged after long stays in hospital and also in providing temporary homes and rehabilitation to those trying to re-establish themselves in the community .
they have an important part to play in [giving] care to those discharged after long stays in hospital and also in [giving] temporary homes and rehabilitation to those trying to re-establish themselves in the community .

In the personal social services field there has been reference to the need to encourage self-help and voluntary action to keep down the cost of providing professional social care .
in the personal social services field there has been reference to the need to encourage self-help and voluntary action to keep down the cost of [giving] professional social care .

Cooperation between their staff and students has been extremely effective in providing a critical mass for generating ideas and implementing new teaching methods .
cooperation between their staff and students has been extremely effective in [giving] a critical mass for generating ideas and implementing new teaching methods .

The honour of making the first speech may go to the best speaker or the best friend , providing your choice keeps as many people as possible happy !
the honour of making the first speech may go to the best speaker or the best friend , [giving] your choice keeps as many people as possible happy !

For many of the women , paid employment was part of being a ‘ good ’ mother and providing for their children — providing not extras but vital necessities .
for many of the women , paid employment was part of being a ‘ good ’ mother and [giving] for their children — [giving] not extras but vital necessities .

First , the costs of providing benefits for lone parents have risen very rapidly as a consequence of the increased receipt of income support among lone parents .
first , the costs of [giving] benefits for lone parents have risen very rapidly as a consequence of the increased receipt of income support among lone parents .

This chapter considers the financial consequences of community care policies for those women on whom such policies increasingly depend — the mothers , daughters , wives , sisters , neighbours and friends who are providing a substantial amount of help and support to a disabled or elderly person .
this chapter considers the financial consequences of community care policies for those women on whom such policies increasingly depend — the mothers , daughters , wives , sisters , neighbours and friends who are [giving] a substantial amount of help and support to a disabled or elderly person .

Apart from the important political issues surrounding the recognition ( financial or otherwise ) of women 's domestic work ( see Ungerson , 1990 ; Land , 1991 ) , full acknowledgement of these private costs is also important if individual women are not to experience increased impoverishment , insecurity and dependency as the consequences of providing care .
apart from the important political issues surrounding the recognition ( financial or otherwise ) of women 's domestic work ( see ungerson , 1990 ; land , 1991 ) , full acknowledgement of these private costs is also important if individual women are not to experience increased impoverishment , insecurity and dependency as the consequences of [giving] care .

There has also been a corresponding shift in the role advocated for statutory social care agencies , from the direct provision of services for elderly and disabled people themselves , to supporting instead those relatives , friends and neighbours who are increasingly responsible for providing most of their care :
there has also been a corresponding shift in the role advocated for statutory social care agencies , from the direct provision of services for elderly and disabled people themselves , to supporting instead those relatives , friends and neighbours who are increasingly responsible for [giving] most of their care :

As will be discussed below , recent evidence on the demography of informal care suggests that some modification of these assumptions may be necessary , but in some very important respects the work of providing ‘ care ’ in the ‘ community , remains an issue of central importance to women .
as will be discussed below , recent evidence on the demography of informal care suggests that some modification of these assumptions may be necessary , but in some very important respects the work of [giving] ‘ care ’ in the ‘ community , remains an issue of central importance to women .

Although there is apparently little difference in the proportions of male and female carers who are providing twenty hours or more help and support each week , clear gender differences do emerge as care-giving becomes more intensive .
although there is apparently little difference in the proportions of male and female carers who are [giving] twenty hours or more help and support each week , clear gender differences do emerge as care-giving becomes more intensive .

Among carers living in the same household as the person receiving care , this difference is even more apparent , with 62 per cent of women providing help with personal care and 53 per cent being responsible for giving medication , compared with 43 per cent and 37 per cent of men respectively .
among carers living in the same household as the person receiving care , this difference is even more apparent , with 62 per cent of women [giving] help with personal care and 53 per cent being responsible for giving medication , compared with 43 per cent and 37 per cent of men respectively .

Paradoxically , the widespread availability of part-time employment for women may enable them to remain in the labour market , even while providing substantial levels of care , whilst men appear more likely to have to choose between full-time employment and stopping work altogether ( see Green , 1988 , Table 2.9 ; Parker , 1992 ) .
paradoxically , the widespread availability of part-time employment for women may enable them to remain in the labour market , even while [giving] substantial levels of care , whilst men appear more likely to have to choose between full-time employment and stopping work altogether ( see green , 1988 , table 2.9 ; parker , 1992 ) .

Carers living in the same household as the person receiving care , female carers , those with sole responsibility for providing care and those who were not economically active were especially disadvantaged .
carers living in the same household as the person receiving care , female carers , those with sole responsibility for [giving] care and those who were not economically active were especially disadvantaged .

am very grateful to the Department of Social Security for providing the statistics contained in Tables 12.2 and 12.3 .
am very grateful to the department of social security for [giving] the statistics contained in tables 12.2 and 12.3 .

The preoccupation with providing for widows is one outcome of the high marriage rate for women which has persisted in Britain since World War 11 .
the preoccupation with [giving] for widows is one outcome of the high marriage rate for women which has persisted in britain since world war 11 .

Their mothers and their partners ' mothers play a particularly important part in this informal economy of care , providing both practical help with child care and material support , typically in kind rather than cash .
their mothers and their partners ' mothers play a particularly important part in this informal economy of care , [giving] both practical help with child care and material support , typically in kind rather than cash .

In Morris ' study of the households of forty redundant steelworkers , kin were providing extra help — mostly in the form of food and clothes for the children — for less than a third of the families ( Morris , 1983 ) .
in morris ' study of the households of forty redundant steelworkers , kin were [giving] extra help — mostly in the form of food and clothes for the children — for less than a third of the families ( morris , 1983 ) .

‘ It is a purely ideological desire to see the private sector providing regardless of whether it is appropriate or not .
‘ it is a purely ideological desire to see the private sector [giving] regardless of whether it is appropriate or not .

Home helps providing ‘ care on the cheap ’
home helps [giving] ‘ care on the cheap ’

Its latest report on the grant shows 800 projects providing services to 64,000 people , many of them befriending , advocacy , advice , and respite schemes .
its latest report on the grant shows 800 projects [giving] services to 64,000 people , many of them befriending , advocacy , advice , and respite schemes .

‘ The changes are minor , like locks on the bathroom doors and providing an exclusively female ‘ safe ’ room for those on mixed corridors , ’ explained Gabbidon .
‘ the changes are minor , like locks on the bathroom doors and [giving] an exclusively female ‘ safe ’ room for those on mixed corridors , ’ explained gabbidon .

What are the changes to the social security benefits rules as a result of the new role for SSDs in providing community care ?
what are the changes to the social security benefits rules as a result of the new role for ssds in [giving] community care ?

Local authorities must be sure they are providing the right care for children , and with increasing pressure on budgets they must know the money is well spent .
local authorities must be sure they are [giving] the right care for children , and with increasing pressure on budgets they must know the money is well spent .

Although new agents , often discovered empirically , are entering clinical trials , there is little sign of classic pharmacological approaches providing a breakthrough .
although new agents , often discovered empirically , are entering clinical trials , there is little sign of classic pharmacological approaches [giving] a breakthrough .

Although providing support for the findings of Mattila et al , our results show a weaker association between dental disease and coronary heart disease .
although [giving] support for the findings of mattila et al , our results show a weaker association between dental disease and coronary heart disease .

( 3 ) Implicit acceptance of responsibility for providing a wide range of services to our patients — In taking a fund we accept responsibility for purchasing hospital services , drugs , and now community care on behalf of our patients .
( 3 ) implicit acceptance of responsibility for [giving] a wide range of services to our patients — in taking a fund we accept responsibility for purchasing hospital services , drugs , and now community care on behalf of our patients .

One great advantage of the free market was to have been the prospering of hard working , successful hospitals at the expense of those providing an inferior service .
one great advantage of the free market was to have been the prospering of hard working , successful hospitals at the expense of those [giving] an inferior service .

To that end we will be providing staff with up to date factual information , often through managers , who can keep staff briefed and explain the implications of the changes , not only for their hospital but for them individually .
to that end we will be [giving] staff with up to date factual information , often through managers , who can keep staff briefed and explain the implications of the changes , not only for their hospital but for them individually .

And the old hospital sites might be the best places to build the new units because the local population is usually tolerant , and both managerial and clinical staff have long experience of providing services for chronically mentally ill people .
and the old hospital sites might be the best places to build the new units because the local population is usually tolerant , and both managerial and clinical staff have long experience of [giving] services for chronically mentally ill people .

All institutions providing paediatric care or paediatric surgery were visited , and the records of all cases in the study period were reviewed .
all institutions [giving] paediatric care or paediatric surgery were visited , and the records of all cases in the study period were reviewed .

The growing role of municipalities in providing health care means that there is bound to be more emphasis on primary care .
the growing role of municipalities in [giving] health care means that there is bound to be more emphasis on primary care .

By providing an outside point of reference for the important work being undertaken by our Brazilian colleagues it has helped to give community based approaches to health care credibility within the country .
by [giving] an outside point of reference for the important work being undertaken by our brazilian colleagues it has helped to give community based approaches to health care credibility within the country .

The role of the general practitioner in providing such a service can be disputed by gynaecologists and general practitioners alike .
the role of the general practitioner in [giving] such a service can be disputed by gynaecologists and general practitioners alike .

Providing these will result in stronger management than having authority imposed by workers without a clinical background .
[giving] these will result in stronger management than having authority imposed by workers without a clinical background .

This would reduce the number of authors listed while still providing unambiguous access to the publication , acknowledgment of the primary researcher , and identification of the department or laboratory ( usually that of the last author ) .
this would reduce the number of authors listed while still [giving] unambiguous access to the publication , acknowledgment of the primary researcher , and identification of the department or laboratory ( usually that of the last author ) .

Within the specialty of mental health the central coordinating function was first recognised formally in the United States by the Community Mental Health Centers Act ( 1963 ) and its 1975 amendments , which explicitly required the centres to link with other agencies providing care for long term patients .
within the specialty of mental health the central coordinating function was first recognised formally in the united states by the community mental health centers act ( 1963 ) and its 1975 amendments , which explicitly required the centres to link with other agencies [giving] care for long term patients .

In addition to providing the knowledge and skills needed for medical practice the new curriculum at the medical schools of the Royal London Hospital and St Bartholomew 's Hospital aims to foster lifelong learning and awareness of strengths , weaknesses , and learning needs .
in addition to [giving] the knowledge and skills needed for medical practice the new curriculum at the medical schools of the royal london hospital and st bartholomew 's hospital aims to foster lifelong learning and awareness of strengths , weaknesses , and learning needs .

The town has also ar institution called the Spittel , built from an endowment of 1225 which laid an obligation upon the Teutonic Order to maintain a hospice for tending the poor and providing hospitality to pilgrims .
the town has also ar institution called the spittel , built from an endowment of 1225 which laid an obligation upon the teutonic order to maintain a hospice for tending the poor and [giving] hospitality to pilgrims .

" The Meeting Considering the great Exertions of the Legislature in Surpressing the Distilling of Spirits & the great revenue given up by Ministry for the purpose of providing a sufficiency of Grain for the use of the nation , which in many parts is threaten 'd with a Famine , and Considering that great Exertions have already been made in surpressing the Distilling in this Island , This Meeting unanimously Resolve Individually and Collectively to exert themselves in putting a total stop to the said Illegal Practices … "
" the meeting considering the great exertions of the legislature in surpressing the distilling of spirits & the great revenue given up by ministry for the purpose of [giving] a sufficiency of grain for the use of the nation , which in many parts is threaten 'd with a famine , and considering that great exertions have already been made in surpressing the distilling in this island , this meeting unanimously resolve individually and collectively to exert themselves in putting a total stop to the said illegal practices … "

6528 male and female patients providing 54355 years of follow up .
6528 male and female patients [giving] 54355 years of follow up .

Our study is based on 6528 men and women first registered between 1 January 1972 and 31 December 1990 , providing 54355 patient years of follow up .
our study is based on 6528 men and women first registered between 1 january 1972 and 31 december 1990 , [giving] 54355 patient years of follow up .

This general population survey was of 15 411 men and women screened between 1972 and 1976 and providing 231 888 subject years of follow up to 31 December 1990 .
this general population survey was of 15 411 men and women screened between 1972 and 1976 and [giving] 231 888 subject years of follow up to 31 december 1990 .

Their confidence in providing care within this framework averaged 4 on the same scale , all but three of the doctors indicating that this method of care interfaced well with their primary health care practice .
their confidence in [giving] care within this framework averaged 4 on the same scale , all but three of the doctors indicating that this method of care interfaced well with their primary health care practice .

Despite the absence of a consensus on who had clinical responsibility for the patients in this scheme — general practitioner , hospital , or both — 28 of the 31 general practitioners wished to continue providing diabetic care within this framework .
despite the absence of a consensus on who had clinical responsibility for the patients in this scheme — general practitioner , hospital , or both — 28 of the 31 general practitioners wished to continue [giving] diabetic care within this framework .

How far can dementia teams go in the planning of care , for example , in providing longer term care ?
how far can dementia teams go in the planning of care , for example , in [giving] longer term care ?

How can they ensure that they can be effective , that is , that they can actually provide services as well as providing assessments ?
how can they ensure that they can be effective , that is , that they can actually provide services as well as [giving] assessments ?

In Scotland a number of health boards and social work departments are having discussions with the housing associations with the intention of providing accommodation for dementia suffers where the building is provided by the housing association .
in scotland a number of health boards and social work departments are having discussions with the housing associations with the intention of [giving] accommodation for dementia suffers where the building is provided by the housing association .

This enables housing associations to use their expertise in design as well as providing maintenance for the building .
this enables housing associations to use their expertise in design as well as [giving] maintenance for the building .

This paper has raised some of the issues involved in providing support and suitable living in their own homes , in the homes of friends or relatives or in sheltered housing .
this paper has raised some of the issues involved in [giving] support and suitable living in their own homes , in the homes of friends or relatives or in sheltered housing .

Vague and slightly patronising references were made to volunteers providing the companionship and neighbourly services for which health and social service workers have neither the time nor the responsibility `` .
vague and slightly patronising references were made to volunteers [giving] the companionship and neighbourly services for which health and social service workers have neither the time nor the responsibility `` .

However , research suggests that the agencies involved in providing community support for mentally handicapped people have different priorities or place different emphases on the elements of such a support structure .
however , research suggests that the agencies involved in [giving] community support for mentally handicapped people have different priorities or place different emphases on the elements of such a support structure .

In this light , the attempts by CMHTs to develop realistic operational objectives may be seen as a process by which the respective priorities and range of expectations of the agencies providing community support services are more clearly specified .
in this light , the attempts by cmhts to develop realistic operational objectives may be seen as a process by which the respective priorities and range of expectations of the agencies [giving] community support services are more clearly specified .

Before considering future development it would be advisable for those agencies already providing or assisting in the provision of day care to evaluate current service to determine its efficacy .
before considering future development it would be advisable for those agencies already [giving] or assisting in the provision of day care to evaluate current service to determine its efficacy .

Craft and social groups help to structure a patient 's day , improving orientation , which is further reinforced by staff use of reality orientation , while reminiscence packs help to improve concentration , encourage communication and increase self-esteem as well as providing fun and enjoyment !
craft and social groups help to structure a patient 's day , improving orientation , which is further reinforced by staff use of reality orientation , while reminiscence packs help to improve concentration , encourage communication and increase self-esteem as well as [giving] fun and enjoyment !

As the numbers of elderly people with dementia within the home increase — will the non-dementing group be in one wing with three others providing care for old people with dementia .
as the numbers of elderly people with dementia within the home increase — will the non-dementing group be in one wing with three others [giving] care for old people with dementia .

Apart from the current pressures from Central Government not to build or replace residential homes but to rely more heavily on the private and voluntary sector and housing associations , they are also being pressed to see Residential Care as a positive choice ( Wagner Report 1987 ) , to see the residential home as a community resource by providing more flexible patterns , respite , short-term and long term care and extended day care .
apart from the current pressures from central government not to build or replace residential homes but to rely more heavily on the private and voluntary sector and housing associations , they are also being pressed to see residential care as a positive choice ( wagner report 1987 ) , to see the residential home as a community resource by [giving] more flexible patterns , respite , short-term and long term care and extended day care .

As it has developed the residential unit , which incorporates 2 beds which can be used by the consultant providing the psychogeriatric services , has developed an emphasis on early diagnosis , assessment and rehabilitation Two people have moved into the unit from hospital and a further 3 or 4 may be rehoused in a group living situation in a house nearby .
as it has developed the residential unit , which incorporates 2 beds which can be used by the consultant [giving] the psychogeriatric services , has developed an emphasis on early diagnosis , assessment and rehabilitation two people have moved into the unit from hospital and a further 3 or 4 may be rehoused in a group living situation in a house nearby .

What 's new about the focus in the last few years , and what 's important about the circular and the programme was the emphasis on quality , and on providing good quality services .
what 's new about the focus in the last few years , and what 's important about the circular and the programme was the emphasis on quality , and on [giving] good quality services .

All these 4 projects are effectively providing residential settings so they are not community care in the most exciting way .
all these 4 projects are effectively [giving] residential settings so they are not community care in the most exciting way .

They have endeavoured and succeeded in providing good community care packages .
they have endeavoured and succeeded in [giving] good community care packages .

b ) They have also wanted to set up good case management arrangements , not just macro level working , not just providing the context within the health authority but also to provide the right case management at the micro practice level .
b ) they have also wanted to set up good case management arrangements , not just macro level working , not just [giving] the context within the health authority but also to provide the right case management at the micro practice level .

Systems effects have in many cases knock-on effects , even though they were providing care , providing new services for perhaps just 6 people .
systems effects have in many cases knock-on effects , even though they were [giving] care , [giving] new services for perhaps just 6 people .

The experience of Aden had enabled Nizan to come to terms with his own personal development by providing him with the opportunity to understand more completely the political , social and cultural causes of his psychological disorientation .
the experience of aden had enabled nizan to come to terms with his own personal development by [giving] him with the opportunity to understand more completely the political , social and cultural causes of his psychological disorientation .

The plate was then varnished and dried , providing a hard , multicoloured screen .
the plate was then varnished and dried , [giving] a hard , multicoloured screen .

Perhaps some of the total expenditure on deprivation payments could be reserved by the family health services authorities for appeals , providing that the money was ‘ ring fenced .
perhaps some of the total expenditure on deprivation payments could be reserved by the family health services authorities for appeals , [giving] that the money was ‘ ring fenced .

One of the recommendations is that the planning team should implement the review by analysing different ways of providing particular services — crisis intervention , for example — and making recommendations to the purchasing authority .
one of the recommendations is that the planning team should implement the review by analysing different ways of [giving] particular services — crisis intervention , for example — and making recommendations to the purchasing authority .

Stephenson thinks that unless there are no informal carers ( in which case providing continuous support at home is much more expensive than residential care ) much can be done to keep even very dependent people at home .
stephenson thinks that unless there are no informal carers ( in which case [giving] continuous support at home is much more expensive than residential care ) much can be done to keep even very dependent people at home .

Everyone agrees that if the service is to be seamless there are enormous benefits in having people providing care across the health-social care boundary — ‘ one person providing bathing , bandaging , and hoovering ’ — and not bothering about who pays .
everyone agrees that if the service is to be seamless there are enormous benefits in having people [giving] care across the health-social care boundary — ‘ one person [giving] bathing , bandaging , and hoovering ’ — and not bothering about who pays .

To sum up , none of the four theories discussed above seem capable of providing a satisfactory clarification of the conditions of intelligibility of referring to something as numerically the same .
to sum up , none of the four theories discussed above seem capable of [giving] a satisfactory clarification of the conditions of intelligibility of referring to something as numerically the same .

Confronted with such a situation , with no sure indication as to how , if at all , a satisfactory clarification of particular identity might be found , we might be tempted to think that the best course to follow is to try and see if we can make do without relying on this awkward and intractable concept . Why , it might be asked , is the concept of particular-identity , as distinct from purely species-identity , at all necessary for a complete description of the world ? Might it not be possible to interpret all references to ontological existents along Platonist lines in terms of references to species of one kind or another , and the characteristics of species ; thereby providing a proof that the basic ontological existents are , in fact , species , and that the " problem of individuality " , in the final analysis , reduces to the problem of species ( or quite generally : qualitative ) identity ?
confronted with such a situation , with no sure indication as to how , if at all , a satisfactory clarification of particular identity might be found , we might be tempted to think that the best course to follow is to try and see if we can make do without relying on this awkward and intractable concept . why , it might be asked , is the concept of particular-identity , as distinct from purely species-identity , at all necessary for a complete description of the world ? might it not be possible to interpret all references to ontological existents along platonist lines in terms of references to species of one kind or another , and the characteristics of species ; thereby [giving] a proof that the basic ontological existents are , in fact , species , and that the " problem of individuality " , in the final analysis , reduces to the problem of species ( or quite generally : qualitative ) identity ?

For patients with low levels of dependency , providing domiciliary care is cheaper than providing institutional care , but at high levels of dependency it becomes more expensive .
for patients with low levels of dependency , [giving] domiciliary care is cheaper than [giving] institutional care , but at high levels of dependency it becomes more expensive .

Dependency increases where care is poor , and homes taking in low dependency clients can soon make them more dependent by providing too few activities and too many sedatives .
dependency increases where care is poor , and homes taking in low dependency clients can soon make them more dependent by [giving] too few activities and too many sedatives .

This paper argues that the search for an empirically based resource allocation formula of high precision in the name of promotion of equity is largely fruitless given the impossibility of measuring the true need for , and costs of , providing health care , especially with the limited data available .
this paper argues that the search for an empirically based resource allocation formula of high precision in the name of promotion of equity is largely fruitless given the impossibility of measuring the true need for , and costs of , [giving] health care , especially with the limited data available .

For example , it has been shown in certain studies that providing health care to some more isolated rural populations is more expensive than in less sparsely populated areas .
for example , it has been shown in certain studies that [giving] health care to some more isolated rural populations is more expensive than in less sparsely populated areas .

It is replicated at other centres and units in district general hospitals providing neurological services throughout Britain .
it is replicated at other centres and units in district general hospitals [giving] neurological services throughout britain .

Editor , — Robin Russell Jones says that dermatologists working in the community ( presumably this includes private consulting rooms ) would be incapable of providing an adequate dermatological service .
editor , — robin russell jones says that dermatologists working in the community ( presumably this includes private consulting rooms ) would be incapable of [giving] an adequate dermatological service .

Critics argued that it had legitimised the Soviet system in Eastern Europe without providing anything meaningful in return .
critics argued that it had legitimised the soviet system in eastern europe without [giving] anything meaningful in return .

This interest in what is often termed ‘ cultural heritage ’ also involves other studies , such as local history , heraldry and genealogy , but archaeology has an active role to play in providing a coherent picture of our heritage .
this interest in what is often termed ‘ cultural heritage ’ also involves other studies , such as local history , heraldry and genealogy , but archaeology has an active role to play in [giving] a coherent picture of our heritage .

Historical sites and ancient monuments that are badly presented , providing little or no explanation , seldom achieve popularity as tourist sites unless they are unique and already world-famous , as in the case of Stonehenge , in Wiltshire .
historical sites and ancient monuments that are badly presented , [giving] little or no explanation , seldom achieve popularity as tourist sites unless they are unique and already world-famous , as in the case of stonehenge , in wiltshire .

The role of finds in dating is looked at in the next chapter , but perhaps the most obvious way in which finds can tell us about the past is by providing evidence about ancient technology .
the role of finds in dating is looked at in the next chapter , but perhaps the most obvious way in which finds can tell us about the past is by [giving] evidence about ancient technology .

Still used by archaeologists , it went only part of the way towards providing a historical framework for archaeological evidence , however .
still used by archaeologists , it went only part of the way towards [giving] a historical framework for archaeological evidence , however .

Dendrochronology , also called tree-ring dating , is not only used for calibrating radiocarbon dates , but also for providing accurate dates for old timbers .
dendrochronology , also called tree-ring dating , is not only used for calibrating radiocarbon dates , but also for [giving] accurate dates for old timbers .

He deliberately kept the Lamonts in a separate compartment , their home providing him with a place to refuel in company he enjoyed and in countryside he loved .
he deliberately kept the lamonts in a separate compartment , their home [giving] him with a place to refuel in company he enjoyed and in countryside he loved .

This was puzzling because in our minds ‘ collaborative learning ’ was about children working together on the same tasks , with the shared experience providing the context and reason for interaction .
this was puzzling because in our minds ‘ collaborative learning ’ was about children working together on the same tasks , with the shared experience [giving] the context and reason for interaction .

Providing opportunities to experience collaboration
[giving] opportunities to experience collaboration

Teachers can help to develop the ideas of any child by providing them with a new range of experiences .
teachers can help to develop the ideas of any child by [giving] them with a new range of experiences .

Providing support generally in a class where most children are struggling with the work , discouraged or disaffected .
[giving] support generally in a class where most children are struggling with the work , discouraged or disaffected .

Even in Cramlington , the activities of the developer builders were seen largely in terms of providing a population to serve as the basis of demand for services , rather than , as was clearly the case for the public sector , in terms of providing housing so as to assemble a labour force for new industries .
even in cramlington , the activities of the developer builders were seen largely in terms of [giving] a population to serve as the basis of demand for services , rather than , as was clearly the case for the public sector , in terms of [giving] housing so as to assemble a labour force for new industries .

The British economy was growing , providing an increased demand for labour .
the british economy was growing , [giving] an increased demand for labour .

The dominant benefit is the means-tested income support replacing supplementary benefit ( formerly national assistance ) in April 1988 , whereas under the Beveridge Plan this was to be a minor benefit providing a safety net for those not otherwise covered .
the dominant benefit is the means-tested income support replacing supplementary benefit ( formerly national assistance ) in april 1988 , whereas under the beveridge plan this was to be a minor benefit [giving] a safety net for those not otherwise covered .

Even with this fairly technical jurisdiction , some commentators saw the tribunals as providing the nucleus of a system of ‘ labour courts ’ ( Whitesides and Hawker , 1975 ) .
even with this fairly technical jurisdiction , some commentators saw the tribunals as [giving] the nucleus of a system of ‘ labour courts ’ ( whitesides and hawker , 1975 ) .

The procedure seems to work well providing a balance between finality of decision making and the interests of justice in allowing the re-opening of certain decisions .
the procedure seems to work well [giving] a balance between finality of decision making and the interests of justice in allowing the re-opening of certain decisions .

To save time when judgment is given , the practice has been adopted of stating the disposition of the case in open court , but of providing printed copies of the full judgments to the parties ' lawyers and to the representatives of the press in court .
to save time when judgment is given , the practice has been adopted of stating the disposition of the case in open court , but of [giving] printed copies of the full judgments to the parties ' lawyers and to the representatives of the press in court .

Realism was needed in providing new services because of resource constraints .
realism was needed in [giving] new services because of resource constraints .

The functions of the Advisory Committee will be to advise on questions that arise as to what qualifications are necessary for providing legal services connected with litigation and what requirements are necessary to ensure proper standards of conduct .
the functions of the advisory committee will be to advise on questions that arise as to what qualifications are necessary for [giving] legal services connected with litigation and what requirements are necessary to ensure proper standards of conduct .

Poorer working-class groups do not seem to perceive lawyers as providing a service for them .
poorer working-class groups do not seem to perceive lawyers as [giving] a service for them .

Yet as we shall see in the next chapter , with poorer clients the problem is not simply one of providing lawyers for people who can not afford them from their own resources .
yet as we shall see in the next chapter , with poorer clients the problem is not simply one of [giving] lawyers for people who can not afford them from their own resources .

However , by providing a description of the norms speakers operate with in conversation , Grice makes it possible to describe what types of meaning a speaker can convey by ‘ flouting ’ one of these maxims .
however , by [giving] a description of the norms speakers operate with in conversation , grice makes it possible to describe what types of meaning a speaker can convey by ‘ flouting ’ one of these maxims .

In the present discussion we have already partially answered the reader 's primary ‘ why ’ question about the discourse fragment being studied by providing the previous speaker 's question .
in the present discussion we have already partially answered the reader 's primary ‘ why ’ question about the discourse fragment being studied by [giving] the previous speaker 's question .

Their mother inevitably expends a great deal of her energy in providing them with milk and the task of carrying them as well is too much for her .
their mother inevitably expends a great deal of her energy in [giving] them with milk and the task of carrying them as well is too much for her .

This very virulence , while providing excellent defence against most attackers , brings the frogs death at the hands of man .
this very virulence , while [giving] excellent defence against most attackers , brings the frogs death at the hands of man .

Their way of providing it is architectural .
their way of [giving] it is architectural .

‘ Placing a half-silvered mirror in front of a camera allowed the camera to see two images simultaneously , providing you 'd balanced out lighting the two images very carefully .
‘ placing a half-silvered mirror in front of a camera allowed the camera to see two images simultaneously , [giving] you 'd balanced out lighting the two images very carefully .

And the planting of native trees and understorey shrubs , such as guelder rose , hazel , dogwood , spindle and blackthorn , has created new woodland , providing lush cover for birds .
and the planting of native trees and understorey shrubs , such as guelder rose , hazel , dogwood , spindle and blackthorn , has created new woodland , [giving] lush cover for birds .

Management policy on the reserve includes a regular coppicing-with-standards rotation , providing the songsters with the habitat they seek .
management policy on the reserve includes a regular coppicing-with-standards rotation , [giving] the songsters with the habitat they seek .

It is a service business , providing a very specific service to its clients .
it is a service business , [giving] a very specific service to its clients .

The creative department is usually run by a creative director who is , ideally , a working director , performing primarily either a copy or an art function within a team , as well as setting standards and providing guidance and inspiration to the rest of the department .
the creative department is usually run by a creative director who is , ideally , a working director , performing primarily either a copy or an art function within a team , as well as setting standards and [giving] guidance and inspiration to the rest of the department .

If , however , you are using an agency capable of providing a reasonable service — even if it is not a ‘ full service agency ’ — you are likely to meet , at one time or another , an account group , consisting of at least five or six people , who will be doing between them all the tasks involved in creating and placing your advertising .
if , however , you are using an agency capable of [giving] a reasonable service — even if it is not a ‘ full service agency ’ — you are likely to meet , at one time or another , an account group , consisting of at least five or six people , who will be doing between them all the tasks involved in creating and placing your advertising .

Also with an eye to providing user friendly service to the community , the shop stays open until 9 p.m .
also with an eye to [giving] user friendly service to the community , the shop stays open until 9 p.m .

This is not a ‘ piece of cloth … intended to show the skill of the person who made it ’ ( Cobuild ) , but a series , initially of four titles — Prepositions , Modal Verbs , Reporting and Homonyms — providing extracts of concordance data from the Cobuild database .
this is not a ‘ piece of cloth … intended to show the skill of the person who made it ’ ( cobuild ) , but a series , initially of four titles — prepositions , modal verbs , reporting and homonyms — [giving] extracts of concordance data from the cobuild database .

New series providing accessible introductions for amateur gardeners .
new series [giving] accessible introductions for amateur gardeners .

‘ And we 're providing the trade with a high-profile promotion to help sell them Picture Lions when they get there .
‘ and we 're [giving] the trade with a high-profile promotion to help sell them picture lions when they get there .

Indeed , in 1979 , Virgin enjoyed its most successful year ever on the singles charts , with the Skids alone providing five consecutive hits in the Top Fifty .
indeed , in 1979 , virgin enjoyed its most successful year ever on the singles charts , with the skids alone [giving] five consecutive hits in the top fifty .

It was obvious to Branson that Heaven was providing that meeting-place .
it was obvious to branson that heaven was [giving] that meeting-place .

Moreover , section 2 of the Act of 1965 imposed a restraint on the power of the Secretary of State to release on licence a person convicted of murder , by providing that no such person should be released :
moreover , section 2 of the act of 1965 imposed a restraint on the power of the secretary of state to release on licence a person convicted of murder , by [giving] that no such person should be released :

There is also the problem , if Miss Marshall is correct , that you would have a situation arising where , once a statutory tenancy had ceased to exist on an order for possession being made , it would be revived if the court were to exercise the powers which are contained in subsection ( 4 ) of section 100 , subsection ( 4 ) providing :
there is also the problem , if miss marshall is correct , that you would have a situation arising where , once a statutory tenancy had ceased to exist on an order for possession being made , it would be revived if the court were to exercise the powers which are contained in subsection ( 4 ) of section 100 , subsection ( 4 ) [giving] :

149 it was held by the Court of Appeal that a statutory provision providing that ‘ a poor person shall not be ordered to pay any costs ’ did not affect a mortgagee litigant 's right to add his litigation costs to the mortgage security .
149 it was held by the court of appeal that a statutory provision [giving] that ‘ a poor person shall not be ordered to pay any costs ’ did not affect a mortgagee litigant 's right to add his litigation costs to the mortgage security .

The subsection echoes the language of subsection ( 3 ) by providing that the clients shall be treated ‘ as entitled to ’ the appropriate proportion of the deposit .
the subsection echoes the language of subsection ( 3 ) by [giving] that the clients shall be treated ‘ as entitled to ’ the appropriate proportion of the deposit .

The Geneva Convention of 1958 itself recognises that that possibility exists by providing in article 30 that ‘ The provisions of this Convention shall not affect conventions or other international agreements already in force , as between state parties to them .
the geneva convention of 1958 itself recognises that that possibility exists by [giving] in article 30 that ‘ the provisions of this convention shall not affect conventions or other international agreements already in force , as between state parties to them .

Arranging for the provision of credit , whether on behalf of the borrower or the person providing credit , and providing services in connection with current loan agreements to the party providing credit .
arranging for the provision of credit , whether on behalf of the borrower or the person [giving] credit , and [giving] services in connection with current loan agreements to the party [giving] credit .

For the plaintiffs it is submitted that the action of the employee valuer in exercising his professional skill and judgment in providing a basic valuation for consideration by the assessor is not action taken by the society but a service rendered to the society by a professional man as such , even though he is also an employee .
for the plaintiffs it is submitted that the action of the employee valuer in exercising his professional skill and judgment in [giving] a basic valuation for consideration by the assessor is not action taken by the society but a service rendered to the society by a professional man as such , even though he is also an employee .

‘ but the mere appearance on the statute book of a measure providing for penalties and forfeitures does not mean that all moneys collected pursuant to the statute are extorted by the Crown .
‘ but the mere appearance on the statute book of a measure [giving] for penalties and forfeitures does not mean that all moneys collected pursuant to the statute are extorted by the crown .

Providing a coroner has considered the result of a post mortem examination and he is satisfied that there is no reasonable cause to suspect an unnatural death , then he is entitled to proceed under section 19 ( 1 ) and to decline to hold an inquest .
[giving] a coroner has considered the result of a post mortem examination and he is satisfied that there is no reasonable cause to suspect an unnatural death , then he is entitled to proceed under section 19 ( 1 ) and to decline to hold an inquest .

The defendant , a bankrupt , was charged with obtaining property by deception , contrary to section 15 ( 1 ) of the Theft Act 1968 by providing false information to a building society in order to obtain a mortgage .
the defendant , a bankrupt , was charged with obtaining property by deception , contrary to section 15 ( 1 ) of the theft act 1968 by [giving] false information to a building society in order to obtain a mortgage .

Despite all Miss Arden 's submissions , we are satisfied that section 31 of the Theft Act 1968 was not capable of providing this appellant with any protection .
despite all miss arden 's submissions , we are satisfied that section 31 of the theft act 1968 was not capable of [giving] this appellant with any protection .

In 1930 the owner of a strip of land fronting a highway sold the land to the council , which contemporaneously leased it back to him upon terms set out in a memorandum of agreement providing that ‘ the tenancy shall continue until the … land is required by the council for the purposes of the widening of ’ the highway .
in 1930 the owner of a strip of land fronting a highway sold the land to the council , which contemporaneously leased it back to him upon terms set out in a memorandum of agreement [giving] that ‘ the tenancy shall continue until the … land is required by the council for the purposes of the widening of ’ the highway .

Yacht manufacturers should be more concerned with sailing excitement , performance and safety than providing standard internal lay-outs ; acres of teak are lavished on hulls which have insufficient ballast , heavy displacement and low ‘ sail areas .
yacht manufacturers should be more concerned with sailing excitement , performance and safety than [giving] standard internal lay-outs ; acres of teak are lavished on hulls which have insufficient ballast , heavy displacement and low ‘ sail areas .

Phase two of the development is in progress and will extend capacity of the marina by providing berths for larger yachts up to 106ft ( 32.3m ) .
phase two of the development is in progress and will extend capacity of the marina by [giving] berths for larger yachts up to 106ft ( 32.3m ) .

Yachting World readers are being offered a 10 per cent discount on the price of the service , providing they send them this page of Yachting World .
yachting world readers are being offered a 10 per cent discount on the price of the service , [giving] they send them this page of yachting world .

Our Russian translator , Igor , spoke to them , but non-Russian speakers should have no problems providing they treat the officials with respect and courtesy .
our russian translator , igor , spoke to them , but non-russian speakers should have no problems [giving] they treat the officials with respect and courtesy .

So good that , providing you take it to the right places and use it expertly , you should have no difficulty in doubling your pocketmoney every week .
so good that , [giving] you take it to the right places and use it expertly , you should have no difficulty in doubling your pocketmoney every week .

Baldersdale was far too remote for any of the gentry to be interested in building a country residence there All the more accessible dales had their halls , manors and castles , but the high moors sweeping up to 1,500 feet above the valley of Baldersdale was the habitat of a creature which every aristocrat , and many wealthy merchants and other nouveau riche with aristocratic pretensions pursued , then and now , with fanatical zeal — Lagopus scoticus , feathered-footed member of the Tetraonidae family , otherwise known as the red grouse For the locals it meant an extra cash crop during the days following the Glorious Twelfth — the shillings and sovereigns tossed , somewhat disdainfully , at them for providing a back-up service , such as beating the heather to alarm the birds into the air and towards the buckshot , or placing their horses and wagons at the disposal of their lordships so that ammunition , lunch and the essential bottles of whisky could be transported to the guns and the day 's bag of slain birds brought safely to the all-important count .
baldersdale was far too remote for any of the gentry to be interested in building a country residence there all the more accessible dales had their halls , manors and castles , but the high moors sweeping up to 1,500 feet above the valley of baldersdale was the habitat of a creature which every aristocrat , and many wealthy merchants and other nouveau riche with aristocratic pretensions pursued , then and now , with fanatical zeal — lagopus scoticus , feathered-footed member of the tetraonidae family , otherwise known as the red grouse for the locals it meant an extra cash crop during the days following the glorious twelfth — the shillings and sovereigns tossed , somewhat disdainfully , at them for [giving] a back-up service , such as beating the heather to alarm the birds into the air and towards the buckshot , or placing their horses and wagons at the disposal of their lordships so that ammunition , lunch and the essential bottles of whisky could be transported to the guns and the day 's bag of slain birds brought safely to the all-important count .

Improving your sex life should n't be impossible , providing you still care for him .
improving your sex life should n't be impossible , [giving] you still care for him .

With funding , public support and a large space available , the steering committee set about the task of providing guide lines and selectors .
with funding , public support and a large space available , the steering committee set about the task of [giving] guide lines and selectors .

Leaf-fall has left the trees and bushes bare , providing ideal conditions for hunting for galls .
leaf-fall has left the trees and bushes bare , [giving] ideal conditions for hunting for galls .

Nonetheless , it seemed that they could do perfectly well without the aid of colour , providing they could see the general shape of the person .
nonetheless , it seemed that they could do perfectly well without the aid of colour , [giving] they could see the general shape of the person .

One of the best known is the Brasher Hillmaster from Reebok ( £80 ) , which was designed around a running-shoe last and is incredibly comfortable , while providing a degree of water resistance from its integral membrane .
one of the best known is the brasher hillmaster from reebok ( £80 ) , which was designed around a running-shoe last and is incredibly comfortable , while [giving] a degree of water resistance from its integral membrane .

Their eggs and chicks provide food for the foxes , and over the summer months , their droppings fertilise the flat ground below , encouraging a spongy growth of grass and moss and providing rich grazing for reindeer — a neat cycle of life .
their eggs and chicks provide food for the foxes , and over the summer months , their droppings fertilise the flat ground below , encouraging a spongy growth of grass and moss and [giving] rich grazing for reindeer — a neat cycle of life .

Providing oral substitutes such as Methadone perpetuates rather than reduces the addictive disease and all its attendant risks .
[giving] oral substitutes such as methadone perpetuates rather than reduces the addictive disease and all its attendant risks .

Focussing attention upon individual sufferers and their capacity for recovery from addictive disease and providing general education on addictive disease and its recovery processes , rather than solely upon addictive drugs and their risks , is the best long term help for the individuals at risk and hence for society .
focussing attention upon individual sufferers and their capacity for recovery from addictive disease and [giving] general education on addictive disease and its recovery processes , rather than solely upon addictive drugs and their risks , is the best long term help for the individuals at risk and hence for society .

Involvement in a meeting is a `` spiritual `` process : it is not simply mental , educational , emotional or the process of providing group support , although there are elements of all of these .
involvement in a meeting is a `` spiritual `` process : it is not simply mental , educational , emotional or the process of [giving] group support , although there are elements of all of these .

There may nonetheless be a genetic predisposition that leads to the mood-altering substance providing the perceived perfect solution to this quest for unconditional love .
there may nonetheless be a genetic predisposition that leads to the mood-altering substance [giving] the perceived perfect solution to this quest for unconditional love .

By concentrating upon the physical consequences , the surgeons are deluding themselves and their patients into believing that they are helping the problem and that they are providing encouragement for the future .
by concentrating upon the physical consequences , the surgeons are deluding themselves and their patients into believing that they are helping the problem and that they are [giving] encouragement for the future .

The family member will continue to do things for the primary sufferer ( providing food and shelter and other necessities of life , tidying up the messes , telling lies or half-truths to `` cover up `` , paying off debts or fines , providing bail , apologising on his or her behalf and generally doing everything possible to protect the primary sufferer from the consequences of his or her disease ) regardless of the demonstrable fact that these actions do not help the sufferer to get into recovery .
the family member will continue to do things for the primary sufferer ( [giving] food and shelter and other necessities of life , tidying up the messes , telling lies or half-truths to `` cover up `` , paying off debts or fines , [giving] bail , apologising on his or her behalf and generally doing everything possible to protect the primary sufferer from the consequences of his or her disease ) regardless of the demonstrable fact that these actions do not help the sufferer to get into recovery .

Not providing money to pay debts or even to buy `` essentials `` .
not [giving] money to pay debts or even to buy `` essentials `` .

Not providing special foods or special portions .
not [giving] special foods or special portions .

The Fellowships have a primary end in themselves in providing the route to sustained abstinence from mood-altering substances and behaviours .
the fellowships have a primary end in themselves in [giving] the route to sustained abstinence from mood-altering substances and behaviours .

We know it 's easy to say , but with any luck , you 'll soon start to see ( and feel ) the benefits of dieting , providing you keep at it .
we know it 's easy to say , but with any luck , you 'll soon start to see ( and feel ) the benefits of dieting , [giving] you keep at it .

This form of licence is granted to an hotel structurally adapted and bona fide used for providing main meals at mid-day or in the evening , or both , to persons frequenting the premises , and does not contain a bar counter .
this form of licence is granted to an hotel structurally adapted and bona fide used for [giving] main meals at mid-day or in the evening , or both , to persons frequenting the premises , and does not contain a bar counter .

`` Restaurant licence `` which authorises the supply of alcoholic liquor to persons taking table meals for consumption as an ancillary to the meal in premises which are adapted for habitually providing meals to persons who frequent them , are principally used for providing main meals at mid-day and in the evening , and do not contain a bar counter .
`` restaurant licence `` which authorises the supply of alcoholic liquor to persons taking table meals for consumption as an ancillary to the meal in premises which are adapted for habitually [giving] meals to persons who frequent them , are principally used for [giving] main meals at mid-day and in the evening , and do not contain a bar counter .

( 2 ) Before application is made for the grant of a licence under this Part of this Act , draft rules as to the persons entitled to use the canteen shall be prepared for submission with the application , and the licensing board shall refuse to grant the licence unless the body providing the canteen undertake to make rules for the canteen in the form of the draft , with the modifications , if any , required by the licensing board , and not to vary those rules without the consent of the licensing board .
( 2 ) before application is made for the grant of a licence under this part of this act , draft rules as to the persons entitled to use the canteen shall be prepared for submission with the application , and the licensing board shall refuse to grant the licence unless the body [giving] the canteen undertake to make rules for the canteen in the form of the draft , with the modifications , if any , required by the licensing board , and not to vary those rules without the consent of the licensing board .

( 2 ) The conditions referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above are : ( a ) that the premises of the club are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , wholly or mainly for the purpose of providing facilities in connection with the carrying on by members of the club and their guests of athletic sports or athletic games ; ( b ) that one or more of such sports or games is or are usually carried on out of doors and , when so carried on , can ( unless artificial lighting is used ) only be carried on during hours of daylight ; ( c ) that the said premises are regularly used , or are intended regularly to be used , during the winter period , for providing facilities in connection with the carrying on by members of the club and their guests , during the hours of daylight , of such a sport or game as is mentioned in paragraph ( ii ) above ; ( d ) that having regard to the time at which the said sport or game is usually carried on by members of the club and their guests , the permitted hours set out in section 53(3) of this Act are not suitable for the supply of alcoholic liquor in the said premises to persons who participate in that sport or game .
( 2 ) the conditions referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above are : ( a ) that the premises of the club are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , wholly or mainly for the purpose of [giving] facilities in connection with the carrying on by members of the club and their guests of athletic sports or athletic games ; ( b ) that one or more of such sports or games is or are usually carried on out of doors and , when so carried on , can ( unless artificial lighting is used ) only be carried on during hours of daylight ; ( c ) that the said premises are regularly used , or are intended regularly to be used , during the winter period , for [giving] facilities in connection with the carrying on by members of the club and their guests , during the hours of daylight , of such a sport or game as is mentioned in paragraph ( ii ) above ; ( d ) that having regard to the time at which the said sport or game is usually carried on by members of the club and their guests , the permitted hours set out in section 53(3) of this act are not suitable for the supply of alcoholic liquor in the said premises to persons who participate in that sport or game .

( 1 ) This section shall apply to any premises for which a licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) is held or to the premises of a registered club : ( a ) if the holder of the licence or , as the case may be , the club gives notice of the application of the section to the premises In accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : Provided that , in the case of premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held or the premises of a club , the licence-holder or the club , as the case may be , shall not give notice of application as aforesaid , and this section shall not apply to such premises , unless the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona fide used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing the customary main meal at midday for the accommodation of persons frequenting the premises .
( 1 ) this section shall apply to any premises for which a licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) is held or to the premises of a registered club : ( a ) if the holder of the licence or , as the case may be , the club gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : provided that , in the case of premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held or the premises of a club , the licence-holder or the club , as the case may be , shall not give notice of application as aforesaid , and this section shall not apply to such premises , unless the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona fide used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually [giving] the customary main meal at midday for the accommodation of persons frequenting the premises .

( 1 ) This section shall apply to any premises for which a licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) is held or to the premises of a registered club : ( a ) if the holder of the licence or , as the case may be , the club gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : Provided that , in the case of premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held or the premises of a club , the licence-holder or the club , as the case may be , shall not give notice of application as aforesaid and this section shall not apply to such premises , unless the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing , for the accommodation of persons frequenting the premises , substantial refreshment to which the sale and supply of alcoholic liquor is ancillary .
( 1 ) this section shall apply to any premises for which a licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) is held or to the premises of a registered club : ( a ) if the holder of the licence or , as the case may be , the club gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : provided that , in the case of premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held or the premises of a club , the licence-holder or the club , as the case may be , shall not give notice of application as aforesaid and this section shall not apply to such premises , unless the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually [giving] , for the accommodation of persons frequenting the premises , substantial refreshment to which the sale and supply of alcoholic liquor is ancillary .

In the case of such an extension , the premises have to be adapted and used for providing substantial refreshment to which the sale and supply of liquor is ancillary ( subs .
in the case of such an extension , the premises have to be adapted and used for [giving] substantial refreshment to which the sale and supply of liquor is ancillary ( subs .

( 1 ) ) , whereas , in the case of an afternoon extension , the premises have to be adapted and used for providing the customary main meal at mid-day .
( 1 ) ) , whereas , in the case of an afternoon extension , the premises have to be adapted and used for [giving] the customary main meal at mid-day .

( 1 ) This section shall apply to any premises for which a public house licence is held and in respect of which an application for Sunday opening has not been granted under Schedule 4 to this Act : ( a ) if the holder of the licence gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : Provided that a licence-holder shall not give notice of application as aforesaid , and this section shall not apply to the premises for which he holds his licence , unless : ( i ) the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing the customary main meal at midday or in the evening , or both , for the accommodation of persons frequenting the remises , and that the part of the premises mentioned in subsection 3 ) below does not contain a bar counter .
( 1 ) this section shall apply to any premises for which a public house licence is held and in respect of which an application for sunday opening has not been granted under schedule 4 to this act : ( a ) if the holder of the licence gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : provided that a licence-holder shall not give notice of application as aforesaid , and this section shall not apply to the premises for which he holds his licence , unless : ( i ) the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually [giving] the customary main meal at midday or in the evening , or both , for the accommodation of persons frequenting the remises , and that the part of the premises mentioned in subsection 3 ) below does not contain a bar counter .

4 , and , in respect of which , part of the premises have been adapted and set aside for the provision of the customary main meal at mid-day or in the evening or both , The procedure for applying the section to the premises is similar to the procedure under 5,57 , Before a licence-holder can apply the section to his premises , he has to obtain a declaration of satisfaction from the licensing board that part of his premises are adapted and used or intended to be used for habitually providing the customary main meal at mid-day or in the evening and that the adapted part does not contain a bar counter ( subs .
4 , and , in respect of which , part of the premises have been adapted and set aside for the provision of the customary main meal at mid-day or in the evening or both , the procedure for applying the section to the premises is similar to the procedure under 5,57 , before a licence-holder can apply the section to his premises , he has to obtain a declaration of satisfaction from the licensing board that part of his premises are adapted and used or intended to be used for habitually [giving] the customary main meal at mid-day or in the evening and that the adapted part does not contain a bar counter ( subs .

The law remained an external authority expressing God 's requirements , but providing no power to keep them .
the law remained an external authority expressing god 's requirements , but [giving] no power to keep them .

3 The act not only created a situation in which the House of Lords had to give way to the House of Commons , but in providing for the `` representation of the people `` it admitted a new principle of linkage between the state and society .
3 the act not only created a situation in which the house of lords had to give way to the house of commons , but in [giving] for the `` representation of the people `` it admitted a new principle of linkage between the state and society .

No one of the theories we have set down is all wrong , any more than any one perspective is all right so providing us with a single key to `` explain `` British politics .
no one of the theories we have set down is all wrong , any more than any one perspective is all right so [giving] us with a single key to `` explain `` british politics .

It was , however , always hotter as a critique of British democracy and working-class participation , than it was in providing a careful analysis of interests and power in British politics .
it was , however , always hotter as a critique of british democracy and working-class participation , than it was in [giving] a careful analysis of interests and power in british politics .

Proponents of adversary politics and overload present themselves as providing new hard-edged perspectives at one with the facts and at odds with the model of responsible party government and pluralism .
proponents of adversary politics and overload present themselves as [giving] new hard-edged perspectives at one with the facts and at odds with the model of responsible party government and pluralism .

3 In addition to providing for strong and responsible government it has been claimed that the system provides for moderate government because the two parties in a two-party system must strive to occupy the middle ground where the votes lie thickest and this obliges them to control their extremists who might dissuade the middling voters from giving their support .
3 in addition to [giving] for strong and responsible government it has been claimed that the system provides for moderate government because the two parties in a two-party system must strive to occupy the middle ground where the votes lie thickest and this obliges them to control their extremists who might dissuade the middling voters from giving their support .

Elections are not seen as providing a pathway to power .
elections are not seen as [giving] a pathway to power .

If we look back to Chapter 1 , we can see that the constitutional authorities regarded the British constitution as properly providing for representative government of a liberal-democratic kind .
if we look back to chapter 1 , we can see that the constitutional authorities regarded the british constitution as properly [giving] for representative government of a liberal-democratic kind .

The Institute will be major regional and national resource , providing teaching and research in all aspects of European Law .
the institute will be major regional and national resource , [giving] teaching and research in all aspects of european law .

Mr. Walker : Tourism is of incredible importance to Wales in bringing in people who will look at the commercial and industrial prospects of Wales and , of course , in providing jobs and opportunities in rural and coastal areas .
mr. walker : tourism is of incredible importance to wales in bringing in people who will look at the commercial and industrial prospects of wales and , of course , in [giving] jobs and opportunities in rural and coastal areas .

And an allocation of £800,000 has recently been made towards the cost of providing a 40-bed unit for the elderly at Aberdare general hospital .
and an allocation of £800,000 has recently been made towards the cost of [giving] a 40-bed unit for the elderly at aberdare general hospital .

The Accommodation and Administration Sub-Committee gave detailed consideration to the possibility of providing further centralised facilities in addition to those provided by the Post Office in the Central Lobby for which a charge is levied .
the accommodation and administration sub-committee gave detailed consideration to the possibility of [giving] further centralised facilities in addition to those provided by the post office in the central lobby for which a charge is levied .

The Scottish Consumer Council has criticised Scottish bus services generally for being unsatisfactory , particularly in providing timetables and other information , especially at bus stops .
the scottish consumer council has criticised scottish bus services generally for being unsatisfactory , particularly in [giving] timetables and other information , especially at bus stops .

We should not have to rely on the private sector to assist in providing facilities especially as , currently in many cases it does not provide such facilities .
we should not have to rely on the private sector to assist in [giving] facilities especially as , currently in many cases it does not provide such facilities .

Instead of providing a service when it was most needed , the bus companies and British Rail were persuaded to provide services only when the road network made it less attractive for people to use public transport if private transport was available .
instead of [giving] a service when it was most needed , the bus companies and british rail were persuaded to provide services only when the road network made it less attractive for people to use public transport if private transport was available .

Fortunately , Southampton is under Labour control and there is an interest in providing public services .
fortunately , southampton is under labour control and there is an interest in [giving] public services .

Perhaps the Minister will say that five years is not long enough , and will propose a Lords amendment providing that the business shall never be resold without the consent of the employees .
perhaps the minister will say that five years is not long enough , and will propose a lords amendment [giving] that the business shall never be resold without the consent of the employees .

Referring schools are expected to assist in the collation of information by providing a case history , attending meetings and co-operating in assessments ( using the Bristol Social Adjustment Guide and the Rutter Scale ) .
referring schools are expected to assist in the collation of information by [giving] a case history , attending meetings and co-operating in assessments ( using the bristol social adjustment guide and the rutter scale ) .

He and his staff reject the option of off-site provision and argue for an individually tailored solution involving guidance ( pastoral ) and curricular staff : They see the assessment panel as providing an alternative , non-punitive role , for guidance teachers .
he and his staff reject the option of off-site provision and argue for an individually tailored solution involving guidance ( pastoral ) and curricular staff : they see the assessment panel as [giving] an alternative , non-punitive role , for guidance teachers .

As already indicated in chapter 3 , accounting practice may interact with strategy in two broad ways : either by providing analysis prior to investment , or by providing performance reports and costing statements .
as already indicated in chapter 3 , accounting practice may interact with strategy in two broad ways : either by [giving] analysis prior to investment , or by [giving] performance reports and costing statements .

For example , Kaplan 's arguments for ‘ activity-based costing ’ ( Kaplan , 1988 ) are usually expressed in terms of providing an annual review of product-costing for pricing and product-mix decisions .
for example , kaplan 's arguments for ‘ activity-based costing ’ ( kaplan , 1988 ) are usually expressed in terms of [giving] an annual review of product-costing for pricing and product-mix decisions .

One of the advantages claimed for this approach to separating off productivity measurement is that it can be done from conventional accounting statements , thereby providing , as Hayzen says , the link between productivity and profit calculations .
one of the advantages claimed for this approach to separating off productivity measurement is that it can be done from conventional accounting statements , thereby [giving] , as hayzen says , the link between productivity and profit calculations .

Increasingly , however , the benefits of new technology are more related to providing a flexible manufacturing base — i.e .
increasingly , however , the benefits of new technology are more related to [giving] a flexible manufacturing base — i.e .

If the divisional management is convinced , it then takes on the duty of providing impetus and promoting the project through the corporation .
if the divisional management is convinced , it then takes on the duty of [giving] impetus and promoting the project through the corporation .

Since all materials were to be British it would be a major boost for British products and the finished house would serve as an exhibition showcase , providing excellent publicity for all those involved .
since all materials were to be british it would be a major boost for british products and the finished house would serve as an exhibition showcase , [giving] excellent publicity for all those involved .

In addition , we shall consider the changes which have occurred in the major establishments providing public sector higher education , namely the polytechnics and the colleges and institutes of higher education .
in addition , we shall consider the changes which have occurred in the major establishments [giving] public sector higher education , namely the polytechnics and the colleges and institutes of higher education .

Having dealt at length with the management and funding of the institutions providing higher education in the public sector , we shall now turn to an examination of the validation arrangements which appertain to their courses .
having dealt at length with the management and funding of the institutions [giving] higher education in the public sector , we shall now turn to an examination of the validation arrangements which appertain to their courses .

There are those critics of the polytechnics who regard this as a most unfortunate development and would go so far as to castigate them for betraying their primary purpose , which they see as providing for the communities in which they are located , something which of necessity can only be done primarily through part-time provision .
there are those critics of the polytechnics who regard this as a most unfortunate development and would go so far as to castigate them for betraying their primary purpose , which they see as [giving] for the communities in which they are located , something which of necessity can only be done primarily through part-time provision .

These colleges have concentrated mainly on providing initial training courses leading to a Certificate in Education , which take two forms : a one-year full-time pre-service course for graduates , similar in structure to post-graduate courses which train teachers for schools ; and a four-term sandwich course for practising teachers .
these colleges have concentrated mainly on [giving] initial training courses leading to a certificate in education , which take two forms : a one-year full-time pre-service course for graduates , similar in structure to post-graduate courses which train teachers for schools ; and a four-term sandwich course for practising teachers .

To meet these needs , a three-stage pattern was anticipated : a first or induction stage , providing a brief initiation into basic teaching skills , which all part-time teachers would be expected to undertake ; a second stage involving more advanced training in pedagogical skills , which the majority would be encouraged to complete ; and a third stage , for those anticipating more substantial service , which would lead to the award of a Certificate in Education .
to meet these needs , a three-stage pattern was anticipated : a first or induction stage , [giving] a brief initiation into basic teaching skills , which all part-time teachers would be expected to undertake ; a second stage involving more advanced training in pedagogical skills , which the majority would be encouraged to complete ; and a third stage , for those anticipating more substantial service , which would lead to the award of a certificate in education .

Kustow was talking , his deep voice providing a commentary on the proceedings .
kustow was talking , his deep voice [giving] a commentary on the proceedings .

Throughout the period the needs of mothers were not considered in relation to providing a solution to the difficulties they faced ( for example in combining paid employment and motherhood ) , but rather in respect to a precise concept of motherhood as a social function .
throughout the period the needs of mothers were not considered in relation to [giving] a solution to the difficulties they faced ( for example in combining paid employment and motherhood ) , but rather in respect to a precise concept of motherhood as a social function .

In 1899 one York wife responded to a question about the difficulties of providing footwear for her family in the following way :
in 1899 one york wife responded to a question about the difficulties of [giving] footwear for her family in the following way :

Uniformity should be achieved by providing an appeal rather than by distorting review to become appeal .
uniformity should be achieved by [giving] an appeal rather than by distorting review to become appeal .

Decision support systems , providing computer-based facilities for conducting analyses , simulations etc .
decision support systems , [giving] computer-based facilities for conducting analyses , simulations etc .

Budgets should be sufficiently detailed to set clear targets for the managers responsible for carrying them out , but should not be so complex that they defeat their purpose of providing planning and control aids at the operating levels of the enterprise ;
budgets should be sufficiently detailed to set clear targets for the managers responsible for carrying them out , but should not be so complex that they defeat their purpose of [giving] planning and control aids at the operating levels of the enterprise ;

Their future application is seen in terms of providing infra-red diffusers to act as cordless links between such machines as word-processors , telephones and computers , for example .
their future application is seen in terms of [giving] infra-red diffusers to act as cordless links between such machines as word-processors , telephones and computers , for example .

Nor can he supply goods or services in a substantially different way from those ordered , for example by providing a 1Mb microcomputer when a 10Mb version was what the customer ordered .
nor can he supply goods or services in a substantially different way from those ordered , for example by [giving] a 1mb microcomputer when a 10mb version was what the customer ordered .

Manager , Production Planning and Control — this role is responsible for providing the framework and the impetus for production-the main activities of the role are described in the following chapter on this topic .
manager , production planning and control — this role is responsible for [giving] the framework and the impetus for production-the main activities of the role are described in the following chapter on this topic .

Ralph Nader 's Study Group on Air Pollution estimated that the implementation phase would not be completed until well into the 1980s and the Air Quality Act was criticized for providing the Department of Health , Education and Welfare with only very limited powers to press the states into faster action .
ralph nader 's study group on air pollution estimated that the implementation phase would not be completed until well into the 1980s and the air quality act was criticized for [giving] the department of health , education and welfare with only very limited powers to press the states into faster action .

In Britain it flourished especially among those for whom orthodox religion had become untenable , providing a promise of immortality apparently much firmer than argument such as that of Stewart and Tait , or of the Bible .
in britain it flourished especially among those for whom orthodox religion had become untenable , [giving] a promise of immortality apparently much firmer than argument such as that of stewart and tait , or of the bible .

Floy had said he and Snodgrass would try their best to leave markers on the road as they went , providing that Balor did not catch them at it .
floy had said he and snodgrass would try their best to leave markers on the road as they went , [giving] that balor did not catch them at it .

Problems have also been experienced with providing cost-centre managers with sufficient incentives to manage resources economically , efficiently and effectively .
problems have also been experienced with [giving] cost-centre managers with sufficient incentives to manage resources economically , efficiently and effectively .

These authorities employ some 2.35m staff ( 1987 ) and , collectively , they are responsible for providing over fifty different services .
these authorities employ some 2.35m staff ( 1987 ) and , collectively , they are responsible for [giving] over fifty different services .

These Acts created a comprehensive pattern of local authorities throughout England and Wales providing a wide range of services .
these acts created a comprehensive pattern of local authorities throughout england and wales [giving] a wide range of services .

This stance , however , contrasts with the traditional British view that local government , enhances democracy , both by providing a vehicle of political education and as a means of increasing the liberty of the citizen by breaking down the power of the centralized state .
this stance , however , contrasts with the traditional british view that local government , enhances democracy , both by [giving] a vehicle of political education and as a means of increasing the liberty of the citizen by breaking down the power of the centralized state .

As in central government , the functional principle of allocation ( see Chapter 2 ) is widely used , with departments having responsibility for particular services ( education , housing , social services , and so forth ) ; however , in local government allocation by process is also quite widespread , with departments of engineers or architects , for example , providing specialist services throughout their authority .
as in central government , the functional principle of allocation ( see chapter 2 ) is widely used , with departments having responsibility for particular services ( education , housing , social services , and so forth ) ; however , in local government allocation by process is also quite widespread , with departments of engineers or architects , for example , [giving] specialist services throughout their authority .

In her study of Lambeth , Cockburn ( 1977 ) provides one of the best known examples of this perspective which assumes that local government is simply one arm of the capitalist state , providing the conditions for continued capital accumulation and the maintenance of social order .
in her study of lambeth , cockburn ( 1977 ) provides one of the best known examples of this perspective which assumes that local government is simply one arm of the capitalist state , [giving] the conditions for continued capital accumulation and the maintenance of social order .

Under this system of economic production , even though a merchant class was able to find a niche for itself by providing loans and commodities for kings , princes and noble landowners , this class was largely excluded from control over the state , which was dominated by increasingly absolutist kings and their royal entourage of lords and nobles .
under this system of economic production , even though a merchant class was able to find a niche for itself by [giving] loans and commodities for kings , princes and noble landowners , this class was largely excluded from control over the state , which was dominated by increasingly absolutist kings and their royal entourage of lords and nobles .

The peasant might be at the bottom of the pile , but he still had rights to own or work common land and thus the certainty of providing some food for the survival of himself and his family .
the peasant might be at the bottom of the pile , but he still had rights to own or work common land and thus the certainty of [giving] some food for the survival of himself and his family .

Capital competes for itself economically and , therefore , only requires that the state 's role is facilitative of general market conditions by reproducing labour power ( underwriting welfare and education for a proficient labour force ) and providing a political safety valve for capitalism ( through the apparent neutrality of the bourgeois , liberal democratic state based upon universal suffrage ) .
capital competes for itself economically and , therefore , only requires that the state 's role is facilitative of general market conditions by reproducing labour power ( underwriting welfare and education for a proficient labour force ) and [giving] a political safety valve for capitalism ( through the apparent neutrality of the bourgeois , liberal democratic state based upon universal suffrage ) .

Hebb 's view , as described in Chapter 6 , was that memory formation should involve some element of synaptic growth or reconstruction , thus providing a new pattern of connectivity between neurons which can subsequently be preserved ; and this indeed remains the consensus , though by no means the only view .
hebb 's view , as described in chapter 6 , was that memory formation should involve some element of synaptic growth or reconstruction , thus [giving] a new pattern of connectivity between neurons which can subsequently be preserved ; and this indeed remains the consensus , though by no means the only view .

Lichens , particularly encrusting forms , are the most prominent plants , dominant in many communities and providing the highest biomass .
lichens , particularly encrusting forms , are the most prominent plants , dominant in many communities and [giving] the highest biomass .

Aleksandrova divides each tundra subregion latitudinally into northern and southern zones , providing four belts of progressive floristic enrichment and diversity within the tundra biome .
aleksandrova divides each tundra subregion latitudinally into northern and southern zones , [giving] four belts of progressive floristic enrichment and diversity within the tundra biome .

Ponds and lakes form in poorly-drained rolling country , accumulating debris and nutrients , freezing partially or completely in winter but providing a limited habitat for plants and animals in summer .
ponds and lakes form in poorly-drained rolling country , accumulating debris and nutrients , freezing partially or completely in winter but [giving] a limited habitat for plants and animals in summer .

They carry heavy loads of sediment , abandoning it along their course and in extensive deltas ; the finer deposits are often colonized by vegetation , providing some of the richest and most productive communities in the tundra mosaics .
they carry heavy loads of sediment , abandoning it along their course and in extensive deltas ; the finer deposits are often colonized by vegetation , [giving] some of the richest and most productive communities in the tundra mosaics .

They form a barrier that isolates the sea surface from the atmosphere and reflects away solar radiation , but they are also important biological habitats , supporting a distinctive microbiota , providing shelter for planktonic animals , and forming a floating platform on which birds settle and seals breed .
they form a barrier that isolates the sea surface from the atmosphere and reflects away solar radiation , but they are also important biological habitats , supporting a distinctive microbiota , [giving] shelter for planktonic animals , and forming a floating platform on which birds settle and seals breed .

Northern fur seals have for centuries been exploited commercially on the Pribilov and other islands in the Bering Sea ; since 1911 stocks have been managed and exploitation limited under international agreement , providing a rare example of successful management of an international resource ( Young , 1981 ; Gulland , 1974 ) .
northern fur seals have for centuries been exploited commercially on the pribilov and other islands in the bering sea ; since 1911 stocks have been managed and exploitation limited under international agreement , [giving] a rare example of successful management of an international resource ( young , 1981 ; gulland , 1974 ) .

It covers fisheries , marine mammals and other resources within EEZs , providing for stocks that are shared by neighbouring states .
it covers fisheries , marine mammals and other resources within eezs , [giving] for stocks that are shared by neighbouring states .

The Lift moves up and down the Bridge , reacting to the stimulus of local magnetic field strength , riding the isogonal contours and providing information to the feedback mechanisms which direct its movement .
the lift moves up and down the bridge , reacting to the stimulus of local magnetic field strength , riding the isogonal contours and [giving] information to the feedback mechanisms which direct its movement .

Asking questions is one of the most powerful tools at the teacher 's disposal for establishing the nature and extent of a child 's understanding ; providing feedback is a necessary way of registering whether the understanding is correct or complete .
asking questions is one of the most powerful tools at the teacher 's disposal for establishing the nature and extent of a child 's understanding ; [giving] feedback is a necessary way of registering whether the understanding is correct or complete .

While some heads saw progressivism as providing a basic recipe for primary practice in any context , others admitted to having their ‘ philosophy ’ shaped more by the particular social and cultural circumstances within which they worked , especially the backgrounds of the children and the attitudes and expectations of their parents .
while some heads saw progressivism as [giving] a basic recipe for primary practice in any context , others admitted to having their ‘ philosophy ’ shaped more by the particular social and cultural circumstances within which they worked , especially the backgrounds of the children and the attitudes and expectations of their parents .

‘ By providing a large number of points where decisions are taken by people of different political persuasions and different backgrounds , it acts as a counterweight to the uniformity inherent in government decisions .
‘ by [giving] a large number of points where decisions are taken by people of different political persuasions and different backgrounds , it acts as a counterweight to the uniformity inherent in government decisions .

If local authority members are responsible for providing services but do not have to go to their own electorate to raise the money to pay for the services , they have less incentive to make effective use of these funds .
if local authority members are responsible for [giving] services but do not have to go to their own electorate to raise the money to pay for the services , they have less incentive to make effective use of these funds .

They ignore the efficiency gains that flow from providing the services which the taxation makes possible ( see Chapters 2 and 3 ) .
they ignore the efficiency gains that flow from [giving] the services which the taxation makes possible ( see chapters 2 and 3 ) .

Many were closed , but local authorities began pressing government to permit them to charge and reduce the cost of providing the new nurseries that did continue .
many were closed , but local authorities began pressing government to permit them to charge and reduce the cost of [giving] the new nurseries that did continue .

Many authorities had to respond by modernising their service and providing quick self-service and more popular food .
many authorities had to respond by modernising their service and [giving] quick self-service and more popular food .

The first is that the donations that would be made would go to charitable social service agencies providing for the same groups as statutory agencies .
the first is that the donations that would be made would go to charitable social service agencies [giving] for the same groups as statutory agencies .

If they do come in and give a computer or prevent the school library closing by providing books , may the council not simply take the opportunity to make more cuts in the hope that the parents will pay up ?
if they do come in and give a computer or prevent the school library closing by [giving] books , may the council not simply take the opportunity to make more cuts in the hope that the parents will pay up ?

The committee argued that the two main agents for providing social care were the state , local and national , and the ‘ informal ’ sector , families and individuals helping one another .
the committee argued that the two main agents for [giving] social care were the state , local and national , and the ‘ informal ’ sector , families and individuals helping one another .

Contracts would be made on a competitive basis with the hospital providing the ‘ best buy ’ .
contracts would be made on a competitive basis with the hospital [giving] the ‘ best buy ’ .

There appear to be four main Soviet categories for Latin American regimes : ( i ) ‘ revolutionary democratic ’ states or ( a label rarely applied ) states of ‘ socialist orientation ’ , such as post-1979 Nicaragua and 1979–83 Grenada ; ( ii ) capitalist , yet ‘ progressive ’ and ‘ anti-imperialist regimes which are willing to be friendly to the Soviet Union and stand up to the United States , such as Mexico and panama ( particularly under General Omar Torrijos ( 1969–81 ) , who negotiated a treaty with the Carter administration providing for complete Panamanian sovereignty over the Canal by 1999 , a campaign that was strongly supported by Moscow ) .
there appear to be four main soviet categories for latin american regimes : ( i ) ‘ revolutionary democratic ’ states or ( a label rarely applied ) states of ‘ socialist orientation ’ , such as post-1979 nicaragua and 1979–83 grenada ; ( ii ) capitalist , yet ‘ progressive ’ and ‘ anti-imperialist regimes which are willing to be friendly to the soviet union and stand up to the united states , such as mexico and panama ( particularly under general omar torrijos ( 1969–81 ) , who negotiated a treaty with the carter administration [giving] for complete panamanian sovereignty over the canal by 1999 , a campaign that was strongly supported by moscow ) .

This was the backdrop to a rising tide of anti-trade-union sentiment and pressure by the media and employers culminating in the passing of the Labor-Management Relations Act 1947 ( the Taft-Hartley Act ) , which purported to recreate a more equitable balance of power between unions and management by prohibiting certain unfair practices by the former and providing specific rules for handling large strike which , in the president 's view , constituted national emergencies .
this was the backdrop to a rising tide of anti-trade-union sentiment and pressure by the media and employers culminating in the passing of the labor-management relations act 1947 ( the taft-hartley act ) , which purported to recreate a more equitable balance of power between unions and management by prohibiting certain unfair practices by the former and [giving] specific rules for handling large strike which , in the president 's view , constituted national emergencies .

However , under conditions of social instability where the individual 's deteriorating ‘ life circumstances ’ generate acute feelings of anxiety , sport may be incapable of providing adequate relief .
however , under conditions of social instability where the individual 's deteriorating ‘ life circumstances ’ generate acute feelings of anxiety , sport may be incapable of [giving] adequate relief .

The game of soccer is an ideal vehicle for acts of collective aggression , guaranteeing encounters between rival groups of supporters and providing emotive issues which serve as rallying points for aggressive behaviour .
the game of soccer is an ideal vehicle for acts of collective aggression , guaranteeing encounters between rival groups of supporters and [giving] emotive issues which serve as rallying points for aggressive behaviour .

As usual , Dexter judged that Blanche — despite her misgivings — had performed well at the press conference , providing enough information to keep the newspapers happy without compromising the investigation .
as usual , dexter judged that blanche — despite her misgivings — had performed well at the press conference , [giving] enough information to keep the newspapers happy without compromising the investigation .

Carr-Hill and Stern ( 1979 ) are usually quoted as providing clear evidence that unemployment and crime are not related .
carr-hill and stern ( 1979 ) are usually quoted as [giving] clear evidence that unemployment and crime are not related .

Lord Scarman ( 1981 ) , in providing the social background to the Brixton disorders of 10–12 April 1981 , was at pains to point out that deprivations do not justify attacks on the police or excuse such disorders .
lord scarman ( 1981 ) , in [giving] the social background to the brixton disorders of 10–12 april 1981 , was at pains to point out that deprivations do not justify attacks on the police or excuse such disorders .

The probation service would supervise the order , ‘ but would not itself be responsible for providing all the elements ’ .
the probation service would supervise the order , ‘ but would not itself be responsible for [giving] all the elements ’ .

to take responsibility for the arrangements for punishment in the community and providing services through contracts with other organisations . ( ibid , p. 18 )
to take responsibility for the arrangements for punishment in the community and [giving] services through contracts with other organisations . ( ibid , p. 18 )

Abbey National continues to break ground fast in the service and products offered to some ten million investors and two million borrowers , providing , in the words of its mission statement , ‘ excellence and value in meeting personal financial needs ’ .
abbey national continues to break ground fast in the service and products offered to some ten million investors and two million borrowers , [giving] , in the words of its mission statement , ‘ excellence and value in meeting personal financial needs ’ .

In addition , Portman recommends that for complete peace of mind borrowers should take its Mortgage Care policy providing cover against accident , sickness and redundancy .
in addition , portman recommends that for complete peace of mind borrowers should take its mortgage care policy [giving] cover against accident , sickness and redundancy .

Bus services are close by , whilst access to the ring road providing fast communications around Oxford is readily available , being just 1 mile distant .
bus services are close by , whilst access to the ring road [giving] fast communications around oxford is readily available , being just 1 mile distant .

The property is set back from the road behind a neat foregarden with tarmacadam driveway providing car parking on site and leading to the front entrance .
the property is set back from the road behind a neat foregarden with tarmacadam driveway [giving] car parking on site and leading to the front entrance .

Having electric light point and providing very useful storage space .
having electric light point and [giving] very useful storage space .

Measuring 12′6″ × 7′6″ having door to master bedroom and providing alternative use as dressing room or potential en-suite .
measuring 12′6″ × 7′6″ having door to master bedroom and [giving] alternative use as dressing room or potential en-suite .

Having coat hooks , electric light and providing substantial storage space .
having coat hooks , electric light and [giving] substantial storage space .

Having double doors to the front , pedestrian doors to the rear and providing useful over head storage
having double doors to the front , pedestrian doors to the rear and [giving] useful over head storage

Club Link organises weekly golf days for its members , providing regular social golf with the added benefit of competition play , something non-club golfers can not enjoy elsewhere .
club link organises weekly golf days for its members , [giving] regular social golf with the added benefit of competition play , something non-club golfers can not enjoy elsewhere .

However , apart from providing good quality pain relief , an epidural may be necessary in the case of difficulties such as inductions and multiple births .
however , apart from [giving] good quality pain relief , an epidural may be necessary in the case of difficulties such as inductions and multiple births .

Only one entry is allowed per form , but a competitor may send in any number of entries providing each entry is on an entry form from Parents magazine .
only one entry is allowed per form , but a competitor may send in any number of entries [giving] each entry is on an entry form from parents magazine .

Do n't worry too much about providing her with a healthy diet for the time being — the strangest combinations of food can provide an adequate intake of nutrients and children can be perfectly healthy on remarkably little .
do n't worry too much about [giving] her with a healthy diet for the time being — the strangest combinations of food can provide an adequate intake of nutrients and children can be perfectly healthy on remarkably little .

The purpose of the meeting is to encourage a multidisciplinary discussion of the problems associated with the use of subsymbolic and symbolic approaches to the design and implementation of models of cognition . This will be done by providing a forum for the :
the purpose of the meeting is to encourage a multidisciplinary discussion of the problems associated with the use of subsymbolic and symbolic approaches to the design and implementation of models of cognition . this will be done by [giving] a forum for the :

The very recent emergence of such dual technique products is providing the credit marketer with a system which combines the strengths of lifestyle and geodemographic/financial direct marketing methods , whilst avoiding the potential pitfalls .
the very recent emergence of such dual technique products is [giving] the credit marketer with a system which combines the strengths of lifestyle and geodemographic/financial direct marketing methods , whilst avoiding the potential pitfalls .

Farm incomes averaged as little as £442 per annum , but were regarded as providing ‘ a useful — even essential — supplement to other non-farming sources of income ’ .
farm incomes averaged as little as £442 per annum , but were regarded as [giving] ‘ a useful — even essential — supplement to other non-farming sources of income ’ .

At the present time , 27 colleges are providing courses , with a record enrolment of 690 students .
at the present time , 27 colleges are [giving] courses , with a record enrolment of 690 students .

The system is one in which the institutions compete for students on the basis of prices , and the Universities Funding Council has produced a detailed list of guide prices , banded to take account of the varying costs of providing courses in different subject areas .
the system is one in which the institutions compete for students on the basis of prices , and the universities funding council has produced a detailed list of guide prices , banded to take account of the varying costs of [giving] courses in different subject areas .

In 1990 they considerably more than doubled and further increases are planned for 1991 and subsequent years until they approach the full cost of providing courses .
in 1990 they considerably more than doubled and further increases are planned for 1991 and subsequent years until they approach the full cost of [giving] courses .

Local authorities are thus seen as ‘ enablers ’ — designing , organising and purchasing non-health care services rather than providing them directly . In greater detail , local authority social services departments would be responsible for :
local authorities are thus seen as ‘ enablers ’ — designing , organising and purchasing non-health care services rather than [giving] them directly . in greater detail , local authority social services departments would be responsible for :

The White Paper , while not excluding local authority provision , stresses the need for actively supporting the private and voluntary sectors : ‘ The statutory sector will continue to play an important role in backing up , developing and monitoring private and voluntary care facilities , and providing services where this remains the best way of meeting those needs .
the white paper , while not excluding local authority provision , stresses the need for actively supporting the private and voluntary sectors : ‘ the statutory sector will continue to play an important role in backing up , developing and monitoring private and voluntary care facilities , and [giving] services where this remains the best way of meeting those needs .

While part of friendship is caring about each other to a greater or lesser degree , caring for one another is not an element inherent in the routine organization of friendship … the majority of routine friendships are not particularly well suited for providing the sort of caring community care entails , notwithstanding the friendship ideals that might make one think they would be .
while part of friendship is caring about each other to a greater or lesser degree , caring for one another is not an element inherent in the routine organization of friendship … the majority of routine friendships are not particularly well suited for [giving] the sort of caring community care entails , notwithstanding the friendship ideals that might make one think they would be .

Neighbours are useful in emergencies and they provide help in countless small ways , such as shopping , taking in deliveries , admitting tradesmen , providing transport and looking after each other 's children for short periods .
neighbours are useful in emergencies and they provide help in countless small ways , such as shopping , taking in deliveries , admitting tradesmen , [giving] transport and looking after each other 's children for short periods .

Scotland 's major canals were built across the country to link the western and eastern coasts providing a route which was safer and shorter than the sea passage around the northern coast .
scotland 's major canals were built across the country to link the western and eastern coasts [giving] a route which was safer and shorter than the sea passage around the northern coast .

Although canal bridges all perform the function of providing access across water , they come in a host of shapes and sizes and are made from many different materials .
although canal bridges all perform the function of [giving] access across water , they come in a host of shapes and sizes and are made from many different materials .

Providing garden lighting does n't have to be difficult or expensive , but permanent mains-voltage fittings should be professionally installed .
[giving] garden lighting does n't have to be difficult or expensive , but permanent mains-voltage fittings should be professionally installed .

It is now run by a local catering college providing a very friendly service with limited but tasty dishes ranging from an English breakfast platter to good old jacket potatoes ( well filled ) or steak butty .
it is now run by a local catering college [giving] a very friendly service with limited but tasty dishes ranging from an english breakfast platter to good old jacket potatoes ( well filled ) or steak butty .

Dennis is personally providing a free pack with a poster , stickers , sponsor forms , and lots of fun ideas on how to take part .
dennis is personally [giving] a free pack with a poster , stickers , sponsor forms , and lots of fun ideas on how to take part .

Ontario 's two hundred Provincial Parks are all accessible by car , the wild beauty of Algonquin providing canoeing , camping and fishing only 3½ hours North East out of the big city .
ontario 's two hundred provincial parks are all accessible by car , the wild beauty of algonquin [giving] canoeing , camping and fishing only 3½ hours north east out of the big city .

Health authorities will be funded according to the size of their local population , with allowances for their age and health , and the relative cost of providing services for them .
health authorities will be funded according to the size of their local population , with allowances for their age and health , and the relative cost of [giving] services for them .

Ancient marble columns and building blocks are scattered throughout the village , providing a doorstep here , a lintel there , or perhaps a few mooring posts .
ancient marble columns and building blocks are scattered throughout the village , [giving] a doorstep here , a lintel there , or perhaps a few mooring posts .

Students will pay only 20 % of the Community Charge providing they are undertaking a full time course of higher education .
students will pay only 20 % of the community charge [giving] they are undertaking a full time course of higher education .

a leaflet from Oxfordshire County Council providing information on it 's financial plans
a leaflet from oxfordshire county council [giving] information on it 's financial plans

Will continue to create local job through providing grants and premises .
will continue to create local job through [giving] grants and premises .

Providing more pelican crossings , cycle lanes and residents ' parking schemes .
[giving] more pelican crossings , cycle lanes and residents ' parking schemes .

We hope and believe that this , the second of six local offices will prove successful in providing the service that city council tenants want and deserve .
we hope and believe that this , the second of six local offices will prove successful in [giving] the service that city council tenants want and deserve .

Headington Community Education Committee seeks to respond to local needs and interests by providing a wide range of educational opportunities for people of all ages .
headington community education committee seeks to respond to local needs and interests by [giving] a wide range of educational opportunities for people of all ages .

it should apply to all those providing credit
it should apply to all those [giving] credit

‘ Apart from providing us with key data about the tangible net worth , pre-tax profitability and borrowings of each account , we have shared the CreditScan information with our sales and marketing colleagues .
‘ apart from [giving] us with key data about the tangible net worth , pre-tax profitability and borrowings of each account , we have shared the creditscan information with our sales and marketing colleagues .

Yet at the time the report was released , the actual company that was used as the basis for the research had been trading for five months and is coping well with a difficult launch period and providing to be highly successful in meeting its targets .
yet at the time the report was released , the actual company that was used as the basis for the research had been trading for five months and is coping well with a difficult launch period and [giving] to be highly successful in meeting its targets .

In this article , we have discussed the ways in which credit managers can , by providing key information , contribute to more effective decision-making and control in an area of critical importance to many firms .
in this article , we have discussed the ways in which credit managers can , by [giving] key information , contribute to more effective decision-making and control in an area of critical importance to many firms .

The Historic Voters Roll will address this problem by providing a mechanism to confirm the existence of any supplied address , irrespective of whether an elector is currently registered there .
the historic voters roll will address this problem by [giving] a mechanism to confirm the existence of any supplied address , irrespective of whether an elector is currently registered there .

Anna Coombes realised that the growing of healthy plants is much less a question of eliminating pests and diseases with chemicals than of providing optimum conditions for growth .
anna coombes realised that the growing of healthy plants is much less a question of eliminating pests and diseases with chemicals than of [giving] optimum conditions for growth .

Visitor centres are now in place in many prisons around the country , providing counselling , crèche facilities and general information for families .
visitor centres are now in place in many prisons around the country , [giving] counselling , crèche facilities and general information for families .

‘ They are making the right noises about providing them , and each year the budget gets bigger .
‘ they are making the right noises about [giving] them , and each year the budget gets bigger .

There are councils which are not anti-detectorists at all and allow free detecting , providing not justifiable complaints are made .
there are councils which are not anti-detectorists at all and allow free detecting , [giving] not justifiable complaints are made .

So she has to find another way of providing music for the midnight service .
so she has to find another way of [giving] music for the midnight service .

This evolution may itself have the potential to alter Britain 's geography , through providing built-in advantages for some occupations and places and relative disadvantages for others .
this evolution may itself have the potential to alter britain 's geography , through [giving] built-in advantages for some occupations and places and relative disadvantages for others .

Far from the state sanctioning male vice by providing men of the forces with a clean supply of women , it was claimed that the acts were essentially moral in aim and intention .
far from the state sanctioning male vice by [giving] men of the forces with a clean supply of women , it was claimed that the acts were essentially moral in aim and intention .

They were dangerous and hypocritical , providing a fertile breeding-ground for evil .
they were dangerous and hypocritical , [giving] a fertile breeding-ground for evil .

As the Swann Report says ( again with reference to Multicultural Education ) , ‘ It is important to recognise however that permeation alone can not be regarded as providing adequate provision for the kind of teaching which we have advocated … .
as the swann report says ( again with reference to multicultural education ) , ‘ it is important to recognise however that permeation alone can not be regarded as [giving] adequate provision for the kind of teaching which we have advocated … .

Those local education authorities which have begun seriously to seek a place in the curriculum of their schools for locally-used languages have in many cases to be content with providing their own in-service training on a relatively ad hoc basis .
those local education authorities which have begun seriously to seek a place in the curriculum of their schools for locally-used languages have in many cases to be content with [giving] their own in-service training on a relatively ad hoc basis .

the development of a range of provision for bilingual students with particular emphasis on providing language support for students on mainstream courses .
the development of a range of provision for bilingual students with particular emphasis on [giving] language support for students on mainstream courses .

The participants included five practising teachers of different community languages working in different parts of the country in secondary , further and adult education ; two coordinators of community language teaching teams from Bradford and Slough , as well as a local authority inspector with a brief in this discipline ; mainstream language teachers of various subjects , including foreign languages and English , as well as one teacher with a role of community liaison ; and teachers attached to units providing instruction in English as a Second Language .
the participants included five practising teachers of different community languages working in different parts of the country in secondary , further and adult education ; two coordinators of community language teaching teams from bradford and slough , as well as a local authority inspector with a brief in this discipline ; mainstream language teachers of various subjects , including foreign languages and english , as well as one teacher with a role of community liaison ; and teachers attached to units [giving] instruction in english as a second language .

Firstly , it was not entirely unexpected that giant multinational German companies would be committed to providing a comprehensive language training service .
firstly , it was not entirely unexpected that giant multinational german companies would be committed to [giving] a comprehensive language training service .

Unwin next joined the Tudor Walters committee of enquiry , providing a major contribution .
unwin next joined the tudor walters committee of enquiry , [giving] a major contribution .

Public utility societies and cooperative schemes , which had previously seemed to offer perfectly viable means of providing housing , were discounted in favour of housing by local authorities .
public utility societies and cooperative schemes , which had previously seemed to offer perfectly viable means of [giving] housing , were discounted in favour of housing by local authorities .

The inefficiency of State power in regulating development and in providing guidance for the future was compared unfavourably with more adaptive private market intelligence .
the inefficiency of state power in regulating development and in [giving] guidance for the future was compared unfavourably with more adaptive private market intelligence .

They are still there today , providing a dramatic illustration of the Victorians ' perception of the past .
they are still there today , [giving] a dramatic illustration of the victorians ' perception of the past .

Chambers discussed the fossil record in the hope of providing evidence for a generally progressive trend in the history of life , but his strategy depended upon distancing his theory from Lamarckism .
chambers discussed the fossil record in the hope of [giving] evidence for a generally progressive trend in the history of life , but his strategy depended upon distancing his theory from lamarckism .

At the same time many states established land grant colleges providing instruction in the practical sciences and promoting research in areas of economic value .
at the same time many states established land grant colleges [giving] instruction in the practical sciences and promoting research in areas of economic value .

Physiology was the model of an experimental science , providing a source of materialist theories coupled with the prestige of a high-technology , interventionist study of life .
physiology was the model of an experimental science , [giving] a source of materialist theories coupled with the prestige of a high-technology , interventionist study of life .

By the late nineteenth century , paleontologists were becoming increasingly aware of this phenomenon and ( in the absence of a theory of continental drift ) were postulating temporary ‘ land-bridges ’ between the continents , which were raised and lowered by geological forces , providing migration routes in some epochs and not in others .
by the late nineteenth century , paleontologists were becoming increasingly aware of this phenomenon and ( in the absence of a theory of continental drift ) were postulating temporary ‘ land-bridges ’ between the continents , which were raised and lowered by geological forces , [giving] migration routes in some epochs and not in others .

They were less intelligent , but more sympathetic , providing the glue that held the family together .
they were less intelligent , but more sympathetic , [giving] the glue that held the family together .

Each specialized trade was like an organ within an animal 's body , providing a function that benefited the whole and depending on the continued existence of the whole for its own survival .
each specialized trade was like an organ within an animal 's body , [giving] a function that benefited the whole and depending on the continued existence of the whole for its own survival .

The possibility that natural communities could be visualized in similar terms occurred to many biologists in the later decades of the century , thus providing an incentive to study the interactions upon which the whole network depended .
the possibility that natural communities could be visualized in similar terms occurred to many biologists in the later decades of the century , thus [giving] an incentive to study the interactions upon which the whole network depended .

The strip lights flickered again , providing the faintest luminescence .
the strip lights flickered again , [giving] the faintest luminescence .

As this dream-man called Duvall advanced towards him in slow motion , Jimmy 's dream-brain raced , providing answers with utter certainty .
as this dream-man called duvall advanced towards him in slow motion , jimmy 's dream-brain raced , [giving] answers with utter certainty .

The funeral ritual is particularly important in providing an end point .
the funeral ritual is particularly important in [giving] an end point .

Notwithstanding the Working Party 's efforts to clarify and simplify the problem of providing protection against fire in high-bay warehouses it must be made clear that the subject is one where there is a significant difference of opinion amongst experts as to the most effective method .
notwithstanding the working party 's efforts to clarify and simplify the problem of [giving] protection against fire in high-bay warehouses it must be made clear that the subject is one where there is a significant difference of opinion amongst experts as to the most effective method .

2.4 Powered Live-Storage ( Block Storage ) with Automatic Stacker-Crane Providing In-Feed and Out-Feed
2.4 powered live-storage ( block storage ) with automatic stacker-crane [giving] in-feed and out-feed

It would therefore be advantageous , if instead of a single main supply valve controlling an entire system , sections could be independently valved , providing control at a single point of vantage .
it would therefore be advantageous , if instead of a single main supply valve controlling an entire system , sections could be independently valved , [giving] control at a single point of vantage .

are capable of operation from ground level it may be possible to develop the means by which the progress and success of fire fighting might be judged by infra-red scanners mounted on them and providing readings or other indications to the control point .
are capable of operation from ground level it may be possible to develop the means by which the progress and success of fire fighting might be judged by infra-red scanners mounted on them and [giving] readings or other indications to the control point .

The advantages of providing suitable extinguishers in lifts which are normally for the retrieval of goods has already been mentioned .
the advantages of [giving] suitable extinguishers in lifts which are normally for the retrieval of goods has already been mentioned .

However , the location of smoke detectors in racks , whilst providing an alarm , will be less effective in pin-pointing the exact location of the incident due to the vagaries of travel of smoke plumes from smouldering fires .
however , the location of smoke detectors in racks , whilst [giving] an alarm , will be less effective in pin-pointing the exact location of the incident due to the vagaries of travel of smoke plumes from smouldering fires .

Invariably sprinklers systems protecting high-bay warehouses will require pumped water supplies drawing from suction tanks providing ninety minutes supply .
invariably sprinklers systems protecting high-bay warehouses will require pumped water supplies drawing from suction tanks [giving] ninety minutes supply .

Far from providing a new kind of experience and ‘ meaning ’ , at bottom ( on Gellner 's view ) these counter-cultures depended on the existence of mainstream society and culture for their critiques to have any purchase .
far from [giving] a new kind of experience and ‘ meaning ’ , at bottom ( on gellner 's view ) these counter-cultures depended on the existence of mainstream society and culture for their critiques to have any purchase .

It is , surely , a way of giving legitimacy to what we say or do , of providing some kind of backing or security .
it is , surely , a way of giving legitimacy to what we say or do , of [giving] some kind of backing or security .

That being so , their continuing participation in their programme of studies represents a contract between them and the providing institution .
that being so , their continuing participation in their programme of studies represents a contract between them and the [giving] institution .

Admittedly , providing these essential conditions for the students ' growth will not by itself ensure that the sought-for maturation takes place .
admittedly , [giving] these essential conditions for the students ' growth will not by itself ensure that the sought-for maturation takes place .

But if it were simply a matter of providing skills to make their students more employable , that would be a much more dubious enterprise .
but if it were simply a matter of [giving] skills to make their students more employable , that would be a much more dubious enterprise .

If the answer is no to even one of the above then the product is not truly providing a replacement for the layout artist , that 's the human who normally does page makeup .
if the answer is no to even one of the above then the product is not truly [giving] a replacement for the layout artist , that 's the human who normally does page makeup .

In some applications the infra red sources and detectors are placed around the edge of the visual display unit , a cheaper method of providing an interactive screen than embedding touch pads into the glass .
in some applications the infra red sources and detectors are placed around the edge of the visual display unit , a cheaper method of [giving] an interactive screen than embedding touch pads into the glass .

PageMaker defaults to providing ‘ Automatic ’ leading and that 's what many users always stick to on the assumption that PageMaker knows best .
pagemaker defaults to [giving] ‘ automatic ’ leading and that 's what many users always stick to on the assumption that pagemaker knows best .

In PageMaker this is easy ( providing you remember to use Top of Caps leading ) but in Ventura and Quark it can be a bit of a problem .
in pagemaker this is easy ( [giving] you remember to use top of caps leading ) but in ventura and quark it can be a bit of a problem .

developed from Xerox research ( like just about everything else we take for granted in desktop publishing ) these are a method of providing user control over software without cluttering up the screen with text .
developed from xerox research ( like just about everything else we take for granted in desktop publishing ) these are a method of [giving] user control over software without cluttering up the screen with text .

For straight text this is generally acceptable but there are inevitable problems with providing special drivers while 300dpi is really too low a starting point anyway .
for straight text this is generally acceptable but there are inevitable problems with [giving] special drivers while 300dpi is really too low a starting point anyway .

Much lively discussion took place about the future development of the product , so highlighting another vital role that the Group has to play in providing feedback to Aldus in order that the product can be developed in accordance with the needs of the users .
much lively discussion took place about the future development of the product , so highlighting another vital role that the group has to play in [giving] feedback to aldus in order that the product can be developed in accordance with the needs of the users .

Agfa has just launched a network of nine bureau round the country and there are perhaps a further dozen individual set-ups currently operating , many as part of an existing desktop publishing bureau and so capable of providing assistance with the overall design of the presentation .
agfa has just launched a network of nine bureau round the country and there are perhaps a further dozen individual set-ups currently operating , many as part of an existing desktop publishing bureau and so capable of [giving] assistance with the overall design of the presentation .

The software houses have realised that the skills are not present , nor are they likely to be , and have compensated for this by providing either sample templates with the programs or even cut-down versions that only allow text to be entered into a pre-defined design .
the software houses have realised that the skills are not present , nor are they likely to be , and have compensated for this by [giving] either sample templates with the programs or even cut-down versions that only allow text to be entered into a pre-defined design .

Some vendors are promising that they will provide it on their own , others such as Quark are linking to specific vendors ( Scitex in this case ) while still others such as Aldus are merely providing an open interface to anyone who cares to take their files on board .
some vendors are promising that they will provide it on their own , others such as quark are linking to specific vendors ( scitex in this case ) while still others such as aldus are merely [giving] an open interface to anyone who cares to take their files on board .

The idea of producing quality documents from a 24-pin dot matrix printer may seem strange but it is possible providing the user does n't try to emulate the capabilities of a more expensive systems .
the idea of producing quality documents from a 24-pin dot matrix printer may seem strange but it is possible [giving] the user does n't try to emulate the capabilities of a more expensive systems .

Similarly , resistance based on work groups is also usually informal , although it shows a degree of organisation in the sense of providing a collective response even if not a pre-planned one .
similarly , resistance based on work groups is also usually informal , although it shows a degree of organisation in the sense of [giving] a collective response even if not a pre-planned one .

providing feedback information on progress ;
[giving] feedback information on progress ;

providing adequate coordination and communication mechanisms ;
[giving] adequate coordination and communication mechanisms ;

Organising This involves the establishment of a structure of tasks which need to be performed to achieve the goals of the organisation , grouping these tasks into jobs for an individual , creating groups of jobs within sections and departments , delegating authority to carry out the jobs , and providing systems of information and communication , and for the coordination of activities within the organisation .
organising this involves the establishment of a structure of tasks which need to be performed to achieve the goals of the organisation , grouping these tasks into jobs for an individual , creating groups of jobs within sections and departments , delegating authority to carry out the jobs , and [giving] systems of information and communication , and for the coordination of activities within the organisation .

By providing leadership , a manager should be able to use the capabilities of subordinates to better effect , ie leadership is the ‘ influential increment over and above mechanical compliance with the routine directives of the organisation ’ ( Katz and Kahn : The Social Psychology of Organisations ) .
by [giving] leadership , a manager should be able to use the capabilities of subordinates to better effect , ie leadership is the ‘ influential increment over and above mechanical compliance with the routine directives of the organisation ’ ( katz and kahn : the social psychology of organisations ) .

every business exists to carry out certain activities such as manufacturing and selling motor cars , providing retail services , providing telecommunications services , etc .
every business exists to carry out certain activities such as manufacturing and selling motor cars , [giving] retail services , [giving] telecommunications services , etc .

As an example , a partnership of solicitors might be formed with the objective of making profits but with the object of providing legal services .
as an example , a partnership of solicitors might be formed with the objective of making profits but with the object of [giving] legal services .

By providing them with detailed information they should be less likely to offer impractical advice .
by [giving] them with detailed information they should be less likely to offer impractical advice .

hospitals , local government , railways , public utilities ) , a bureaucratic organisation will probably be most suitable for providing , monitoring and controlling the required level of service .
hospitals , local government , railways , public utilities ) , a bureaucratic organisation will probably be most suitable for [giving] , monitoring and controlling the required level of service .

Modern large-scale organisations produce the goods and services of our material life , and the problems of providing these benefits efficiently affect all of society .
modern large-scale organisations produce the goods and services of our material life , and the problems of [giving] these benefits efficiently affect all of society .

The main constructive effort in providing for the future leisure activities of this national has been by Spanish and other Mediterranean resort countries , and predictably they have been the gainers .
the main constructive effort in [giving] for the future leisure activities of this national has been by spanish and other mediterranean resort countries , and predictably they have been the gainers .

The present level of oil tax revenue will build about a million hotel rooms per year , providing really excellent facilities of the standard expected by overseas visitors to our country .
the present level of oil tax revenue will build about a million hotel rooms per year , [giving] really excellent facilities of the standard expected by overseas visitors to our country .

As his health recovered , he resumed his fieldwork , making important new discoveries in the geology of the midlands , Shropshire , and north Wales , and providing advice to the second royal coal commission ( 1902–5 ) and on foundations and water supply .
as his health recovered , he resumed his fieldwork , making important new discoveries in the geology of the midlands , shropshire , and north wales , and [giving] advice to the second royal coal commission ( 1902–5 ) and on foundations and water supply .

Increasingly , the monarchy was involved in courtly display , and it was as the administrator of such functions that Cawarden was to win fame , providing costumes for men and horses and complicated scenic devices .
increasingly , the monarchy was involved in courtly display , and it was as the administrator of such functions that cawarden was to win fame , [giving] costumes for men and horses and complicated scenic devices .

He held this post until 1639 , and was involved in the construction of Hobson 's conduit , or ‘ the new river ’ , providing a water supply for his own and Christ 's College .
he held this post until 1639 , and was involved in the construction of hobson 's conduit , or ‘ the new river ’ , [giving] a water supply for his own and christ 's college .

His distinctive style emerged in Spare Time ( 1939 ) , an impression of leisure activities among British working-class people , in an edited structure of countless visual details , an overlapping sound track providing continuity .
his distinctive style emerged in spare time ( 1939 ) , an impression of leisure activities among british working-class people , in an edited structure of countless visual details , an overlapping sound track [giving] continuity .

Iron founding soon became their main interest , with the railway boom at first providing a rapidly expanding market .
iron founding soon became their main interest , with the railway boom at first [giving] a rapidly expanding market .

With regard to Italy , he had hopes of providing espiscopacy to the Waldensians , but they did not want it , and his dream of a non-papal Catholicism in northern Italy came to nothing .
with regard to italy , he had hopes of [giving] espiscopacy to the waldensians , but they did not want it , and his dream of a non-papal catholicism in northern italy came to nothing .

Sykes was also responsible for many other signalling and safety devices , including depression or fouling bars interlocked with signals , thus providing valuable protection against these inadvertently being set to allow the passage of a train if other trains were obstructing its path .
sykes was also responsible for many other signalling and safety devices , including depression or fouling bars interlocked with signals , thus [giving] valuable protection against these inadvertently being set to allow the passage of a train if other trains were obstructing its path .

In a series of striking phrases he described a theory of emotional development which highlights the role of the ‘ ordinary devoted mother ’ in providing a facilitating environment as the basis for growth and development and for later emotional stability .
in a series of striking phrases he described a theory of emotional development which highlights the role of the ‘ ordinary devoted mother ’ in [giving] a facilitating environment as the basis for growth and development and for later emotional stability .

It was after the Revolution that Gould first came to prominence when he became one of the largest suppliers of hemp , pitch , and tar to the Royal Navy ; and in this capacity , immediately before the War of the Spanish Succession , he played an important part in providing the navy with Russian hemp from Archangel in place of the supplies that could no longer be obtained from Riga ( beleaguered by the Russians ) .
it was after the revolution that gould first came to prominence when he became one of the largest suppliers of hemp , pitch , and tar to the royal navy ; and in this capacity , immediately before the war of the spanish succession , he played an important part in [giving] the navy with russian hemp from archangel in place of the supplies that could no longer be obtained from riga ( beleaguered by the russians ) .

Smith was a leading figure in the local and national movement to promote technical education , beginning with the provision of a new Mechanics ' Institute in Keighley in 1870 — he was secretary of the building committee — and continuing , after a formative visit to France , Germany , and Switzerland in 1872 , with the setting up of an associated ‘ trade school ’ , providing technical and art classes .
smith was a leading figure in the local and national movement to promote technical education , beginning with the provision of a new mechanics ' institute in keighley in 1870 — he was secretary of the building committee — and continuing , after a formative visit to france , germany , and switzerland in 1872 , with the setting up of an associated ‘ trade school ’ , [giving] technical and art classes .

, lord mayor in 1709 , was a descendant of this son , providing a rare example of continuity in the mercantile élite of London .
, lord mayor in 1709 , was a descendant of this son , [giving] a rare example of continuity in the mercantile élite of london .

As castellan of Windsor ( from June 1264 ) he dragooned the local population into providing a garrison and munitions for the castle .
as castellan of windsor ( from june 1264 ) he dragooned the local population into [giving] a garrison and munitions for the castle .

That service played an important part in the economy of China , providing the government with its most reliable source of revenue and underwriting the large foreign loans upon which it was dependent .
that service played an important part in the economy of china , [giving] the government with its most reliable source of revenue and underwriting the large foreign loans upon which it was dependent .

In order to win the favour of the French king , he became a secret agent , providing political and military intelligence and maps of England and Scotland .
in order to win the favour of the french king , he became a secret agent , [giving] political and military intelligence and maps of england and scotland .

Cardiff 's policy of providing school libraries , inaugurated in 1899 , and children 's reading-halls in branch libraries , evidenced the practice of principles advocated by Ballinger in a stream of papers and pamphlets urging their educational function .
cardiff 's policy of [giving] school libraries , inaugurated in 1899 , and children 's reading-halls in branch libraries , evidenced the practice of principles advocated by ballinger in a stream of papers and pamphlets urging their educational function .

Although this particular initiative was successful in providing a community education service operated and controlled by local people , and subsidised by the local authority , it was very limited in scope .
although this particular initiative was successful in [giving] a community education service operated and controlled by local people , and subsidised by the local authority , it was very limited in scope .

As well as providing space for workshops and conferences on various social , economic and political issues as they arise , the College is developing an alternative curriculum based on the issues and problems facing men , women and youth in working-class communities throughout Northern Ireland .
as well as [giving] space for workshops and conferences on various social , economic and political issues as they arise , the college is developing an alternative curriculum based on the issues and problems facing men , women and youth in working-class communities throughout northern ireland .

The characteristic that courses for career women , courses reclaiming the curriculum on behalf of women 's history and culture , and courses providing useful knowledge and skills for women reconstituting their traditional roles have in common is the recognition that some women at least have expectations , aspirations and preoccupations which are not well catered for in the mainstream provision of adult education .
the characteristic that courses for career women , courses reclaiming the curriculum on behalf of women 's history and culture , and courses [giving] useful knowledge and skills for women reconstituting their traditional roles have in common is the recognition that some women at least have expectations , aspirations and preoccupations which are not well catered for in the mainstream provision of adult education .

On the other hand , Northern College has established the basis for a new type of working-class adult education , by providing a shared educational and residential resource for people who are active in their unions , their communities or in neighbourhood-level adult education .
on the other hand , northern college has established the basis for a new type of working-class adult education , by [giving] a shared educational and residential resource for people who are active in their unions , their communities or in neighbourhood-level adult education .

In its milder forms this can be articulated as ‘ giving people what they want ’ — in reality , providing what the lowest common denominator commercial culture dictates ; but , in a significant number of instances , the element of ‘ social control ’ is quite explicit — the refusal to allow politically controversial topics to be discussed in government or local authority funded centres , for example .
in its milder forms this can be articulated as ‘ giving people what they want ’ — in reality , [giving] what the lowest common denominator commercial culture dictates ; but , in a significant number of instances , the element of ‘ social control ’ is quite explicit — the refusal to allow politically controversial topics to be discussed in government or local authority funded centres , for example .

In addition , registration operates to protect the security holder by providing him with a certain degree of protection as to the validity and priority of his charge once it is registered ; this in turn benefits the company by enabling it to give the chargee the guarantee of such protection .
in addition , registration operates to protect the security holder by [giving] him with a certain degree of protection as to the validity and priority of his charge once it is registered ; this in turn benefits the company by enabling it to give the chargee the guarantee of such protection .

In those circumstances , it would be simpler for the prosecutor to charge violent disorder , providing that there are sufficient numbers present together .
in those circumstances , it would be simpler for the prosecutor to charge violent disorder , [giving] that there are sufficient numbers present together .

( 2 ) The persons are — ( a ) the person providing the broadcasting or cable programme service , ( b ) any person by whom the programme is produced or directed , and ( c ) any person by whom offending words or behaviour are used .
( 2 ) the persons are — ( a ) the person [giving] the broadcasting or cable programme service , ( b ) any person by whom the programme is produced or directed , and ( c ) any person by whom offending words or behaviour are used .

This finding conflicts with those of Bransford and Johnson ( 1972 ) and Dooling and Mullett ( 1973 ) who found that providing information about the theme or context of a passage after it had been presented did not improve performance , and so concluded that such information only affected the organisation carried out when the passage was memorised .
this finding conflicts with those of bransford and johnson ( 1972 ) and dooling and mullett ( 1973 ) who found that [giving] information about the theme or context of a passage after it had been presented did not improve performance , and so concluded that such information only affected the organisation carried out when the passage was memorised .

Thus , providing such information after presentation of the passage was of little assistance .
thus , [giving] such information after presentation of the passage was of little assistance .

They are also much valued as an additional source of interest in the water garden , adding colour and life to the pool and providing entertainment for old and young alike .
they are also much valued as an additional source of interest in the water garden , adding colour and life to the pool and [giving] entertainment for old and young alike .

Providing that the catfish is avoided , and no more than a total of 15 cm ( 6 in ) length fish is introduced for every 0.09 square metre ( square foot ) of the surface area of the water , excluding the marginal areas , then few problems should be encountered .
[giving] that the catfish is avoided , and no more than a total of 15 cm ( 6 in ) length fish is introduced for every 0.09 square metre ( square foot ) of the surface area of the water , excluding the marginal areas , then few problems should be encountered .

The thick bulky part of the original plant is generally of little use and should be discarded , but all the ‘ branches ’ can be planted individually to form new plants , providing that they each have a healthy terminal shoot .
the thick bulky part of the original plant is generally of little use and should be discarded , but all the ‘ branches ’ can be planted individually to form new plants , [giving] that they each have a healthy terminal shoot .

The new pool owner will almost certainly feel some concern for the waterlilies during the winter but , providing they are growing in a suitable depth of water , they will overwinter perfectly .
the new pool owner will almost certainly feel some concern for the waterlilies during the winter but , [giving] they are growing in a suitable depth of water , they will overwinter perfectly .

If these are collected before they sink and are placed in a jar of water in a cool airy place , they will start into growth much sooner , and , by providing much needed surface shade , can do much to combat the algal growth that is invariably experienced in early spring .
if these are collected before they sink and are placed in a jar of water in a cool airy place , they will start into growth much sooner , and , by [giving] much needed surface shade , can do much to combat the algal growth that is invariably experienced in early spring .

They will also be concerned with more immediate issues involving the well-being of the party or other organization providing their political base .
they will also be concerned with more immediate issues involving the well-being of the party or other organization [giving] their political base .

Processes of hiving-off , privatization and contracting out are all based on the belief that ‘ public ’ services will be provided more efficiently if those providing them have control of their own budgets and compete for contracts .
processes of hiving-off , privatization and contracting out are all based on the belief that ‘ public ’ services will be provided more efficiently if those [giving] them have control of their own budgets and compete for contracts .

Thus gender bias is built into the principles of realism , providing a partial and distorted world-view and having considerable implications for the practice of politics at the global level .
thus gender bias is built into the principles of realism , [giving] a partial and distorted world-view and having considerable implications for the practice of politics at the global level .

This argument is used particularly in discussions about the relative strengths of providing services through the public sector as against the private sector .
this argument is used particularly in discussions about the relative strengths of [giving] services through the public sector as against the private sector .

For predicting the incidence of the burden of providing resources for governmental operations .
for predicting the incidence of the burden of [giving] resources for governmental operations .

For evaluating the equity with which the burden of providing resources for governmental operations is imposed .
for evaluating the equity with which the burden of [giving] resources for governmental operations is imposed .

Since Anthony is above all concerned with highlighting the issues involved , rather than providing solutions , he then suggests the kind of specific accounting information which might satisfy the above four needs , and puts the arguments pro and con for each .
since anthony is above all concerned with highlighting the issues involved , rather than [giving] solutions , he then suggests the kind of specific accounting information which might satisfy the above four needs , and puts the arguments pro and con for each .

The fund view is flexible enough to provide the opportunity for providing this kind of ‘ additional ’ information .
the fund view is flexible enough to provide the opportunity for [giving] this kind of ‘ additional ’ information .

Obviously the problem with providing very detailed information is that financial reports become huge documents , which taken as a whole can be daunting for the reader .
obviously the problem with [giving] very detailed information is that financial reports become huge documents , which taken as a whole can be daunting for the reader .

Depreciation accounting , in that way , could be used to raise additional taxes , perhaps for the explicit purpose of providing further investment .
depreciation accounting , in that way , could be used to raise additional taxes , perhaps for the explicit purpose of [giving] further investment .

This practice continuously compares budgeted amounts with actuals and as such is providing some measure of performance against a predetermined standard .
this practice continuously compares budgeted amounts with actuals and as such is [giving] some measure of performance against a predetermined standard .

The new hydraulic piston corers ( Shackleton and Hall , 1983 ) are now providing better samples as the basis for more detailed analysis to allow a greater degree of isotopic structure and this should enable the climatic variability of the early Pleistocene to be analysed in detail comparable with that already achieved for the late Pleistocene .
the new hydraulic piston corers ( shackleton and hall , 1983 ) are now [giving] better samples as the basis for more detailed analysis to allow a greater degree of isotopic structure and this should enable the climatic variability of the early pleistocene to be analysed in detail comparable with that already achieved for the late pleistocene .

… evidence from the past has considerable potential for providing longer term perspectives for studies of current physical processes , for understanding the nature and causes of change and , above all , for understanding the magnitude of the impact of human activities on the physical environment .
… evidence from the past has considerable potential for [giving] longer term perspectives for studies of current physical processes , for understanding the nature and causes of change and , above all , for understanding the magnitude of the impact of human activities on the physical environment .

One answer to such a detailed approach has been to revitalize the notion of large-scale geomorphology for example ( Gardner and Scoging , 1983 ) but another has been to concentrate upon human activity as providing a focus centred around the central system ( p. 156 ) .
one answer to such a detailed approach has been to revitalize the notion of large-scale geomorphology for example ( gardner and scoging , 1983 ) but another has been to concentrate upon human activity as [giving] a focus centred around the central system ( p. 156 ) .

He characterizes systems analysis as being concerned with handling complexity , with identifying and understanding systemic effects , with seeking methods which are applicable to a wide range of systems classified into certain types , and with providing tools which aid planning and problem solving .
he characterizes systems analysis as being concerned with handling complexity , with identifying and understanding systemic effects , with seeking methods which are applicable to a wide range of systems classified into certain types , and with [giving] tools which aid planning and problem solving .

In climatology the system has been adopted as providing a suitable framework and appears as the introductory foundation for Causes of Climate ( Lockwood , 1979a ) , where it is argued that the application of systems theory and mathematics has completely changed the subject of climatology .
in climatology the system has been adopted as [giving] a suitable framework and appears as the introductory foundation for causes of climate ( lockwood , 1979a ) , where it is argued that the application of systems theory and mathematics has completely changed the subject of climatology .

And while to a certain extent the chairman was right that the aesthetic of art was being eroded , nonetheless a whole infrastructure of artists and those who dealt with them was being maintained and subsidized , thus providing creative freedom .
and while to a certain extent the chairman was right that the aesthetic of art was being eroded , nonetheless a whole infrastructure of artists and those who dealt with them was being maintained and subsidized , thus [giving] creative freedom .

He had a premonition that providing an ear would be a piece of cake ; it was the something else which was likely to prove complicated .
he had a premonition that [giving] an ear would be a piece of cake ; it was the something else which was likely to prove complicated .

Undercutting , polishing and pitting up to about 3 m ( 10 ft ) confirms that wind has played at least an important part in their development , while their restriction to areas of erodible sandstone providing a large amount of material for sand blasting also strongly suggests the part played by the wind .
undercutting , polishing and pitting up to about 3 m ( 10 ft ) confirms that wind has played at least an important part in their development , while their restriction to areas of erodible sandstone [giving] a large amount of material for sand blasting also strongly suggests the part played by the wind .

Providing a vision
[giving] a vision

Peters and Austin ( 1986 ) use the image of the leader as ‘ chief salesperson ’ where leadership is involved in creating an image of the organisation and symbolising what it stands for . Within the public sector we tend to think of politicians as providing the vision for the organisation , expressed in terms , depending upon the ideology of the party in power , which include :
peters and austin ( 1986 ) use the image of the leader as ‘ chief salesperson ’ where leadership is involved in creating an image of the organisation and symbolising what it stands for . within the public sector we tend to think of politicians as [giving] the vision for the organisation , expressed in terms , depending upon the ideology of the party in power , which include :

According to Herzberg ( 1966 ) , job enrichment through increasing responsibility and providing more challenging work can lead to job satisfaction .
according to herzberg ( 1966 ) , job enrichment through increasing responsibility and [giving] more challenging work can lead to job satisfaction .

the quality of service , where the feeling of providing a quality service improves morale .
the quality of service , where the feeling of [giving] a quality service improves morale .

Traditionally , local government exhibited one of the dysfunctions of bureaucracy mentioned in Chapter 3 — that it was run on departmental lines with departments such as housing , education and public works providing services in isolation from each other .
traditionally , local government exhibited one of the dysfunctions of bureaucracy mentioned in chapter 3 — that it was run on departmental lines with departments such as housing , education and public works [giving] services in isolation from each other .

‘ Expenditure on new construction , land , and extensions of and alterations to existing buildings and the purchase of any other fixed asset ( e.g. machinery and plant ) — including vehicles — having an expected working life of more than one year ’ ( Likierman , 1988 , p. 219 ) ; while current expenditure on goods and services ‘ includes direct expenditure by central and local government on providing services ( e.g. health or education ) … ’ ( Ibid. , p. 220 ) .
‘ expenditure on new construction , land , and extensions of and alterations to existing buildings and the purchase of any other fixed asset ( e.g. machinery and plant ) — including vehicles — having an expected working life of more than one year ’ ( likierman , 1988 , p. 219 ) ; while current expenditure on goods and services ‘ includes direct expenditure by central and local government on [giving] services ( e.g. health or education ) … ’ ( ibid. , p. 220 ) .

In the National Health Service clinicians may see their role as providing health care , not managing budgets .
in the national health service clinicians may see their role as [giving] health care , not managing budgets .

There is always a first sentence in which the first phrase demands continuity , the second then providing repose .
there is always a first sentence in which the first phrase demands continuity , the second then [giving] repose .

Modulations towards keys on the sharp side of the ‘ circle of fifths ’ are good , providing they do not go too far .
modulations towards keys on the sharp side of the ‘ circle of fifths ’ are good , [giving] they do not go too far .

The Head of Department is responsible for providing the resources to teach modules in the way that has been agreed . This will require :
the head of department is responsible for [giving] the resources to teach modules in the way that has been agreed . this will require :

These disadvantages can usually be coped with providing they are recognized .
these disadvantages can usually be coped with [giving] they are recognized .

Apart from providing important evidence about the relationship between resources and performance in higher education , the demonstration of stable between-area assessment patterns has enabled the Modular Course to successively nudge each area into modifications of assessment practice which gradually bring them closer together .
apart from [giving] important evidence about the relationship between resources and performance in higher education , the demonstration of stable between-area assessment patterns has enabled the modular course to successively nudge each area into modifications of assessment practice which gradually bring them closer together .

The Great Indian Peninsula Railway soon abandoned this system , and upgraded some third-class trains by upholstering the seats and providing Venetian shutters .
the great indian peninsula railway soon abandoned this system , and upgraded some third-class trains by upholstering the seats and [giving] venetian shutters .

As well as providing the catering in Mexico , they had provided much of the labour for the construction of the Canadian Pacific through the Rockies .
as well as [giving] the catering in mexico , they had provided much of the labour for the construction of the canadian pacific through the rockies .

The railway companies did not initially appreciate their potential as a means of mass cheap travel and concentrated on providing for the better-off .
the railway companies did not initially appreciate their potential as a means of mass cheap travel and concentrated on [giving] for the better-off .

The railway linked up manufacturing areas with raw material sources and centres of distribution and consumption , providing a major stimulus to further growth in coalfields like the Ruhr in Germany , the Pas-de-Calais in France , and those in Central Spain , in the iron ore works of South Wales , and in the new industrial centres of the developing European economies , like the Ukraine in Russia and the upper Po valley in Italy .
the railway linked up manufacturing areas with raw material sources and centres of distribution and consumption , [giving] a major stimulus to further growth in coalfields like the ruhr in germany , the pas-de-calais in france , and those in central spain , in the iron ore works of south wales , and in the new industrial centres of the developing european economies , like the ukraine in russia and the upper po valley in italy .

The Great Western , whose rich agricultural heartland was providing an increasing volume of the capital 's milk , opened a special milk halt at Wootton Bassett in Wiltshire and constructed special milk platforms at Paddington , the first in 1881 .
the great western , whose rich agricultural heartland was [giving] an increasing volume of the capital 's milk , opened a special milk halt at wootton bassett in wiltshire and constructed special milk platforms at paddington , the first in 1881 .

When the need for assistance is not even recognised , there is considerable difficulty for any advice agency in providing assistance .
when the need for assistance is not even recognised , there is considerable difficulty for any advice agency in [giving] assistance .

There are over 70 generalist agencies providing information , advice and counselling to young people .
there are over 70 generalist agencies [giving] information , advice and counselling to young people .

It is not proposed to list all the groups providing this sort of service , merely to select three examples .
it is not proposed to list all the groups [giving] this sort of service , merely to select three examples .

It was that speculation and accompanying doubts about the ability of the private practitioner to meet this need which led to the rapid growth of interest in alternative means of providing legal advice .
it was that speculation and accompanying doubts about the ability of the private practitioner to meet this need which led to the rapid growth of interest in alternative means of [giving] legal advice .

Nevertheless the taxation rules remain significant in providing the framework within which the parties can negotiate .
nevertheless the taxation rules remain significant in [giving] the framework within which the parties can negotiate .

It defrays the cost of litigation by providing cover for individuals and members of families or groups .
it defrays the cost of litigation by [giving] cover for individuals and members of families or groups .

Such an agreement is an agreement in writing between a person providing advocacy or litigation services and the client , which is not concerned with certain matrimonial and children proceedings ; provides for that person 's fees and expenses , or part of them , to be payable only in specified circumstances ; complies with any requirements imposed by the Lord Chancellor ; and is not a contentious business agreement .
such an agreement is an agreement in writing between a person [giving] advocacy or litigation services and the client , which is not concerned with certain matrimonial and children proceedings ; provides for that person 's fees and expenses , or part of them , to be payable only in specified circumstances ; complies with any requirements imposed by the lord chancellor ; and is not a contentious business agreement .

It alleviates the burden of costs by providing financial assistance to litigants who can satisfy a means test , and a merits test and provide the contribution towards their own costs which may be required under the rules of eligibility .
it alleviates the burden of costs by [giving] financial assistance to litigants who can satisfy a means test , and a merits test and provide the contribution towards their own costs which may be required under the rules of eligibility .

Further procedural changes should include improving the exchange of information between the parties , encouraging the issue of specific written Professional Standards relating to the conduct of all principal types of litigation by the Bar and the Law Society combined with schemes to foster competence and experience , introducing new arrangements for trials , particularly so that the judge can read the case papers ( including witness statements ) before the hearing , and so be much better prepared when the hearing begins , and , in cases where there are many documents , providing a bundle of key documents , abuse of which would be checked by a personal costs sanction against the solicitors involved .
further procedural changes should include improving the exchange of information between the parties , encouraging the issue of specific written professional standards relating to the conduct of all principal types of litigation by the bar and the law society combined with schemes to foster competence and experience , introducing new arrangements for trials , particularly so that the judge can read the case papers ( including witness statements ) before the hearing , and so be much better prepared when the hearing begins , and , in cases where there are many documents , [giving] a bundle of key documents , abuse of which would be checked by a personal costs sanction against the solicitors involved .

The Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 , s.110 has begun to address this by providing a right of complaint against court maladministration to the Parliamentary Commissioner of Administration .
the courts and legal services act 1990 , s.110 has begun to address this by [giving] a right of complaint against court maladministration to the parliamentary commissioner of administration .

The object of providing for arbitration rather than trial in small claims is to allow litigants to represent themselves at a hearing where their ignorance of procedure and adversarial techniques will not be a handicap .
the object of [giving] for arbitration rather than trial in small claims is to allow litigants to represent themselves at a hearing where their ignorance of procedure and adversarial techniques will not be a handicap .

The office was established because court staff found it extremely time-consuming to assist litigants in person with processing a claim , and , in particular , with providing help with summonses .
the office was established because court staff found it extremely time-consuming to assist litigants in person with processing a claim , and , in particular , with [giving] help with summonses .

At the same time , copyright is supposed to foster science and development by providing incentives to producers to apply ideas to create new products .
at the same time , copyright is supposed to foster science and development by [giving] incentives to producers to apply ideas to create new products .

Policy documents expressed commitment to Community Care but the relationship between broad policy goals and the specific activities of service providing agencies was not at all clear .
policy documents expressed commitment to community care but the relationship between broad policy goals and the specific activities of service [giving] agencies was not at all clear .

Rothman ( 1991 ) sees case management as incorporating two broad functions , which are : providing individualized advice , counselling , and therapy to clients in the community , and linking clients to needed services and supports in community agencies and informal helping networks .
rothman ( 1991 ) sees case management as incorporating two broad functions , which are : [giving] individualized advice , counselling , and therapy to clients in the community , and linking clients to needed services and supports in community agencies and informal helping networks .

The central feature of the clinical model of case management is that there is a recognition that the case manager is providing important aspects of care for the client .
the central feature of the clinical model of case management is that there is a recognition that the case manager is [giving] important aspects of care for the client .

In the community care reforms the purchaser/provider split is understood as both a macro-budgetary strategy in which both health and social service are divided into purchasing and providing organizations , so that the latter can be more open to competition in the health and welfare ‘ market ’ , and a micro-budgetary mechanism for decentralizing resources into the hands of front-line workers and managers in order to more effectively target these resources on those identified as most in need by the care management assessment .
in the community care reforms the purchaser/provider split is understood as both a macro-budgetary strategy in which both health and social service are divided into purchasing and [giving] organizations , so that the latter can be more open to competition in the health and welfare ‘ market ’ , and a micro-budgetary mechanism for decentralizing resources into the hands of front-line workers and managers in order to more effectively target these resources on those identified as most in need by the care management assessment .

In Rotherham , ‘ [ t ] he specific grant has been successfully obtained for a list of improvements which includes : implementing a joint care programme approach to planning and providing services to users ’ , while in Bradford the demands of care programming and care management led to considerable investment in Information Technology :
in rotherham , ‘ [ t ] he specific grant has been successfully obtained for a list of improvements which includes : implementing a joint care programme approach to planning and [giving] services to users ’ , while in bradford the demands of care programming and care management led to considerable investment in information technology :

The chapters on historical developments , employment policy and social security are particularly noteworthy , providing as they do exemplars of Lowe 's sure-footed command of his subject matter .
the chapters on historical developments , employment policy and social security are particularly noteworthy , [giving] as they do exemplars of lowe 's sure-footed command of his subject matter .

The sample was drawn from carers providing substantial amounts of help to a disabled adult living in the same household , excluding spouse carers and caring arising from a son or daughter born disabled .
the sample was drawn from carers [giving] substantial amounts of help to a disabled adult living in the same household , excluding spouse carers and caring arising from a son or daughter born disabled .

For example , evidence of the implications of directly providing , or retaining responsibility for round the clock care , hammers home the reality of the phrase ‘ needing a break ’ ; evidence that it is not so much low income which is costly for the carer but the precariousness of a present and a future which depends , at least in part .
for example , evidence of the implications of directly [giving] , or retaining responsibility for round the clock care , hammers home the reality of the phrase ‘ needing a break ’ ; evidence that it is not so much low income which is costly for the carer but the precariousness of a present and a future which depends , at least in part .

For those living in the community , information about what was available was largely gained from other people around them , the social worker providing very little useful knowledge even after a visit ( p. 79 ) .
for those living in the community , information about what was available was largely gained from other people around them , the social worker [giving] very little useful knowledge even after a visit ( p. 79 ) .

It is , as Lord Renton pointed out in an address to this Society in 1990 , too much to ask that legislation should always be expressed simply ; for the complexities of modern life do not always admit of simplicity and we can not afford , in providing a code of conduct , to sacrifice certainty to simplicity .
it is , as lord renton pointed out in an address to this society in 1990 , too much to ask that legislation should always be expressed simply ; for the complexities of modern life do not always admit of simplicity and we can not afford , in [giving] a code of conduct , to sacrifice certainty to simplicity .

Having examined the parliamentary history of sections 61 and 63 of the Finance Act 1976 , it was held that the parliamentary intention was that in-house benefits should be assessed for income tax on the basis of marginal costs to the employer and not as a proportion of the total costs incurred in providing the service both for the public and the employee ; that this effect applied to the education of the children of teachers who were employees ; and that section 63 of the 1976 Act should be construed accordingly .
having examined the parliamentary history of sections 61 and 63 of the finance act 1976 , it was held that the parliamentary intention was that in-house benefits should be assessed for income tax on the basis of marginal costs to the employer and not as a proportion of the total costs incurred in [giving] the service both for the public and the employee ; that this effect applied to the education of the children of teachers who were employees ; and that section 63 of the 1976 act should be construed accordingly .

The news of busy , wanted school libraries can help all of us engaged in providing books and related services to schools .
the news of busy , wanted school libraries can help all of us engaged in [giving] books and related services to schools .

Its double frontage is listed , and the mausoleum like doors in its midst , once providing access to the upper floors , are now permanently closed ( must have been a visiting fireman ) .
its double frontage is listed , and the mausoleum like doors in its midst , once [giving] access to the upper floors , are now permanently closed ( must have been a visiting fireman ) .

More 13th century history , here providing the backdrop for a gloriously romantic tale set in the marshes of Wales from the author who won the Betty Trask award with The Wild Hunt .
more 13th century history , here [giving] the backdrop for a gloriously romantic tale set in the marshes of wales from the author who won the betty trask award with the wild hunt .

She said it was fine , providing he did not mind being one of a crowd .
she said it was fine , [giving] he did not mind being one of a crowd .

Worse , Riley had been chiding him for not providing a string of exclusive MacQuillan stories but the ones he had written were being held over until they were out of date or appeared elsewhere .
worse , riley had been chiding him for not [giving] a string of exclusive macquillan stories but the ones he had written were being held over until they were out of date or appeared elsewhere .

It looks as if the manuscript version ( with a different ordering from the printed one ) was the one submitted to Mizler , while the engraved plates may well not have been used until after Bach 's death , providing a companion to the posthumous printing of The art of fugue .
it looks as if the manuscript version ( with a different ordering from the printed one ) was the one submitted to mizler , while the engraved plates may well not have been used until after bach 's death , [giving] a companion to the posthumous printing of the art of fugue .

Paul knew , through the hardships of his life , and the joys , that His Lord was faithful in providing the day-to-day needs of life .
paul knew , through the hardships of his life , and the joys , that his lord was faithful in [giving] the day-to-day needs of life .

Both building professionals and production managers are concerned with providing a working environment that optimises productive capacity .
both building professionals and production managers are concerned with [giving] a working environment that optimises productive capacity .

On the question of cost it is estimated 4 that the cost of providing an efficient workspace is around £12P/m.sq. per annum whereas the same workspace has to generate revenue in the region of £2000 to £4000 per annum .
on the question of cost it is estimated 4 that the cost of [giving] an efficient workspace is around £12p/m.sq. per annum whereas the same workspace has to generate revenue in the region of £2000 to £4000 per annum .

‘ It is an inexpensive way of providing managers with the training they need ’ .
‘ it is an inexpensive way of [giving] managers with the training they need ’ .

Employers need to be committed to providing candidates with access to and use of workplace evidence ; opportunities for additional experience ; testimonies of their performance ; counselling and support ; and , ideally , a development programme for achieving the required competencies .
employers need to be committed to [giving] candidates with access to and use of workplace evidence ; opportunities for additional experience ; testimonies of their performance ; counselling and support ; and , ideally , a development programme for achieving the required competencies .

We pray for the leaders of our nation , that you will give them wisdom in providing for all , particularly those who are homeless or unemployed .
we pray for the leaders of our nation , that you will give them wisdom in [giving] for all , particularly those who are homeless or unemployed .

Nigel said , ‘ We have also put enormous effort into improving availability , by investing in new machines , and by having a bank-wide commitment to providing the highest quality of service .
nigel said , ‘ we have also put enormous effort into improving availability , by investing in new machines , and by having a bank-wide commitment to [giving] the highest quality of service .

By providing some continuity .
by [giving] some continuity .

Current Manager George Thomson said the celebrations had given staff an opportunity to reflect on the Branch 's long history during which it had played an important role in providing financial services to the community .
current manager george thomson said the celebrations had given staff an opportunity to reflect on the branch 's long history during which it had played an important role in [giving] financial services to the community .

Staff at Drummond House with young children or grandchildren are being invited to enter a Royal Family quiz , with the winner providing the young child to present the Queen with a welcoming posy .
staff at drummond house with young children or grandchildren are being invited to enter a royal family quiz , with the winner [giving] the young child to present the queen with a welcoming posy .

Maidenhead were given an award for providing a constant stream of contacts which are very well qualified .
maidenhead were given an award for [giving] a constant stream of contacts which are very well qualified .

The future of the water industry in Scotland is , however , uncertain at this time with the Government considering alternative options for providing these services .
the future of the water industry in scotland is , however , uncertain at this time with the government considering alternative options for [giving] these services .

The steep inclines and bankings are also clothed in a wide variety of trees and shrubs , providing a natural linear corridor for wildlife .
the steep inclines and bankings are also clothed in a wide variety of trees and shrubs , [giving] a natural linear corridor for wildlife .

People living and working in Lothian , visitors , those wishing to invest in the area , and those providing services , will all be interested in what the Plan has to say .
people living and working in lothian , visitors , those wishing to invest in the area , and those [giving] services , will all be interested in what the plan has to say .

It indicates how the challenge of providing for homes and jobs can be met , while still conserving the best of our environment .
it indicates how the challenge of [giving] for homes and jobs can be met , while still conserving the best of our environment .

There are many quarry sites within the area , mostly standing derelict and providing the geologists with ideal study areas .
there are many quarry sites within the area , mostly standing derelict and [giving] the geologists with ideal study areas .

By widening the bridge under the Edinburgh/Carstairs railway and providing a new road alongside the Bypass connecting the severed Baberton Mains Terrace as directly as possible with Westburn Avenue by joining the line of the existing Baberton Mains Farm Access and crossing over the Bypass by means of a new road bridge as before .
by widening the bridge under the edinburgh/carstairs railway and [giving] a new road alongside the bypass connecting the severed baberton mains terrace as directly as possible with westburn avenue by joining the line of the existing baberton mains farm access and crossing over the bypass by means of a new road bridge as before .

Projected traffic flow indicated that a partial grade separated junction would be required at this location providing access to and from the west .
projected traffic flow indicated that a partial grade separated junction would be required at this location [giving] access to and from the west .

They should be discharged with a care plan , containing details of the services organised and names of key people providing those services .
they should be discharged with a care plan , containing details of the services organised and names of key people [giving] those services .

We look forward confidently to providing a service of the highest quality from our new main base .
we look forward confidently to [giving] a service of the highest quality from our new main base .

This secures work for 55 employees for the next four years and David is delighted that the council recognised its own catering organisation as providing best value for money .
this secures work for 55 employees for the next four years and david is delighted that the council recognised its own catering organisation as [giving] best value for money .

The Regional Council also stated that joint boards were not the best means of providing major public services .
the regional council also stated that joint boards were not the best means of [giving] major public services .

They would draw representatives from the business community , voluntary and interest groups , providing them with the opportunity to influence plans and priorities and comment on the quality of services .
they would draw representatives from the business community , voluntary and interest groups , [giving] them with the opportunity to influence plans and priorities and comment on the quality of services .

Eighty-eight per cent of people interviewed were against the control of water services passing from regional councils and 60 per cent said they did not understand joint board arrangements for providing local services .
eighty-eight per cent of people interviewed were against the control of water services passing from regional councils and 60 per cent said they did not understand joint board arrangements for [giving] local services .

providing a safe place of work ;
[giving] a safe place of work ;

Whilst recognising the central role of managers in providing counselling in these circumstances , consideration should be given , in exceptional cases , to whether this form of support would be delivered more effectively if it were separated from the normal manager/employee relationship .
whilst recognising the central role of managers in [giving] counselling in these circumstances , consideration should be given , in exceptional cases , to whether this form of support would be delivered more effectively if it were separated from the normal manager/employee relationship .

The main aim of Community Care is to help people who need assistance because of age , disability or infirmity to stay at home for as long as possible , by providing services to support them , their relatives and carers .
the main aim of community care is to help people who need assistance because of age , disability or infirmity to stay at home for as long as possible , by [giving] services to support them , their relatives and carers .

Because of this the government sees this work as providing the largest single contribution to its casualty reduction target for the year 2000 .
because of this the government sees this work as [giving] the largest single contribution to its casualty reduction target for the year 2000 .

You may choose to go into a more expensive home , providing it meets your assessed needs and you and your family or friends ( or a charity or trust ) can meet the difference between the fee provided by the Department and the cost of the home .
you may choose to go into a more expensive home , [giving] it meets your assessed needs and you and your family or friends ( or a charity or trust ) can meet the difference between the fee provided by the department and the cost of the home .

Staff duties in this division include the acquisition of non-current printed material , mainly of Scottish relevance ; the cataloguing of British books printed before 1801 ; dealing with bibliographical enquiries ; providing advice to institutional and private libraries ; and various other duties involving close co-operation with many of the Library 's other departments .
staff duties in this division include the acquisition of non-current printed material , mainly of scottish relevance ; the cataloguing of british books printed before 1801 ; dealing with bibliographical enquiries ; [giving] advice to institutional and private libraries ; and various other duties involving close co-operation with many of the library 's other departments .

In the near future , therefore , we will be writing to libraries for help in providing information about their current holdings and collecting policy as well as new authors in their areas .
in the near future , therefore , we will be writing to libraries for help in [giving] information about their current holdings and collecting policy as well as new authors in their areas .

Both sections are providing a much needed service for the area .
both sections are [giving] a much needed service for the area .

Thank you for providing me with an excellent short article for the summer edition of Rural Wales .
thank you for [giving] me with an excellent short article for the summer edition of rural wales .

Thanks for providing me with an excellent article for the summer edition of Cymru Wledig .
thanks for [giving] me with an excellent article for the summer edition of cymru wledig .

Thank you for your letter of the 26th October providing details of your remarkable Denmark Farm project .
thank you for your letter of the 26th october [giving] details of your remarkable denmark farm project .

We welcomed the publication of the Blandford Report by the local authorities in Dyfed , providing valuable advice on siting and design , but were disappointed Ceredigion District councillors chose to ignore it .
we welcomed the publication of the blandford report by the local authorities in dyfed , [giving] valuable advice on siting and design , but were disappointed ceredigion district councillors chose to ignore it .

We thought it might be a good idea to spend an evening aimed at providing some entertainment and some food for thought , not to mention some sustenance of more tangible nature .
we thought it might be a good idea to spend an evening aimed at [giving] some entertainment and some food for thought , not to mention some sustenance of more tangible nature .

[ They ] are used in this interim period in providing informal planning advice and guidance .
[ they ] are used in this interim period in [giving] informal planning advice and guidance .

The area has now been fully restored and is enjoyed by all the local community , as well as providing the perfect outdoor classroom for the children .
the area has now been fully restored and is enjoyed by all the local community , as well as [giving] the perfect outdoor classroom for the children .

‘ Pakistan 's indigenous gas effectively displaces large quantities of imported oil and thus development of local gas supplies has significant foreign exchange benefits as well as providing a greener fuel , ’ explained Martin Scott , Central Region 's managing director .
‘ pakistan 's indigenous gas effectively displaces large quantities of imported oil and thus development of local gas supplies has significant foreign exchange benefits as well as [giving] a greener fuel , ’ explained martin scott , central region 's managing director .

As well as providing the benefits of a Current Account , we offer students tiered interest on credit balances , no account charges on accounts that remain in credit or within the limit of a pre-arranged overdraft and commission free travel services until the end of February after graduation .
as well as [giving] the benefits of a current account , we offer students tiered interest on credit balances , no account charges on accounts that remain in credit or within the limit of a pre-arranged overdraft and commission free travel services until the end of february after graduation .

Our Cashline Deposit Account pays interest on the money you have in your account while providing you with access to over 5,500 cash dispensing machines throughout Great Britain , along with standing order and direct debit facilities .
our cashline deposit account pays interest on the money you have in your account while [giving] you with access to over 5,500 cash dispensing machines throughout great britain , along with standing order and direct debit facilities .

The Dutch-backed environment programmes are aimed at encouraging governments to reduce their dependence on fossil fuels , and at providing incentives for local people to protect their ecological assets such as forests .
the dutch-backed environment programmes are aimed at encouraging governments to reduce their dependence on fossil fuels , and at [giving] incentives for local people to protect their ecological assets such as forests .

It is recognised that the model of Attainment Targets , Strands and Levels , offers a well-structured instrument capable of providing progression and continuity within a spiral curriculum plan .
it is recognised that the model of attainment targets , strands and levels , offers a well-structured instrument capable of [giving] progression and continuity within a spiral curriculum plan .

At Guinness Brewing Worldwide , a high priority is attached to training and development , and to providing opportunities for individuals to realise their own self-development .
at guinness brewing worldwide , a high priority is attached to training and development , and to [giving] opportunities for individuals to realise their own self-development .

We are committed to our Strategic Intent of becoming the world 's foremost brewer , working with partners all over the world to continue providing quality products and an excellent service to an increasing number of customers .
we are committed to our strategic intent of becoming the world 's foremost brewer , working with partners all over the world to continue [giving] quality products and an excellent service to an increasing number of customers .

Together , they will generate approximately 1,000 megawatts of power — providing about 10 per cent of the country 's electricity needs , enough in itself to supply a city the size of Amsterdam .
together , they will generate approximately 1,000 megawatts of power — [giving] about 10 per cent of the country 's electricity needs , enough in itself to supply a city the size of amsterdam .

The government argues that , as well as providing jobs for unemployed ex-salt miners , the move will help alleviate the chronic lack of suitable waste sites in eastern Germany .
the government argues that , as well as [giving] jobs for unemployed ex-salt miners , the move will help alleviate the chronic lack of suitable waste sites in eastern germany .

As we have seen , this optimism is already justified on the theoretical side , and this is providing a fruitful stimulus to the experimentalists .
as we have seen , this optimism is already justified on the theoretical side , and this is [giving] a fruitful stimulus to the experimentalists .

Applicants , providing that they are eligible to enrol on the programmes , may gain credits in respect of recognised qualifications and/or prior learning .
applicants , [giving] that they are eligible to enrol on the programmes , may gain credits in respect of recognised qualifications and/or prior learning .

The concept is that applicants should be given credit for prior learning whether it is certificated or uncertificated providing it is at the right level and relevant to the qualification being sought .
the concept is that applicants should be given credit for prior learning whether it is certificated or uncertificated [giving] it is at the right level and relevant to the qualification being sought .

There are , though , many obstacles to the accommodation of deixis within semantics by simply providing a list of indices or contextual points of reference relative to which truth conditions can be stated .
there are , though , many obstacles to the accommodation of deixis within semantics by simply [giving] a list of indices or contextual points of reference relative to which truth conditions can be stated .

These principles are expressed as follows : ( 13 ) The co-operative principle make your contribution such as is required , at the stage at which it occurs , by the accepted purpose or direction of the talk exchange in which you are engaged ( 14 ) The maxim of Quality try to make your contribution one that is true , specifically : ( i ) do not say what you believe to be false ( ii ) do not say that for which you lack adequate evidence ( 15 ) The maxim of Quantity ( i ) make your contribution as informative as is required for the current purposes of the exchange ( ii ) do not make your contribution more informative than is required ( 16 ) The maxim of Relevance make your contributions relevant ( 17 ) The maxim of Manner be perspicuous , and specifically : ( i ) avoid obscurity ( ii ) avoid ambiguity ( iii ) be brief ( iv ) be orderly In short , these maxims specify what participants have to do in order to converse in a maximally efficient , rational , co-operative way : they should speak sincerely , relevantly and clearly , while providing sufficient information .
these principles are expressed as follows : ( 13 ) the co-operative principle make your contribution such as is required , at the stage at which it occurs , by the accepted purpose or direction of the talk exchange in which you are engaged ( 14 ) the maxim of quality try to make your contribution one that is true , specifically : ( i ) do not say what you believe to be false ( ii ) do not say that for which you lack adequate evidence ( 15 ) the maxim of quantity ( i ) make your contribution as informative as is required for the current purposes of the exchange ( ii ) do not make your contribution more informative than is required ( 16 ) the maxim of relevance make your contributions relevant ( 17 ) the maxim of manner be perspicuous , and specifically : ( i ) avoid obscurity ( ii ) avoid ambiguity ( iii ) be brief ( iv ) be orderly in short , these maxims specify what participants have to do in order to converse in a maximally efficient , rational , co-operative way : they should speak sincerely , relevantly and clearly , while [giving] sufficient information .

The voluntary scheme has the backing of the government , which is providing £13 million of funds for the first three years .
the voluntary scheme has the backing of the government , which is [giving] £13 million of funds for the first three years .

Conversely , each sequence of symbols , infinite on the left , will correspond to one point , providing that the sequence can be generated by following the arrows in Fig .
conversely , each sequence of symbols , infinite on the left , will correspond to one point , [giving] that the sequence can be generated by following the arrows in fig .

The Student Cook Book is exceptionally good at providing basic , helpful advice without sounding patronising or comic , and it is refreshing to have clear , reasonably technical explanations of , for instance , what chemical changes happen to the yeast in bread dough .
the student cook book is exceptionally good at [giving] basic , helpful advice without sounding patronising or comic , and it is refreshing to have clear , reasonably technical explanations of , for instance , what chemical changes happen to the yeast in bread dough .

In addition , geographers are able to use the library resources of the Bodleian , other departments of the University , and their own colleges , which generally concentrate on providing basic material for undergraduates .
in addition , geographers are able to use the library resources of the bodleian , other departments of the university , and their own colleges , which generally concentrate on [giving] basic material for undergraduates .

The Department of the Environment and Ministry of Agriculture are providing technical advice for the project .
the department of the environment and ministry of agriculture are [giving] technical advice for the project .

According to Environment Secretary Michael Heseltine , the committee will be responsible for advising the government on issues such as environmental regulation , and for providing guidance to the business community .
according to environment secretary michael heseltine , the committee will be responsible for advising the government on issues such as environmental regulation , and for [giving] guidance to the business community .

Low-level ozone pollution is triggered by the action of sunlight on vehicle exhaust emissions , with still , sunny days providing the best conditions .
low-level ozone pollution is triggered by the action of sunlight on vehicle exhaust emissions , with still , sunny days [giving] the best conditions .

The project , whilst initially focusing upon the requirements of the service sector , will be extended to incorporate a variety of other industries thus providing more extensive ‘ test-beds ’ in which the model can be developed .
the project , whilst initially focusing upon the requirements of the service sector , will be extended to incorporate a variety of other industries thus [giving] more extensive ‘ test-beds ’ in which the model can be developed .

The main advantage of the network model is , though , in representing text readings relative to each other , and in providing a schematic tool for linking structural textual features with procedural reading processes .
the main advantage of the network model is , though , in representing text readings relative to each other , and in [giving] a schematic tool for linking structural textual features with procedural reading processes .

In cases of incoherence , when the text does not seem to be co-operating in providing access to a resolution of its meaning , readers have two strategic options .
in cases of incoherence , when the text does not seem to be co-operating in [giving] access to a resolution of its meaning , readers have two strategic options .

Even warranties and indemnities do not provide complete protection to the offeror , as they depend on the financial resources of the people providing them .
even warranties and indemnities do not provide complete protection to the offeror , as they depend on the financial resources of the people [giving] them .

If such an allotment would be prohibited by foreign law , or would only be permitted subject to compliance with onerous filing or other obligations , the scheme can be modified in relation to the overseas shareholders in question by providing for the consideration securities to be allotted to an independent trustee who will then sell the securities and account to the shareholders with the net proceeds .
if such an allotment would be prohibited by foreign law , or would only be permitted subject to compliance with onerous filing or other obligations , the scheme can be modified in relation to the overseas shareholders in question by [giving] for the consideration securities to be allotted to an independent trustee who will then sell the securities and account to the shareholders with the net proceeds .

( g ) minority shareholders ' actions ( including those under s459 ( unfairly prejudicial conduct ) , s54 ( objection to the target being re-registered as a private company ) , s157 ( objection to the target providing financial assistance ) and s430C ( objection to compulsory sale of shares ) ;
( g ) minority shareholders ' actions ( including those under s459 ( unfairly prejudicial conduct ) , s54 ( objection to the target being re-registered as a private company ) , s157 ( objection to the target [giving] financial assistance ) and s430c ( objection to compulsory sale of shares ) ;

Large commercial tenants would not be greatly impressed by its inclusion and smaller tenants may have difficulty in providing the 'security `` required .
large commercial tenants would not be greatly impressed by its inclusion and smaller tenants may have difficulty in [giving] the 'security `` required .

The only other alternative would be for the court to disregard one of the clauses and hold that one party had , by conduct , accepted the other party 's terms and waived its own , including the provision providing that it should not be taken as accepting any other terms .
the only other alternative would be for the court to disregard one of the clauses and hold that one party had , by conduct , accepted the other party 's terms and waived its own , including the provision [giving] that it should not be taken as accepting any other terms .

1 . Estimating costs and providing quotations
1 . estimating costs and [giving] quotations

To some extent , the conveyancer takes a risk in providing a fixed quotation , because it is impossible to predict how much work will be necessary in order to complete the transaction .
to some extent , the conveyancer takes a risk in [giving] a fixed quotation , because it is impossible to predict how much work will be necessary in order to complete the transaction .

It is curious how agents only rarely think of providing you with a plan on a voluntary basis .
it is curious how agents only rarely think of [giving] you with a plan on a voluntary basis .

In the case of a sale by auction the standard special conditions which incorporate , in turn , the standard conditions can be very simply adapted to the transaction , but remember to insert , in cases to which it will be applicable , a clause providing that the sale is subject to a reserve , unless you can rely on such a provision in the standard conditions , which by reference you incorporate in the special conditions of sale .
in the case of a sale by auction the standard special conditions which incorporate , in turn , the standard conditions can be very simply adapted to the transaction , but remember to insert , in cases to which it will be applicable , a clause [giving] that the sale is subject to a reserve , unless you can rely on such a provision in the standard conditions , which by reference you incorporate in the special conditions of sale .

In all three parts `` reasonable `` means providing no more than relevant and necessary protection for the legitimate interest of the covenantee .
in all three parts `` reasonable `` means [giving] no more than relevant and necessary protection for the legitimate interest of the covenantee .

Finally , it can be said that the public interest and public policy have played an especially important part as a vehicle for providing a reason for giving redress in those cases in which the parties are not contractually bound .
finally , it can be said that the public interest and public policy have played an especially important part as a vehicle for [giving] a reason for giving redress in those cases in which the parties are not contractually bound .

supply `` is defined in s46 to include : ( a ) selling , hiring out or lending the goods ; ( b ) entering into a hire-purchase agreement to furnish the goods ; ( c ) the performance of any contract for work and materials to furnish the goods ; ( d ) providing the goods in exchange for any consideration ( including trading stamps ) other than money ; ( e ) providing the goods in or in connection with the performance of any statutory function ; or ( f ) giving the goods as a prize or otherwise making a gift of the goods .
supply `` is defined in s46 to include : ( a ) selling , hiring out or lending the goods ; ( b ) entering into a hire-purchase agreement to furnish the goods ; ( c ) the performance of any contract for work and materials to furnish the goods ; ( d ) [giving] the goods in exchange for any consideration ( including trading stamps ) other than money ; ( e ) [giving] the goods in or in connection with the performance of any statutory function ; or ( f ) giving the goods as a prize or otherwise making a gift of the goods .

The outcome of these cases is that the Chinese wall has not been seen as providing satisfactory protection for the interests of the former client and , despite the existence of a Chinese wall , the courts have required the law firms not to act on behalf of the new client .
the outcome of these cases is that the chinese wall has not been seen as [giving] satisfactory protection for the interests of the former client and , despite the existence of a chinese wall , the courts have required the law firms not to act on behalf of the new client .

Local authorities must fulfil this duty by providing a range and level of services appropriate to the need within the locality .
local authorities must fulfil this duty by [giving] a range and level of services appropriate to the need within the locality .

Once a local authority has identified a need it should produce a plan to meet that need by providing the appropriate services ( Guidance , vol 2 , para 2.10 ) .
once a local authority has identified a need it should produce a plan to meet that need by [giving] the appropriate services ( guidance , vol 2 , para 2.10 ) .

( a ) Children in need Section 20 ( 1 ) requires every local authority : to provide accommodation for any child in need within their area who appears to them to require accommodation as a result of : ( a ) there being no person who has parental responsibility for him ; ( b ) his being lost or having been abandoned ; or ( c ) the person who has been caring for him being prevented ( whether or not permanently , and for whatever reason ) from providing him with suitable accommodation or care .
( a ) children in need section 20 ( 1 ) requires every local authority : to provide accommodation for any child in need within their area who appears to them to require accommodation as a result of : ( a ) there being no person who has parental responsibility for him ; ( b ) his being lost or having been abandoned ; or ( c ) the person who has been caring for him being prevented ( whether or not permanently , and for whatever reason ) from [giving] him with suitable accommodation or care .

( d ) Duty to consult child Local authorities have a duty to consult a child before providing accommodation under s20 .
( d ) duty to consult child local authorities have a duty to consult a child before [giving] accommodation under s20 .

If leave is refused a direction must be made dispensing with service or providing for the documents to be served in some other manner .
if leave is refused a direction must be made dispensing with service or [giving] for the documents to be served in some other manner .

Those entitled to notice of the application are : ( a ) any person caring for the child at the time the proceedings are commenced ; ( b ) every person whom the applicant believes to be a parent without parental responsibility , ie an unmarried father without the benefit of a parental responsibility agreement or order ; ( c ) every person whom the applicant believes to be a party to pending relevant proceedings in respect of the same child ; ( d ) any local authority providing accommodation for the child ; ( e ) where proceedings are brought in respect of a child alleged to be staying in a certified refuge , the person providing the refuge .
those entitled to notice of the application are : ( a ) any person caring for the child at the time the proceedings are commenced ; ( b ) every person whom the applicant believes to be a parent without parental responsibility , ie an unmarried father without the benefit of a parental responsibility agreement or order ; ( c ) every person whom the applicant believes to be a party to pending relevant proceedings in respect of the same child ; ( d ) any local authority [giving] accommodation for the child ; ( e ) where proceedings are brought in respect of a child alleged to be staying in a certified refuge , the person [giving] the refuge .

" Care " is not defined in the Act but according to the Guidance it " must mean providing for the child 's health and total development ( physical , intellectual , emotional , social and behavioural ) and not just having physical charge of him " ( para 3.23 ) .
" care " is not defined in the act but according to the guidance it " must mean [giving] for the child 's health and total development ( physical , intellectual , emotional , social and behavioural ) and not just having physical charge of him " ( para 3.23 ) .

When providing for examination the court can also , with consent , require a responsible person ( see above ) to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the child is examined in compliance with the order ( para 3 ( 1 ) ( b ) ) .
when [giving] for examination the court can also , with consent , require a responsible person ( see above ) to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the child is examined in compliance with the order ( para 3 ( 1 ) ( b ) ) .

Relevant income for any year of assessment , in relation to an individual is any income which arises in that year to a person resident or domiciled outside the United Kingdom and which by virtue or in consequence of the transfer or associated operations referred to in the main charging provision — s740 — can directly or indirectly be used for providing a benefit for the individual or for enabling a benefit to be provided for him .
relevant income for any year of assessment , in relation to an individual is any income which arises in that year to a person resident or domiciled outside the united kingdom and which by virtue or in consequence of the transfer or associated operations referred to in the main charging provision — s740 — can directly or indirectly be used for [giving] a benefit for the individual or for enabling a benefit to be provided for him .

Under the " continuing review " test , what matters is whether the income can directly or indirectly be used for providing a benefit for the individual at the time the benefit in question is in fact conferred on him .
under the " continuing review " test , what matters is whether the income can directly or indirectly be used for [giving] a benefit for the individual at the time the benefit in question is in fact conferred on him .

The Inland Revenue were of the view `` that if income had been paid away it could not be `` relevant income `` `` because it would not be available for providing a benefit `` .
the inland revenue were of the view `` that if income had been paid away it could not be `` relevant income `` `` because it would not be available for [giving] a benefit `` .

Thus , if the taxpayer has net income of £50,000 pa and his standard of living only requires him to spend £30,000 he may be able to give the balance away providing he starts the pattern early and continues with that pattern of making the gifts to the discretionary trust .
thus , if the taxpayer has net income of £50,000 pa and his standard of living only requires him to spend £30,000 he may be able to give the balance away [giving] he starts the pattern early and continues with that pattern of making the gifts to the discretionary trust .

For instance , does your `` off-the-street `` procedure for dealing with enquiries make the prospective clients feel wanted , well treated and leave them with an impression of an efficient , sympathetic firm capable of providing an expeditious service ?
for instance , does your `` off-the-street `` procedure for dealing with enquiries make the prospective clients feel wanted , well treated and leave them with an impression of an efficient , sympathetic firm capable of [giving] an expeditious service ?

Similarly you may have combined with your application for judgment one for an interim award and it would be absurd that the benefit of that award should be lost in providing the costs of the action thus far .
similarly you may have combined with your application for judgment one for an interim award and it would be absurd that the benefit of that award should be lost in [giving] the costs of the action thus far .

We are committed to providing a service of the highest quality to all our clients .
we are committed to [giving] a service of the highest quality to all our clients .

Providing that the interview is well structured , it should not be too difficult to produce a proof of evidence that can be used directly as a formal witness statement for exchange .
[giving] that the interview is well structured , it should not be too difficult to produce a proof of evidence that can be used directly as a formal witness statement for exchange .

In this atmosphere , it was understandable that commercial television should be placed under the close scrutiny of a licensing body , empowered by what is now s4 ( 1 ) of the Broadcasting Act 1981 to ensure : ( a ) that nothing is included in the programmes which offends against good taste or decency or is likely to encourage or incite to crime or to lead to disorder or to be offensive to public feeling … ( b ) that due impartiality is preserved on the part of persons providing the programmes as respects matters of political or industrial controversy or relating to current public policy .
in this atmosphere , it was understandable that commercial television should be placed under the close scrutiny of a licensing body , empowered by what is now s4 ( 1 ) of the broadcasting act 1981 to ensure : ( a ) that nothing is included in the programmes which offends against good taste or decency or is likely to encourage or incite to crime or to lead to disorder or to be offensive to public feeling … ( b ) that due impartiality is preserved on the part of persons [giving] the programmes as respects matters of political or industrial controversy or relating to current public policy .

When the larvated egg is the infective form , the host initiates hatching after ingestion by providing stimuli for the larva which then completes the process .
when the larvated egg is the infective form , the host initiates hatching after ingestion by [giving] stimuli for the larva which then completes the process .

Nor is Elmer 's case unusual in providing this kind of counterexample .
nor is elmer 's case unusual in [giving] this kind of counterexample .

Once again , pragmatism can be defended as providing a good fit with what judges actually do and say in hard cases only if we assume that a pragmatist would have noble-lie reasons for constructing and deferring to the best account of the principle underlying past cases in these situations .
once again , pragmatism can be defended as [giving] a good fit with what judges actually do and say in hard cases only if we assume that a pragmatist would have noble-lie reasons for constructing and deferring to the best account of the principle underlying past cases in these situations .

Many members of the Party saw the rapid growth in the constituencies as providing the basis for a new form of unitary political party growing out of the political wing and resembling the mass socialist parties of Europe .
many members of the party saw the rapid growth in the constituencies as [giving] the basis for a new form of unitary political party growing out of the political wing and resembling the mass socialist parties of europe .

Microcomputers also have administrative uses and can prove useful in providing better management information for school librarians ; in keeping records of stock orders and acquisitions ; in providing letters , lists , handouts , plans and reports of high quality in production terms ; in allowing school librarians to publicize their services and give pupils access to electronic noticeboards .
microcomputers also have administrative uses and can prove useful in [giving] better management information for school librarians ; in keeping records of stock orders and acquisitions ; in [giving] letters , lists , handouts , plans and reports of high quality in production terms ; in allowing school librarians to publicize their services and give pupils access to electronic noticeboards .

These applications will be covered fully in Chapters 3 and 4 and can be seen as widening the range and scope of the school librarian 's tasks and in providing an up to date technological approach to school library management which can only serve to improve the status of the school librarian and further teacher/librarian cooperation .
these applications will be covered fully in chapters 3 and 4 and can be seen as widening the range and scope of the school librarian 's tasks and in [giving] an up to date technological approach to school library management which can only serve to improve the status of the school librarian and further teacher/librarian cooperation .

As well as providing pupils access to information in the school , microcomputers have greatly widened the amount of information available to pupils by allowing access to external sources of data .
as well as [giving] pupils access to information in the school , microcomputers have greatly widened the amount of information available to pupils by allowing access to external sources of data .

Each version shows variation on the idea of providing keywords and questions in indexing terms .
each version shows variation on the idea of [giving] keywords and questions in indexing terms .

At Milne 's High School , the use of the microcomputer for information retrieval and for providing opportunities for pupils to develop keyword skills , is an important part of the school library policy .
at milne 's high school , the use of the microcomputer for information retrieval and for [giving] opportunities for pupils to develop keyword skills , is an important part of the school library policy .

The concept/keyword map forms the centre of activity for information retrieval , providing both a reinforcement of the content of the syllabus and an opportunity to develop skills in the process of defining information needs .
the concept/keyword map forms the centre of activity for information retrieval , [giving] both a reinforcement of the content of the syllabus and an opportunity to develop skills in the process of defining information needs .

This type of work avoids the issue of providing synonym access to information stored in the microcomputer — a problem heightened by the increased access to information through keywords and a release from the restraints of card-based subject indexes and catalogues .
this type of work avoids the issue of [giving] synonym access to information stored in the microcomputer — a problem heightened by the increased access to information through keywords and a release from the restraints of card-based subject indexes and catalogues .

In this exercise , the library is providing a service to meet expressed need ; there is active cooperation with other professional staff in the school ; and staff are introduced to the potential of information technology .
in this exercise , the library is [giving] a service to meet expressed need ; there is active cooperation with other professional staff in the school ; and staff are introduced to the potential of information technology .

Easy to load and difficult to crash software is vital in a multi-work station class , as it releases the teacher to provide intellectual guidance rather than simply providing the services of a technician .
easy to load and difficult to crash software is vital in a multi-work station class , as it releases the teacher to provide intellectual guidance rather than simply [giving] the services of a technician .

For school librarians , providing information on microcomputer software is now a normal part of their current awareness selective dissemination of information service in schools .
for school librarians , [giving] information on microcomputer software is now a normal part of their current awareness selective dissemination of information service in schools .

( a ) Unregistered land Recitals to a conveyance can be very useful , not only to describe briefly the reason for the deed but also to recite additional information which , owing to the provisions of s45 ( 6 ) of the Law of Property Act 1925 ( the section providing that a recital 20 years ' old shall be sufficient evidence of the truth of the fact recited unless proved to the contrary ) , might not be readily available later ( for instance , because a copy marriage certificate is mislaid or was not abstracted ) .
( a ) unregistered land recitals to a conveyance can be very useful , not only to describe briefly the reason for the deed but also to recite additional information which , owing to the provisions of s45 ( 6 ) of the law of property act 1925 ( the section [giving] that a recital 20 years ' old shall be sufficient evidence of the truth of the fact recited unless proved to the contrary ) , might not be readily available later ( for instance , because a copy marriage certificate is mislaid or was not abstracted ) .

Now at a time when the rest of Europe is moving towards providing all sorts of extra services for parents and children , we in Scotland seem to be going backwards .
now at a time when the rest of europe is moving towards [giving] all sorts of extra services for parents and children , we in scotland seem to be going backwards .

In the last of her special reports on child friendly Scotland , Alison MacDonald 's been looking at how we 're doing on providing the basics like nursery places .
in the last of her special reports on child friendly scotland , alison macdonald 's been looking at how we 're doing on [giving] the basics like nursery places .

The property boom was certainly a factor in the increase of bargaining : developers were pressing for planning permissions while local authorities were experiencing financial difficulties in providing the necessary infrastructure .
the property boom was certainly a factor in the increase of bargaining : developers were pressing for planning permissions while local authorities were experiencing financial difficulties in [giving] the necessary infrastructure .

There were similar provisions in Acts providing for the rebuilding of London after the Great Fire .
there were similar provisions in acts [giving] for the rebuilding of london after the great fire .

As authorities built up resources and expertise , and became able to take on the responsibility for making available all land needed for particular types of development , the secretary of state was to have made orders providing that land for development of the kind designated in the order and in the area specified by the order must have passed through public ownership before development took place .
as authorities built up resources and expertise , and became able to take on the responsibility for making available all land needed for particular types of development , the secretary of state was to have made orders [giving] that land for development of the kind designated in the order and in the area specified by the order must have passed through public ownership before development took place .

It is , in fact , partly a financial one ( providing the necessary infrastructure ) , but mainly a political one .
it is , in fact , partly a financial one ( [giving] the necessary infrastructure ) , but mainly a political one .

The 1947 Agriculture Act demanded ‘ a stable and efficient industry , capable of providing such part of the nation 's food as in the national interest it is desirable to produce ’ .
the 1947 agriculture act demanded ‘ a stable and efficient industry , capable of [giving] such part of the nation 's food as in the national interest it is desirable to produce ’ .

This is now leading to an increase in the availability of public sector land for development by the private sector , which is complemented by policies providing financial incentives such as Derelict Land Grant and the Urban Development Grant .
this is now leading to an increase in the availability of public sector land for development by the private sector , which is complemented by policies [giving] financial incentives such as derelict land grant and the urban development grant .

providing educational facilities and services , instruction and information to the public in relation to ancient monuments , historic buildings and conservation areas in England ;
[giving] educational facilities and services , instruction and information to the public in relation to ancient monuments , historic buildings and conservation areas in england ;

Under an agreement with the secretary of state , the Church Commissioners do not proceed with the demolition of a listed redundant church or an unlisted one in a conservation area without providing the opportunity for the secretary of state to hold a non-statutory public inquiry .
under an agreement with the secretary of state , the church commissioners do not proceed with the demolition of a listed redundant church or an unlisted one in a conservation area without [giving] the opportunity for the secretary of state to hold a non-statutory public inquiry .

The Countess , like the Merry Widow , could be played at almost any age providing she was elegant .
the countess , like the merry widow , could be played at almost any age [giving] she was elegant .

It was all right providing he was n't ignored and abandoned .
it was all right [giving] he was n't ignored and abandoned .

You have quite a reputation in our profession for providing the catalyst of many a legal battle .
you have quite a reputation in our profession for [giving] the catalyst of many a legal battle .

He was n't given too long a sentence providing he agreed to go into a clinic — you know — to be dried out and cured .
he was n't given too long a sentence [giving] he agreed to go into a clinic — you know — to be dried out and cured .

Children are not at increased psychiatric risk if their mother goes out to work , for instance , providing the alternative day care arrangements are of good quality , ensuring continuity of caretaking , adequate love and attention and opportunity for play and conversation .
children are not at increased psychiatric risk if their mother goes out to work , for instance , [giving] the alternative day care arrangements are of good quality , ensuring continuity of caretaking , adequate love and attention and opportunity for play and conversation .

Evidence in this area has led to the conclusion that institutions are not capable of providing adequate parenting for the very young child and to the statement by the Royal College of Psychiatrists ( 1983 ) to the Standing Committee on Children in Care in Britain that no child under the age of three years should ever be placed in a residential nursery .
evidence in this area has led to the conclusion that institutions are not capable of [giving] adequate parenting for the very young child and to the statement by the royal college of psychiatrists ( 1983 ) to the standing committee on children in care in britain that no child under the age of three years should ever be placed in a residential nursery .

Indeed , some hospitals have begun to experiment with providing complete physical rest as central to a treatment programme for cardiac cases , which is then followed by instruction on relaxation techniques through which people may be more effective in controlling anxiety ( e.g .
indeed , some hospitals have begun to experiment with [giving] complete physical rest as central to a treatment programme for cardiac cases , which is then followed by instruction on relaxation techniques through which people may be more effective in controlling anxiety ( e.g .

Of course , Western Europe is providing financial and technical help and opportunities exist for experienced exporters , but a realistic , long-term view is essential .
of course , western europe is [giving] financial and technical help and opportunities exist for experienced exporters , but a realistic , long-term view is essential .

This programme is being held in association with The Scotsman which is providing advertising assistance and appropriate coverage .
this programme is being held in association with the scotsman which is [giving] advertising assistance and appropriate coverage .

In a couple of seasons the younger players in the side should have come on considerably and be contributing regularly — it is then players like Rocky would come into their own , providing the guidance and experience that people like Strach have been doing .
in a couple of seasons the younger players in the side should have come on considerably and be contributing regularly — it is then players like rocky would come into their own , [giving] the guidance and experience that people like strach have been doing .

Pipe flow illustrates , in a more extreme way than other flows , the limitations to linear stability theory ( Section 17.4 ) , in providing only a sufficient condition for flow breakdown , not a necessary one .
pipe flow illustrates , in a more extreme way than other flows , the limitations to linear stability theory ( section 17.4 ) , in [giving] only a sufficient condition for flow breakdown , not a necessary one .

Hence , such experiments are normally carried out in a laboratory permanently equipped with a wind-tunnel ( the name for any system providing a working air stream ) , a water flume or channel ( similar systems with water ) , or a towing tank ( a large tank of stationary water through which an obstacle can be moved ) .
hence , such experiments are normally carried out in a laboratory permanently equipped with a wind-tunnel ( the name for any system [giving] a working air stream ) , a water flume or channel ( similar systems with water ) , or a towing tank ( a large tank of stationary water through which an obstacle can be moved ) .

On 29th April , 1971 the Guerilla Art Action Group sent letters to Nixon , Agnew , and Kissinger exhorting them to ‘ Eat What You Kill ’ , and providing the market prices of brains , tongues , blood and heads .
on 29th april , 1971 the guerilla art action group sent letters to nixon , agnew , and kissinger exhorting them to ‘ eat what you kill ’ , and [giving] the market prices of brains , tongues , blood and heads .

providing a pathway through the new thinking on cultural representation and gender developed by feminist artists , critics and writers over the last decade , the book is wideranging ; a useful introduction to what might be defined as the field of feminist cultural studies .
[giving] a pathway through the new thinking on cultural representation and gender developed by feminist artists , critics and writers over the last decade , the book is wideranging ; a useful introduction to what might be defined as the field of feminist cultural studies .

They all have the common function of providing a link between those who wish to lend and those who wish to borrow .
they all have the common function of [giving] a link between those who wish to lend and those who wish to borrow .

They specialize in providing branch banking facilities to individuals .
they specialize in [giving] branch banking facilities to individuals .

These specialize in providing hire-purchase finance for the purchase of consumer durables such as cars and electrical goods .
these specialize in [giving] hire-purchase finance for the purchase of consumer durables such as cars and electrical goods .

Apart from providing a mechanism for the transmission of payments , the other important role of the banks is to provide financial intermediation .
apart from [giving] a mechanism for the transmission of payments , the other important role of the banks is to provide financial intermediation .

The radical right is committed to laissez-faire policies , with the main economic role of the government reduced to that of providing ‘ sound money ’ .
the radical right is committed to laissez-faire policies , with the main economic role of the government reduced to that of [giving] ‘ sound money ’ .

Monetarists see the prime role of macroeconomic policy as providing an environment conducive to private enterprise and investment .
monetarists see the prime role of macroeconomic policy as [giving] an environment conducive to private enterprise and investment .

Monetary policy , they argue , providing it is carefully designed and executed , can control the money supply .
monetary policy , they argue , [giving] it is carefully designed and executed , can control the money supply .

One such hypothesis with respect to tropical trees argues that the solid bole of a tree locks up an enormous amount of nutrients and that , if this could be recycled by ‘ employing ’ micro-organisms to rot down the heartwood , thus providing a roost for animals whose nests and droppings would subsequently rot too , the roots of long-lived organisms like trees would be prevented from exhausting local resources and competing with other roots , and the chemicals produced to prevent heartrotting would be saved . The discovery of a species of Guarea ( Meliaceae ) with its own roots growing up into its hollow trunk , shortcircuiting the nutrient cycle , seemed excellent evidence in support of the hypothesis , though in Jamaica it was found that many such hollow trees were full of roots , but some of them were from trees that were not merely different individuals , but of different species !
one such hypothesis with respect to tropical trees argues that the solid bole of a tree locks up an enormous amount of nutrients and that , if this could be recycled by ‘ employing ’ micro-organisms to rot down the heartwood , thus [giving] a roost for animals whose nests and droppings would subsequently rot too , the roots of long-lived organisms like trees would be prevented from exhausting local resources and competing with other roots , and the chemicals produced to prevent heartrotting would be saved . the discovery of a species of guarea ( meliaceae ) with its own roots growing up into its hollow trunk , shortcircuiting the nutrient cycle , seemed excellent evidence in support of the hypothesis , though in jamaica it was found that many such hollow trees were full of roots , but some of them were from trees that were not merely different individuals , but of different species !

The trees were found to exhibit three types of phenology : ( i ) low fruit production over a long time ( usually pioneers ) ; ( ii ) synchronous but irregular fruiting ( associated with predator satiation of rodents , the seeds being larger than those in ( i ) ; and ( iii ) synchronous regular cycles with successive and partly overlapping fruit production ( providing a year-round supply for the frugivores ) .
the trees were found to exhibit three types of phenology : ( i ) low fruit production over a long time ( usually pioneers ) ; ( ii ) synchronous but irregular fruiting ( associated with predator satiation of rodents , the seeds being larger than those in ( i ) ; and ( iii ) synchronous regular cycles with successive and partly overlapping fruit production ( [giving] a year-round supply for the frugivores ) .

Property and equipment costs increased to £391,946 and this aspect of expenditure is the subject of a consultant 's report which is investigating the Council 's present property requirements , commitments and costs with a view to providing future options .
property and equipment costs increased to £391,946 and this aspect of expenditure is the subject of a consultant 's report which is investigating the council 's present property requirements , commitments and costs with a view to [giving] future options .

The prefaces to the operas are specially detailed , providing information on the work s ’ genes is , on contemporary reception , on costumes and sets , revivals , box-office takings , cast changes , and much besides .
the prefaces to the operas are specially detailed , [giving] information on the work s ’ genes is , on contemporary reception , on costumes and sets , revivals , box-office takings , cast changes , and much besides .

One is the practical one of providing a separate part for the harpsichordist so that the two instrumentalists would not have to look over her shoulder .
one is the practical one of [giving] a separate part for the harpsichordist so that the two instrumentalists would not have to look over her shoulder .

We are also trying to make News and Current Affairs a better place to work by providing more flexible ways of working .
we are also trying to make news and current affairs a better place to work by [giving] more flexible ways of working .

Wall sconces providing a dim light , they climbed the staircase in silence .
wall sconces [giving] a dim light , they climbed the staircase in silence .

She stepped out from behind her rock , her skimpy dress clinging uncomfortably to her wet skin , providing absolutely no warmth , and still reeking of smoke .
she stepped out from behind her rock , her skimpy dress clinging uncomfortably to her wet skin , [giving] absolutely no warmth , and still reeking of smoke .

Since the intention of this chapter has been to provide an introduction to global tectonics and the major elements of the Earth 's morphology and structure , the suggested reading is mainly limited to texts which will be useful in providing more details on these topics .
since the intention of this chapter has been to provide an introduction to global tectonics and the major elements of the earth 's morphology and structure , the suggested reading is mainly limited to texts which will be useful in [giving] more details on these topics .

With dedicated account teams and long term relationships there may be a confidential sharing of the vendor 's longer term strategy and product development plans , complemented by the client corporation having input to product specification and providing feedback from product testing .
with dedicated account teams and long term relationships there may be a confidential sharing of the vendor 's longer term strategy and product development plans , complemented by the client corporation having input to product specification and [giving] feedback from product testing .

During a period of active mailing and amendment ( with the system providing version control and appropriate access and editing controls ) the record will be referenced by authorised users utilising both function based and less structured retrieval tools in the communal electronic record system .
during a period of active mailing and amendment ( with the system [giving] version control and appropriate access and editing controls ) the record will be referenced by authorised users utilising both function based and less structured retrieval tools in the communal electronic record system .

The pace of change is such that internal information systems ( for example for finance , staff and related issues ) are often providing data for an organisation that no longer exists .
the pace of change is such that internal information systems ( for example for finance , staff and related issues ) are often [giving] data for an organisation that no longer exists .

Simple links and cross references , providing basic hypertextual features ;
simple links and cross references , [giving] basic hypertextual features ;

Anyone who has attempted to compile machine-readable data either for teaching or research purposes will agree that such an undertaking impinges so greatly on our time and resources as to minimize our interest in providing support for other scholars who might become interested in our data .
anyone who has attempted to compile machine-readable data either for teaching or research purposes will agree that such an undertaking impinges so greatly on our time and resources as to minimize our interest in [giving] support for other scholars who might become interested in our data .

Should it come from humanities computing or computing science departments providing service teaching to the histories , or from the history departments themselves ?
should it come from humanities computing or computing science departments [giving] service teaching to the histories , or from the history departments themselves ?

The alternative strategy — historians providing computer training from within their own departments — is no less problematic .
the alternative strategy — historians [giving] computer training from within their own departments — is no less problematic .

Hopefully what will emerge from the tensions which are apparent in the community interested in providing historians with computer training is a tripartite approach .
hopefully what will emerge from the tensions which are apparent in the community interested in [giving] historians with computer training is a tripartite approach .

As many of the papers in this section reveal , the new technologies are providing information specialists with the ability to improve access to collections for academic research , especially via networks , to enhance the quality of texts , and to develop more powerful means of analysis .
as many of the papers in this section reveal , the new technologies are [giving] information specialists with the ability to improve access to collections for academic research , especially via networks , to enhance the quality of texts , and to develop more powerful means of analysis .

Most of its cost recovery will be achieved by providing to customers such as surveyors , planners , property developers and the like a vastly enhanced and continuously up-dated digital database .
most of its cost recovery will be achieved by [giving] to customers such as surveyors , planners , property developers and the like a vastly enhanced and continuously up-dated digital database .

It will raise issues such as the organisation , integration , and management of research materials in a variety of formats — print , images , multimedia , and digital texts ; the increasingly complex task of providing access to such information ; and , the requirements for training and support of readers .
it will raise issues such as the organisation , integration , and management of research materials in a variety of formats — print , images , multimedia , and digital texts ; the increasingly complex task of [giving] access to such information ; and , the requirements for training and support of readers .

However this paper argues that it is essential to support the use of data by providing a flexible and speedy service in disseminating data .
however this paper argues that it is essential to support the use of data by [giving] a flexible and speedy service in disseminating data .

Some depositors may believe that they have an obligation to archive and make available their data by virtue of having used public funds to collect it or public time and co-operation in providing it .
some depositors may believe that they have an obligation to archive and make available their data by virtue of having used public funds to collect it or public time and co-operation in [giving] it .

In summary then the difficulties for the Archive lie in trying to identify users ’ needs and in providing them with the appropriate service on a range from an on-line determined access ( in which the Archive itself is relatively ‘ transparent ’ ) through to a supportive guided approach .
in summary then the difficulties for the archive lie in trying to identify users ’ needs and in [giving] them with the appropriate service on a range from an on-line determined access ( in which the archive itself is relatively ‘ transparent ’ ) through to a supportive guided approach .

Secondly by providing well thought out and constructive guidelines for documenting data collections and , if possible , documentation software .
secondly by [giving] well thought out and constructive guidelines for documenting data collections and , if possible , documentation software .

Indeed , traditional archivists devote much time and resources to providing users with a description of the administrative framework that gave rise to the generation of a particular record or class of records .
indeed , traditional archivists devote much time and resources to [giving] users with a description of the administrative framework that gave rise to the generation of a particular record or class of records .

The many detailed catalogues and calendars stand as testimony to the archivists ’ skill in providing this information .
the many detailed catalogues and calendars stand as testimony to the archivists ’ skill in [giving] this information .

Its third great function , that of providing the capital for urban and industrial development itself , it could hardly help fulfilling in agrarian countries , where there were few other sources of revenue for governments and the rich ; though it might fulfil it inefficiently and inadequately .
its third great function , that of [giving] the capital for urban and industrial development itself , it could hardly help fulfilling in agrarian countries , where there were few other sources of revenue for governments and the rich ; though it might fulfil it inefficiently and inadequately .

expresses the involuntariness with which firms , no less than workers , must be acting during periods of unemployment … For just as the latter are then not receiving as much employment as they would normally like at the prevailing real wage rate , so the former are not providing as much as they would normally like .
expresses the involuntariness with which firms , no less than workers , must be acting during periods of unemployment … for just as the latter are then not receiving as much employment as they would normally like at the prevailing real wage rate , so the former are not [giving] as much as they would normally like .

All attempts at providing such a measure have proved to be abortive .
all attempts at [giving] such a measure have proved to be abortive .

Providing that there was no threat to their members ' jobs , trades unions felt that they had a free hand in wage negotiations , often seeming to pluck numbers out of thin air and try it on with employers .
[giving] that there was no threat to their members ' jobs , trades unions felt that they had a free hand in wage negotiations , often seeming to pluck numbers out of thin air and try it on with employers .

( b ) If a party should be dilatory in providing his certificate of readiness , the correct procedure is not to complain to the court but simply to apply on notice for a hearing date to be fixed .
( b ) if a party should be dilatory in [giving] his certificate of readiness , the correct procedure is not to complain to the court but simply to apply on notice for a hearing date to be fixed .

It is therefore necessary to calculate the husband 's annual net pecuniary loss , taking into account the loss of the wife 's earnings and the cost of employing a housekeeper or other help to provide the services the wife was formerly providing .
it is therefore necessary to calculate the husband 's annual net pecuniary loss , taking into account the loss of the wife 's earnings and the cost of employing a housekeeper or other help to provide the services the wife was formerly [giving] .

If the required documents are not so served , the court may specify a time limit for providing them , or make such order as it thinks fit , including dispensing with the requirements or staying proceedings .
if the required documents are not so served , the court may specify a time limit for [giving] them , or make such order as it thinks fit , including dispensing with the requirements or staying proceedings .

Section 5 prevents this practice completely , by providing that avoidance of liability for defective goods caused by negligence of the person involved in their manufacture or distribution can not be excluded by a term or notice in a `` guarantee `` of goods ordinarily supplied for private use or consumption as against a person who has found the goods to be defective while he was using them , or while they were in his possession , otherwise than exclusively for the purposes of a business .
section 5 prevents this practice completely , by [giving] that avoidance of liability for defective goods caused by negligence of the person involved in their manufacture or distribution can not be excluded by a term or notice in a `` guarantee `` of goods ordinarily supplied for private use or consumption as against a person who has found the goods to be defective while he was using them , or while they were in his possession , otherwise than exclusively for the purposes of a business .

It is far better for the buyer and the seller to avoid all these arguments by providing for an express period of time in which defects will be remedied .
it is far better for the buyer and the seller to avoid all these arguments by [giving] for an express period of time in which defects will be remedied .

First of all , he can include a patent indemnity , without any exclusion clause tacked on to it , along the lines set out above , providing express but limited remedies , and , in particular , not putting forward an express right to compensation for economic loss .
first of all , he can include a patent indemnity , without any exclusion clause tacked on to it , along the lines set out above , [giving] express but limited remedies , and , in particular , not putting forward an express right to compensation for economic loss .

The financial strain on the firm can be eased by : ( 1 ) effecting sufficient insurance cover ( see Chapter 5 ) ; ( 2 ) the inclusion of suitable provisions ( Clause 20 ) in the partnership deed clearly setting out the procedures to be adopted for the continuing partners to have the option to purchase the deceased 's share from his estate on an appropriate time scale or providing for an automatic accruer to the surviving partners ; ( 3 ) the inclusion of provisions in the deceased 's will enlarging the discretion of the personal representatives as to the time for realisation of assets in the estate and generally as to arrangements which may be concluded with the continuing partners ; and ( 4 ) where ( which is not unusual ) one of the personal representatives is a continuing partner , the inclusion in the will of specific authority for that partner in his capacity as personal representative and trustee to conclude agreements with the firm .
the financial strain on the firm can be eased by : ( 1 ) effecting sufficient insurance cover ( see chapter 5 ) ; ( 2 ) the inclusion of suitable provisions ( clause 20 ) in the partnership deed clearly setting out the procedures to be adopted for the continuing partners to have the option to purchase the deceased 's share from his estate on an appropriate time scale or [giving] for an automatic accruer to the surviving partners ; ( 3 ) the inclusion of provisions in the deceased 's will enlarging the discretion of the personal representatives as to the time for realisation of assets in the estate and generally as to arrangements which may be concluded with the continuing partners ; and ( 4 ) where ( which is not unusual ) one of the personal representatives is a continuing partner , the inclusion in the will of specific authority for that partner in his capacity as personal representative and trustee to conclude agreements with the firm .

Some firms have adopted a formula which reserves a power to prevent more than one partner departing in any given period ( say a year ) , with complementary provisions to determine priority as between notices served on the same day , though in these frantic head-hunting times when whole departments may be recruited at a stroke , such provisions are realistically best seen as providing a basis for negotiation ( and perhaps financial adjustment by way of compensation ) .
some firms have adopted a formula which reserves a power to prevent more than one partner departing in any given period ( say a year ) , with complementary provisions to determine priority as between notices served on the same day , though in these frantic head-hunting times when whole departments may be recruited at a stroke , such provisions are realistically best seen as [giving] a basis for negotiation ( and perhaps financial adjustment by way of compensation ) .

That will be achieved in one of two ways : ( 1 ) by providing for its automatic accruer in consideration of or linked to an appropriate payment ; or ( 2 ) by giving the continuing partners an option to acquire the share at an ascertainable price .
that will be achieved in one of two ways : ( 1 ) by [giving] for its automatic accruer in consideration of or linked to an appropriate payment ; or ( 2 ) by giving the continuing partners an option to acquire the share at an ascertainable price .

( c ) Goodwill Before the Finance Act 1956 and the introduction of tax relief for contributions to retirement annuity contracts for the self-employed , outgoing partners in solicitors ' firms invariably relied upon being paid out for their interest in the firm 's goodwill as the principal means of providing for themselves and their families during their retirement and after their death .
( c ) goodwill before the finance act 1956 and the introduction of tax relief for contributions to retirement annuity contracts for the self-employed , outgoing partners in solicitors ' firms invariably relied upon being paid out for their interest in the firm 's goodwill as the principal means of [giving] for themselves and their families during their retirement and after their death .

Practice is , of course , even less representative than the law reports , but it does have the advantage of providing examples of the use of expert determination where there were no recorded disputes .
practice is , of course , even less representative than the law reports , but it does have the advantage of [giving] examples of the use of expert determination where there were no recorded disputes .

Some on-demand guarantees contain clauses providing for one of the parties to certify an event such as a breach of contract triggering the guarantor 's liability : see further 16.2.6 .
some on-demand guarantees contain clauses [giving] for one of the parties to certify an event such as a breach of contract triggering the guarantor 's liability : see further 16.2.6 .

The parties accepted that the court was entitled to decide matters of construction because , as well as the clause in their agreement providing for expert determination , there was also a clause which said that the agreement was to be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and that the parties submitted to the jurisdiction of the High Court .
the parties accepted that the court was entitled to decide matters of construction because , as well as the clause in their agreement [giving] for expert determination , there was also a clause which said that the agreement was to be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of england and that the parties submitted to the jurisdiction of the high court .

an expert of technical issues in a disputes clause providing for arbitration of non-technical issues : see 6.8. general disputes to an expert for determination : see 6.9. these types of clause .
an expert of technical issues in a disputes clause [giving] for arbitration of non-technical issues : see 6.8. general disputes to an expert for determination : see 6.9. these types of clause .

Expert clauses which set out the procedure in more detail than providing that the parties have the right to make representations are probably not very helpful .
expert clauses which set out the procedure in more detail than [giving] that the parties have the right to make representations are probably not very helpful .

There used to be a particular difficulty in clauses providing for the appointment of valuers by each party who would then refer the matter to an umpire : see 9.8.1 .
there used to be a particular difficulty in clauses [giving] for the appointment of valuers by each party who would then refer the matter to an umpire : see 9.8.1 .

Draftsmen found an answer by providing that , if either party neglected to appoint a valuer , the valuation provided by the other party 's valuer would be binding .
draftsmen found an answer by [giving] that , if either party neglected to appoint a valuer , the valuation provided by the other party 's valuer would be binding .

Whether an appointment is valid depends on the interpretation of the agreement providing that the appointment is to be made , correspondence between the parties about the appointment , and the acts of an appointing authority .
whether an appointment is valid depends on the interpretation of the agreement [giving] that the appointment is to be made , correspondence between the parties about the appointment , and the acts of an appointing authority .

For instance , a clause providing for auditors to value shares may state that the auditor is to certify their `` fair value `` or similar words ( see 3.5 ) ; a minority holding of shares is to be valued without regard to the fact that it is a minority holding ( see 3.6 ) ; surveyors have to assume certain facts and disregard others in establishing a rental ( see 2.3.3 ) .
for instance , a clause [giving] for auditors to value shares may state that the auditor is to certify their `` fair value `` or similar words ( see 3.5 ) ; a minority holding of shares is to be valued without regard to the fact that it is a minority holding ( see 3.6 ) ; surveyors have to assume certain facts and disregard others in establishing a rental ( see 2.3.3 ) .

14.6.1 An obsolete status providing immunity for experts
14.6.1 an obsolete status [giving] immunity for experts

Where part of a building is let off as a separate factory the landlord will be responsible for providing and maintaining in efficient working order and good repair sufficient and suitable sanitary conveniences for the persons employed in the factory ( Factories Act 1961 , s7 ( 1 ) , s122 ) .
where part of a building is let off as a separate factory the landlord will be responsible for [giving] and maintaining in efficient working order and good repair sufficient and suitable sanitary conveniences for the persons employed in the factory ( factories act 1961 , s7 ( 1 ) , s122 ) .

The vendor is likely to agree to the target 's providing this information only if the purchaser enters into a confidentiality undertaking .
the vendor is likely to agree to the target 's [giving] this information only if the purchaser enters into a confidentiality undertaking .

As well as providing time to construct the transaction , this clause gives the management certainty that the business will not be sold over their heads during this period .
as well as [giving] time to construct the transaction , this clause gives the management certainty that the business will not be sold over their heads during this period .

Employee trusts have increased in popularity over the past decade or so as a method of providing incentives for employees .
employee trusts have increased in popularity over the past decade or so as a method of [giving] incentives for employees .

There are various options available for providing Newco with funds .
there are various options available for [giving] newco with funds .

The investors do not perceive the warranties as providing them with a course of action , but as a way for management to confirm the business plan and the facts of the accountants ' report ; and provide as much information as possible about the business to be purchased .
the investors do not perceive the warranties as [giving] them with a course of action , but as a way for management to confirm the business plan and the facts of the accountants ' report ; and provide as much information as possible about the business to be purchased .

Different classes of share will be created and issued by the company to the management and the investors in order : ( a ) to allow a large share capital to be created without unduly diluting the management 's interest ; ( b ) to reduce the investors ' risk by providing a part of the share capital to be in the form of preference shares , which will enable the company to redeem as quickly as the cash flow and profits allow ; ( c ) to set up a " ratchet " mechanism which will allow for the management shareholding to increase with the success of the company . The following are the types of share that will ordinarily be seen in a management buy-out :
different classes of share will be created and issued by the company to the management and the investors in order : ( a ) to allow a large share capital to be created without unduly diluting the management 's interest ; ( b ) to reduce the investors ' risk by [giving] a part of the share capital to be in the form of preference shares , which will enable the company to redeem as quickly as the cash flow and profits allow ; ( c ) to set up a " ratchet " mechanism which will allow for the management shareholding to increase with the success of the company . the following are the types of share that will ordinarily be seen in a management buy-out :

The obvious answer is for the vendors to keep the guarantees in place , with Newco providing a counter-indemnity .
the obvious answer is for the vendors to keep the guarantees in place , with newco [giving] a counter-indemnity .

The British government is committed to retaining the option for nuclear power , providing the industry can operate economically and meet rigorous safety and environmental standards , Energy Minister Tim Eggar told a London conference organised by the nuclear industry .
the british government is committed to retaining the option for nuclear power , [giving] the industry can operate economically and meet rigorous safety and environmental standards , energy minister tim eggar told a london conference organised by the nuclear industry .

Farmers within ESAs can receive grants in return for signing management agreements providing for environment-friendly farming practises .
farmers within esas can receive grants in return for signing management agreements [giving] for environment-friendly farming practises .

providing a reprieve for 200,000 penguins and other wildlife .
[giving] a reprieve for 200,000 penguins and other wildlife .

The proposals also allow government departments to make `` reasonable charges `` for providing information , including staff time and overheads .
the proposals also allow government departments to make `` reasonable charges `` for [giving] information , including staff time and overheads .

The dispute over Hungary 's withdrawal from the project , in alleged contravention of the 1977 bilateral treaty providing for its construction , may go to the International Court of Justice in The Hague .
the dispute over hungary 's withdrawal from the project , in alleged contravention of the 1977 bilateral treaty [giving] for its construction , may go to the international court of justice in the hague .

Key objectives include preserving forest biodiversity and providing benefit to forest peoples .
key objectives include preserving forest biodiversity and [giving] benefit to forest peoples .

Farmers are now able to reclaim from the Ministry of Agriculture 50 per cent of the cost of providing hedges , gates and stiles .
farmers are now able to reclaim from the ministry of agriculture 50 per cent of the cost of [giving] hedges , gates and stiles .

The current emphasis on providing more qualitative environmental information is noted , though the study predicts that the next generation of reports will contain more quantitative data in order to benchmark company and industry performance .
the current emphasis on [giving] more qualitative environmental information is noted , though the study predicts that the next generation of reports will contain more quantitative data in order to benchmark company and industry performance .

The State of California 's Air Resources Board has announced new regulations for petrol , providing for a 30 per cent cut in emissions of air pollutants .
the state of california 's air resources board has announced new regulations for petrol , [giving] for a 30 per cent cut in emissions of air pollutants .

The countries have also committed themselves to ( i ) promoting integrated pest management in agriculture and ( ii ) providing financial and technical support to farmers to help them introduce non-chemical methods of controlling pests .
the countries have also committed themselves to ( i ) promoting integrated pest management in agriculture and ( ii ) [giving] financial and technical support to farmers to help them introduce non-chemical methods of controlling pests .

The scientists believe , contrary to many colleagues and environmentalists , that the ocean environment is not as fragile as previously thought and will be able to process and absorb sewage sludge ( the residue from sewage-treatment plants ) , thus providing a safer and cheaper method of dealing with it than landfill dumping or burning .
the scientists believe , contrary to many colleagues and environmentalists , that the ocean environment is not as fragile as previously thought and will be able to process and absorb sewage sludge ( the residue from sewage-treatment plants ) , thus [giving] a safer and cheaper method of dealing with it than landfill dumping or burning .

Government-sponsored grants to British farmers to promote environmentally friendly land management are providing a substantial contribution to their incomes and more than offset losses resulting from less intensive agriculture .
government-sponsored grants to british farmers to promote environmentally friendly land management are [giving] a substantial contribution to their incomes and more than offset losses resulting from less intensive agriculture .

Studies are providing increasing evidence that the huge quantities of topsoil blown away under drought conditions in Africa are benefiting marine life , soils and vegetation to the west , in the Atlantic Ocean and the Americas .
studies are [giving] increasing evidence that the huge quantities of topsoil blown away under drought conditions in africa are benefiting marine life , soils and vegetation to the west , in the atlantic ocean and the americas .

With atmospheric levels of carbon dioxide expected to double in the next century , plants would open the stomata through which they breathe for shorter periods reducing the transpiration of water and providing less water for cloud formation .
with atmospheric levels of carbon dioxide expected to double in the next century , plants would open the stomata through which they breathe for shorter periods reducing the transpiration of water and [giving] less water for cloud formation .

Botswana 's wildlife is disappearing in the face of the rapid expansion of the country 's cattle industry , primarily aimed at providing beef for export to Europe .
botswana 's wildlife is disappearing in the face of the rapid expansion of the country 's cattle industry , primarily aimed at [giving] beef for export to europe .

Speakers at the conference also criticized the Department of the Environment for not providing local authorities with funds to enable them to track down offenders .
speakers at the conference also criticized the department of the environment for not [giving] local authorities with funds to enable them to track down offenders .

The rain would meanwhile be desalinated by evaporation and filtration , providing fresh water as a bonus .
the rain would meanwhile be desalinated by evaporation and filtration , [giving] fresh water as a bonus .

The Commission proposes a system combining the strengths of a liability regime with the advantages of compensation systems , providing a means to repair environmental damage even in cases where liability could not be established .
the commission proposes a system combining the strengths of a liability regime with the advantages of compensation systems , [giving] a means to repair environmental damage even in cases where liability could not be established .

The researchers did find that volcanic eruptions encourage the destruction of stratospheric ozone by providing a profusion of aerosol particles , which act as catalysts for the reactions that destroy ozone .
the researchers did find that volcanic eruptions encourage the destruction of stratospheric ozone by [giving] a profusion of aerosol particles , which act as catalysts for the reactions that destroy ozone .

Imported products which failed to meet these standards could be subjected to extra duties providing that : the environmental standards had a scientific base ; the same standards must be applied to all competitive domestic production ; and imported products could be proved to be causing economic damage to competitive domestic industries .
imported products which failed to meet these standards could be subjected to extra duties [giving] that : the environmental standards had a scientific base ; the same standards must be applied to all competitive domestic production ; and imported products could be proved to be causing economic damage to competitive domestic industries .

English Nature is providing £150,000 over three years in grants to support heathland management projects .
english nature is [giving] £150,000 over three years in grants to support heathland management projects .

Environment Ministers from eight Arctic countries meeting in Nuuk , Greenland , in September , failed to reach agreement on providing finance for monitoring pollution in the region .
environment ministers from eight arctic countries meeting in nuuk , greenland , in september , failed to reach agreement on [giving] finance for monitoring pollution in the region .

Polytechnics stress more vocational , practical subjects , often providing sandwich courses ( part teaching , part practical job experience ) , while universities tend to stress more academic subjects .
polytechnics stress more vocational , practical subjects , often [giving] sandwich courses ( part teaching , part practical job experience ) , while universities tend to stress more academic subjects .

The Open University is notable for being a nonresidential university , providing tuition by correspondence and though special television and radio progams ; it is the only university that required no formal academic qualifications in order to enroll .
the open university is notable for being a nonresidential university , [giving] tuition by correspondence and though special television and radio progams ; it is the only university that required no formal academic qualifications in order to enroll .

Attendance at school , and particularly at certain schools , can be important also in providing an environment that can serve to reinforce certain norms and traditions .
attendance at school , and particularly at certain schools , can be important also in [giving] an environment that can serve to reinforce certain norms and traditions .

At leading public schools , most notably Eton , there is a tradition of providing MPs , government ministers , and prime ministers .
at leading public schools , most notably eton , there is a tradition of [giving] mps , government ministers , and prime ministers .

There are other analyses that go beyond the structural or policy analyses , providing somewhat more complex explanations .
there are other analyses that go beyond the structural or policy analyses , [giving] somewhat more complex explanations .

This is achieved by providing a system whereby the information regarding the cut is conveyed in a manner closely resembling the conventional process of the skilled machinist .
this is achieved by [giving] a system whereby the information regarding the cut is conveyed in a manner closely resembling the conventional process of the skilled machinist .

In general , it seems likely that what will emerge over the next few decades will be two parallel systems : one with large offshore windmills , wave power generators and tidal barrages providing electricity for the grid ; the other more decentralised , with solar and biomas providing heat on a small scale local basis , coupled with small windmills , water mills and turbines in rivers and streams providing electricity in certain mainly rural areas .
in general , it seems likely that what will emerge over the next few decades will be two parallel systems : one with large offshore windmills , wave power generators and tidal barrages [giving] electricity for the grid ; the other more decentralised , with solar and biomas [giving] heat on a small scale local basis , coupled with small windmills , water mills and turbines in rivers and streams [giving] electricity in certain mainly rural areas .

First of all , sentence ( a ) is part of the descriptive frame which is woven around the actional frame , providing a particularly apposite ending with its echo of `` the hospital `` referred to in the opening sentence ( a cohesive tie of repetition ) .
first of all , sentence ( a ) is part of the descriptive frame which is woven around the actional frame , [giving] a particularly apposite ending with its echo of `` the hospital `` referred to in the opening sentence ( a cohesive tie of repetition ) .

This group , and indeed the others who chose an ( a ) ending , argued that this developed an image of a coffin being nailed shut , thereby providing a symbolic analogue to the death of the cabinet ministers .
this group , and indeed the others who chose an ( a ) ending , argued that this developed an image of a coffin being nailed shut , thereby [giving] a symbolic analogue to the death of the cabinet ministers .

On the other hand , it may be suitable in creative writing classes where such activities are common but where an exercise such as that proposed here would have the added advantage of providing an insight into Hemingway 's method .
on the other hand , it may be suitable in creative writing classes where such activities are common but where an exercise such as that proposed here would have the added advantage of [giving] an insight into hemingway 's method .

The three standing stones of Lundin Links in Fife now watch over play on a golf course , though without providing any additional hazard .
the three standing stones of lundin links in fife now watch over play on a golf course , though without [giving] any additional hazard .

If a project is a genuine community-based initiative creating jobs and providing a service for the community , and if its management and accounts are in order , it is utterly unacceptable that it should not receive funding on the basis of its alleged political associations .
if a project is a genuine community-based initiative creating jobs and [giving] a service for the community , and if its management and accounts are in order , it is utterly unacceptable that it should not receive funding on the basis of its alleged political associations .

Many felt that the Committee members were merely providing a rubber stamp for Government decisions .
many felt that the committee members were merely [giving] a rubber stamp for government decisions .

It was pointed out that the Northern Ireland Council on Disability was in the process of investigating the services different agencies are providing for disabled people — not just in relation to physical access , but also in relation to access to the network of information on different services and projects which exclude disability interests .
it was pointed out that the northern ireland council on disability was in the process of investigating the services different agencies are [giving] for disabled people — not just in relation to physical access , but also in relation to access to the network of information on different services and projects which exclude disability interests .

They are not profit making organisations but are providing an essential service to the community .
they are not profit making organisations but are [giving] an essential service to the community .

Nearby there is an amusement arcade , an attractive boating lake , and a large area set aside for passive recreation which includes a viewing mound providing superb views of the North Wales coastal area .
nearby there is an amusement arcade , an attractive boating lake , and a large area set aside for passive recreation which includes a viewing mound [giving] superb views of the north wales coastal area .

Nearby a huge waterwheel has been developed to generate power for a special lift for less able visitors , providing access to the top of the falls .
nearby a huge waterwheel has been developed to generate power for a special lift for less able visitors , [giving] access to the top of the falls .

It is currently a popular picnic area and vantage point for the lower valley providing magnificent views over lush countryside .
it is currently a popular picnic area and vantage point for the lower valley [giving] magnificent views over lush countryside .

The kittens are certainly influenced by what their mother does , but there is no evidence that her action is directed at one specific behaviour , rather than simply providing them with an opportunity to behave generally with the victim .
the kittens are certainly influenced by what their mother does , but there is no evidence that her action is directed at one specific behaviour , rather than simply [giving] them with an opportunity to behave generally with the victim .

Only when the youngster gains sufficient strength and skill does her mother start to switch from providing opened nuts to providing a hammer and unopened ones .
only when the youngster gains sufficient strength and skill does her mother start to switch from [giving] opened nuts to [giving] a hammer and unopened ones .

Now , however , the mounting body of research has reinstated horse behaviour as interesting per se , as well as providing guidelines for the welfare and handling of domestic horses .
now , however , the mounting body of research has reinstated horse behaviour as interesting per se , as well as [giving] guidelines for the welfare and handling of domestic horses .

But God was not just providing a memory to cling to .
but god was not just [giving] a memory to cling to .

One must say that it does so by providing a price sufficient to pay off a debt of sin before God .
one must say that it does so by [giving] a price sufficient to pay off a debt of sin before god .

Some were timed to coincide with the changing seasons , reminding the people of God 's constant provision for them , and providing an opportunity to return to God some token of all that he had given .
some were timed to coincide with the changing seasons , reminding the people of god 's constant provision for them , and [giving] an opportunity to return to god some token of all that he had given .

They are moaning still , after all the years of God 's providing .
they are moaning still , after all the years of god 's [giving] .

To Henry it may well have seemed a sensible way of killing two birds with one stone — chastising rebels and at the same time providing his warlike second son with useful experience .
to henry it may well have seemed a sensible way of killing two birds with one stone — chastising rebels and at the same time [giving] his warlike second son with useful experience .

One eye may contain 15,000 elements , providing images that together constitute an almost hemispherical field of view .
one eye may contain 15,000 elements , [giving] images that together constitute an almost hemispherical field of view .

Mechanically , it works almost as well on land as it does in water , so that providing a creature can find a way of breathing , there is little to prevent it walking straight out of the sea and up the beach .
mechanically , it works almost as well on land as it does in water , so that [giving] a creature can find a way of breathing , there is little to prevent it walking straight out of the sea and up the beach .

Its pectoral fins , freed from the job of providing lift , could be used to give great refinement to the fishes ' control of movement , and their swimming skills reached near-perfection .
its pectoral fins , freed from the job of [giving] lift , could be used to give great refinement to the fishes ' control of movement , and their swimming skills reached near-perfection .

Instead of providing the British people with more incentives to work hard and succeed , the Labour Government preferred to increase taxes , so that it was hardly worth one 's while to produce more wealth . The top rate of taxation on investment income reached 98 per cent !
instead of [giving] the british people with more incentives to work hard and succeed , the labour government preferred to increase taxes , so that it was hardly worth one 's while to produce more wealth . the top rate of taxation on investment income reached 98 per cent !

If the Government sets itself the job of providing a framework of laws which enables families to meet those personal goals , the country will grow in prosperity and stability .
if the government sets itself the job of [giving] a framework of laws which enables families to meet those personal goals , the country will grow in prosperity and stability .

It is argued that the adult enables dialogue to take place by providing a number of important communicative functions , such as the following :
it is argued that the adult enables dialogue to take place by [giving] a number of important communicative functions , such as the following :

The Orchestra 's new home is Symphony Hall in the International Convention Centre , providing perfect acoustics in a superb setting .
the orchestra 's new home is symphony hall in the international convention centre , [giving] perfect acoustics in a superb setting .

In Four Quartets , Eliot is providing a consummation of the European tradition , just as he is offering a coherent account of his own poetic development .
in four quartets , eliot is [giving] a consummation of the european tradition , just as he is offering a coherent account of his own poetic development .

In the end , the account in Chapter 3 of the pressures for change amounts to an effective review of the recognition of the right of trade unions to be fully informed and consulted , in good time , by management about its intentions where they will or might affect the interests of employees organised by unions ; and so may be said to provide a firm footing for the argument that the practice of providing full information and of engaging in full consultation should be extended and adopted generally , in order that unions may better consider , and act in pursuance of , those interests .
in the end , the account in chapter 3 of the pressures for change amounts to an effective review of the recognition of the right of trade unions to be fully informed and consulted , in good time , by management about its intentions where they will or might affect the interests of employees organised by unions ; and so may be said to provide a firm footing for the argument that the practice of [giving] full information and of engaging in full consultation should be extended and adopted generally , in order that unions may better consider , and act in pursuance of , those interests .

What they have not yet recognised is that , if that is normality , if those are the institutions the system requires and that their normal behaviour , then the system is wrong and another is needed , a new economic model which will mark an advance from the sterile confrontation between Capitalism and Socialism , thesis and antithesis , to the synthesis providing a long overdue advance in democratic practice and a means of treating the chronic and disabling debility of the national economy .
what they have not yet recognised is that , if that is normality , if those are the institutions the system requires and that their normal behaviour , then the system is wrong and another is needed , a new economic model which will mark an advance from the sterile confrontation between capitalism and socialism , thesis and antithesis , to the synthesis [giving] a long overdue advance in democratic practice and a means of treating the chronic and disabling debility of the national economy .

The principle of jus cogens gives an objective basis for the assessment of the validity of treaties concluded between other States by providing that treaties conflicting with a norm of jus cogens are void .
the principle of jus cogens gives an objective basis for the assessment of the validity of treaties concluded between other states by [giving] that treaties conflicting with a norm of jus cogens are void .

‘ In providing these courses , ’ Gerwyn tells me , ‘ you 're making it dynamic .
‘ in [giving] these courses , ’ gerwyn tells me , ‘ you 're making it dynamic .

Nevertheless , the cost of providing an economic infrastructure was one which seemed to bear heavily upon the people and , as far as the rural communities were concerned , it may be argued that the French occupation brought little positive benefits .
nevertheless , the cost of [giving] an economic infrastructure was one which seemed to bear heavily upon the people and , as far as the rural communities were concerned , it may be argued that the french occupation brought little positive benefits .

Providing there was no direct Chinese communist intervention he was utterly confident that in one year not only would he have secured the Tonkin Delta but would have completely eradicated the Vietminh from South Vietnam so that , by the spring of 1953 , the Vietminh revolt would have been stamped out .
[giving] there was no direct chinese communist intervention he was utterly confident that in one year not only would he have secured the tonkin delta but would have completely eradicated the vietminh from south vietnam so that , by the spring of 1953 , the vietminh revolt would have been stamped out .

( The mildly mathematically-minded reader will appreciate that if only four genes are considered , each providing a simple alternative — as if all children were blue eyed or brown eyed with no other variation — the number of individuals of different characteristics possible would be 27 .
( the mildly mathematically-minded reader will appreciate that if only four genes are considered , each [giving] a simple alternative — as if all children were blue eyed or brown eyed with no other variation — the number of individuals of different characteristics possible would be 27 .

One might write at some length on the implications of libidinal fixation in the ways in which people regard and handle finance ( the interested reader is recommended to the work of Freudian and neo-Freudian writers in this respect ) while the symbolic connection of financial success and power with sexual puissance and virility , or the part which is played by earning and providing in terms of masculine role-fulfilment , will be reasonably evident .
one might write at some length on the implications of libidinal fixation in the ways in which people regard and handle finance ( the interested reader is recommended to the work of freudian and neo-freudian writers in this respect ) while the symbolic connection of financial success and power with sexual puissance and virility , or the part which is played by earning and [giving] in terms of masculine role-fulfilment , will be reasonably evident .

The endowment was £307 a year : £300 from the Goldsmiths , and £7 interest on gifts of £100 from Alderman Ephraim Hallam and £50 from Dr. Edwin Rayner providing annual prizes .
the endowment was £307 a year : £300 from the goldsmiths , and £7 interest on gifts of £100 from alderman ephraim hallam and £50 from dr. edwin rayner [giving] annual prizes .

Hallam 's generous gift providing leaving scholarships was finally accepted , and he himself became a Governor in October 1885 .
hallam 's generous gift [giving] leaving scholarships was finally accepted , and he himself became a governor in october 1885 .

Building work continued , with a second storey being added to the Junior School building to provide improved facilities for art , drama , and music ; and the Orchard was brought , providing room for possible future development .
building work continued , with a second storey being added to the junior school building to provide improved facilities for art , drama , and music ; and the orchard was brought , [giving] room for possible future development .

In that year too , Johnson secured an Education Act , providing $ 1.5 billion of Federal aid for elementary and secondary schools , including those run by religious denominations .
in that year too , johnson secured an education act , [giving] $ 1.5 billion of federal aid for elementary and secondary schools , including those run by religious denominations .

Air France gained many improvements to their airline training programme by allowing them to : significantly reduce the duration of the training cycle , reduce the time between hiring the pilot and the point at which he is qualified for jet operations by at least one year , reduce type conversion hours by at least 10% , and make an improvement in the selection of pilots by providing a better assessment of trainee ability for heavy or medium jet aircraft .
air france gained many improvements to their airline training programme by allowing them to : significantly reduce the duration of the training cycle , reduce the time between hiring the pilot and the point at which he is qualified for jet operations by at least one year , reduce type conversion hours by at least 10% , and make an improvement in the selection of pilots by [giving] a better assessment of trainee ability for heavy or medium jet aircraft .

We can also point to grammatical parallelisms which , although not devoid of content , merely seem to have an elaborative function , providing further examples of a concept already expressed : `` The sweetest rose hath his prickle `` already conveys , by proverbial extension , the meaning `` even the best things are alloyed with bad `` , and to that extent , the repetition of the pattern in `` the finest velvet his brack , the fairest flour his bran `` , is redundant.Lyly might not , one imagines , have added his last piece of pattern , the similitude of sanctity , unless he had hit on the alliteration of `` holiest head `` and `` wicked way `` .
we can also point to grammatical parallelisms which , although not devoid of content , merely seem to have an elaborative function , [giving] further examples of a concept already expressed : `` the sweetest rose hath his prickle `` already conveys , by proverbial extension , the meaning `` even the best things are alloyed with bad `` , and to that extent , the repetition of the pattern in `` the finest velvet his brack , the fairest flour his bran `` , is redundant.lyly might not , one imagines , have added his last piece of pattern , the similitude of sanctity , unless he had hit on the alliteration of `` holiest head `` and `` wicked way `` .

All except ( 6 ) have an introductory adverbial clause or phrase providing a point of orientation before we launch into a main clause .
all except ( 6 ) have an introductory adverbial clause or phrase [giving] a point of orientation before we launch into a main clause .

Many of the earliest public libraries were busily involved in adult education , providing lectures and discussion meetings , arranging exhibitions and displays , and going out with some of their stock to societies and schools and clubs in the most admirably proselytizing manner ; many actually had art galleries and museums under their care as well , providing an early example of multi-media provision .
many of the earliest public libraries were busily involved in adult education , [giving] lectures and discussion meetings , arranging exhibitions and displays , and going out with some of their stock to societies and schools and clubs in the most admirably proselytizing manner ; many actually had art galleries and museums under their care as well , [giving] an early example of multi-media provision .

This policy has undoubtedly lowered the standards of library provision … Providing a library for a College which has never had one before is a simple professional task but ensuring that the library becomes an integral part of the College educational structure is another matter … This is the significance of the term `` Tutor `` as distinct from administrator — a librarian who is actively engaged in seeking to encourage others to use books for pleasure and profit .
this policy has undoubtedly lowered the standards of library provision … [giving] a library for a college which has never had one before is a simple professional task but ensuring that the library becomes an integral part of the college educational structure is another matter … this is the significance of the term `` tutor `` as distinct from administrator — a librarian who is actively engaged in seeking to encourage others to use books for pleasure and profit .

Louis Shores foresees the student shaping his own course and his own curriculum , with the library providing the main means of achievement of his objectives as he sees them ; the teacher is to be available `` when needed `` .
louis shores foresees the student shaping his own course and his own curriculum , with the library [giving] the main means of achievement of his objectives as he sees them ; the teacher is to be available `` when needed `` .

It is here that team work gives extra support and guidance , providing a discussion framework in which such matters can be aired .
it is here that team work gives extra support and guidance , [giving] a discussion framework in which such matters can be aired .

In the school on whose work the Curriculum Development Project 's notebook was based , not all the sub-topics picked out by Mrs Ball were taken up , and of course it is the joy of a topic of this kind that this does not matter ; one is not concerned with `` covering the syllabus `` and `` getting everything in `` , but providing the stimulus for valuable enquiry , the development of interest and of concepts , and the practice of a variety of skills .
in the school on whose work the curriculum development project 's notebook was based , not all the sub-topics picked out by mrs ball were taken up , and of course it is the joy of a topic of this kind that this does not matter ; one is not concerned with `` covering the syllabus `` and `` getting everything in `` , but [giving] the stimulus for valuable enquiry , the development of interest and of concepts , and the practice of a variety of skills .

Sucked into the bureaucracy of their organizations , they feel there are few opportunities for providing a unique contribution to profit , for distinguishing themselves with exceptional results .
sucked into the bureaucracy of their organizations , they feel there are few opportunities for [giving] a unique contribution to profit , for distinguishing themselves with exceptional results .

In an intensely competitive world it is the `` master-buyer `` who has the power ; the `` servant-seller `` is weak and can only gain strength by providing a service superior to that of his competitors .
in an intensely competitive world it is the `` master-buyer `` who has the power ; the `` servant-seller `` is weak and can only gain strength by [giving] a service superior to that of his competitors .

It might start with a genuine smile , it might finish with a new `` high-class `` service none of his competitors is providing .
it might start with a genuine smile , it might finish with a new `` high-class `` service none of his competitors is [giving] .

Review the project.a you and your team have under your wing at the moment Are they providing a positive motivational force ?
review the project.a you and your team have under your wing at the moment are they [giving] a positive motivational force ?

He 'll devote time to them , teaching them , encouraging them , supporting them , providing them with opportunities to develop their unique talents .
he 'll devote time to them , teaching them , encouraging them , supporting them , [giving] them with opportunities to develop their unique talents .

He encourages his people to keep healthy too , providing the necessary facilities to ease their way .
he encourages his people to keep healthy too , [giving] the necessary facilities to ease their way .

Providing his standards and requirements are met , he 'll get the cleaning done by outsiders if it 's cheaper .
[giving] his standards and requirements are met , he 'll get the cleaning done by outsiders if it 's cheaper .

Think about your customers , inside and outside the organization . Who are they ? Can you put your hand on your heart and say that you and your team are providing a first-class service to them ? If not , why not ?
think about your customers , inside and outside the organization . who are they ? can you put your hand on your heart and say that you and your team are [giving] a first-class service to them ? if not , why not ?

In general though the social world played a more nebulous role , oiling the wheels , providing opportunities for informal meetings and leisurely discussions , as Lord Midleton recalled in 1929 when bewailing Baldwin 's neglect of such methods :
in general though the social world played a more nebulous role , oiling the wheels , [giving] opportunities for informal meetings and leisurely discussions , as lord midleton recalled in 1929 when bewailing baldwin 's neglect of such methods :

Its leader was Victor Fisher and it was dedicated to providing a point around which `` patriotic labour `` could rally .
its leader was victor fisher and it was dedicated to [giving] a point around which `` patriotic labour `` could rally .

That may cause practical problems in detecting the consequences , but this is a thought experiment after all , and we can assume that technical ingenuity will prove equal to the task of providing adequate amplification of the signal .
that may cause practical problems in detecting the consequences , but this is a thought experiment after all , and we can assume that technical ingenuity will prove equal to the task of [giving] adequate amplification of the signal .

In its more philosophical aspects such intellectual work was addressed to providing a theoretical underpinning for a collectivist social outlook which would be immune equally from the mechanical vulgarities of statism and the revolutionary demands of socialism .
in its more philosophical aspects such intellectual work was addressed to [giving] a theoretical underpinning for a collectivist social outlook which would be immune equally from the mechanical vulgarities of statism and the revolutionary demands of socialism .

The advancement of the newly invented discipline of English must thus be examined in the context of a growth in the number of semi-autonomous professions in fields like public administration and welfare , journalism , publicity , and the arts , and of the establishment of national cultural institutions geared to providing a schedule for organizing the nation .
the advancement of the newly invented discipline of english must thus be examined in the context of a growth in the number of semi-autonomous professions in fields like public administration and welfare , journalism , publicity , and the arts , and of the establishment of national cultural institutions geared to [giving] a schedule for organizing the nation .

Such an ideal , he believed , could be imparted and maintained by a public system of education … Matthew Arnold 's great achievement was that he convinced the younger generation among his readers of the necessity for providing throughout England an abundant supply of public secondary schools for boys and girls , schools which would be intellectually competent , attested by public inspection , and aided both by local authorities and the state .
such an ideal , he believed , could be imparted and maintained by a public system of education … matthew arnold 's great achievement was that he convinced the younger generation among his readers of the necessity for [giving] throughout england an abundant supply of public secondary schools for boys and girls , schools which would be intellectually competent , attested by public inspection , and aided both by local authorities and the state .

The moves for an extended system of university education reach back to the 18405 when it was aimed at providing more qualified candidates for Anglican ordination , but it was very soon transformed into a more lay-oriented mission .
the moves for an extended system of university education reach back to the 18405 when it was aimed at [giving] more qualified candidates for anglican ordination , but it was very soon transformed into a more lay-oriented mission .

The Report has been seen as providing the most authoritative collective manifesto for English ever issued .
the report has been seen as [giving] the most authoritative collective manifesto for english ever issued .

During the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries , the humanist `` revolution `` in educational ideas led to a privileging of classical literature as the means of providing a liberal education , although this was later considerably transformed into a narrow disciplinary process tied to the maintenance of social distinctions .
during the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries , the humanist `` revolution `` in educational ideas led to a privileging of classical literature as the means of [giving] a liberal education , although this was later considerably transformed into a narrow disciplinary process tied to the maintenance of social distinctions .

If it were made good , it would go a long way towards providing a justification for denying English the place in our educational system which we demand for it .
if it were made good , it would go a long way towards [giving] a justification for denying english the place in our educational system which we demand for it .

The passage which follows has commonly been taken as providing a basis for subsequent conceptions of the role and function of professional English teaching .
the passage which follows has commonly been taken as [giving] a basis for subsequent conceptions of the role and function of professional english teaching .

The Committee 's version of `` English `` at university level was thus shaped according to the requirements of providing a centre of mobilization and a potent pedagogic instrument .
the committee 's version of `` english `` at university level was thus shaped according to the requirements of [giving] a centre of mobilization and a potent pedagogic instrument .

Englishness , as a sense of racial or spiritual identity , had come to function as a stabilizing force within the field of professional English studies , rather than providing the authority for a programme of cultural intervention .
englishness , as a sense of racial or spiritual identity , had come to function as a stabilizing force within the field of professional english studies , rather than [giving] the authority for a programme of cultural intervention .

The Center developed the programme as one of their Media Literacy Workshop Kits , providing resources for group dialogue , awareness exercises and reflective thinking .
the center developed the programme as one of their media literacy workshop kits , [giving] resources for group dialogue , awareness exercises and reflective thinking .

The publication advocates the use of video as a tool for development , providing the reader with ideas and suggestions concerning the various uses of video and general guidelines concerning choosing the right equipment and staff training .
the publication advocates the use of video as a tool for development , [giving] the reader with ideas and suggestions concerning the various uses of video and general guidelines concerning choosing the right equipment and staff training .

The Mission Project Service has just published its latest guide to agencies providing support to small , church-related projects in developing countries .
the mission project service has just published its latest guide to agencies [giving] support to small , church-related projects in developing countries .

At a time when other galleries are extending exhibitions or raiding stock , London 's younger dealers are providing a special energy which helps to alleviate the difficult trading conditions of the present market .
at a time when other galleries are extending exhibitions or raiding stock , london 's younger dealers are [giving] a special energy which helps to alleviate the difficult trading conditions of the present market .

Providing a refreshing exception to the plethora of Goochies and Emberses , he has long revelled in the nickname of ‘ Map ’ , one reflecting an uncommon knowledge of the circuit 's quickest routes and choicest hotels .
[giving] a refreshing exception to the plethora of goochies and emberses , he has long revelled in the nickname of ‘ map ’ , one reflecting an uncommon knowledge of the circuit 's quickest routes and choicest hotels .

He looked no happier when the Kent innings resumed , playing and missing several times before getting a touch to a magnificent Marshall delivery and providing Bobby Parks with the first of two catches .
he looked no happier when the kent innings resumed , playing and missing several times before getting a touch to a magnificent marshall delivery and [giving] bobby parks with the first of two catches .

Any oval space , providing it was well fenced to prevent animals from leaping into the spectators , would have served .
any oval space , [giving] it was well fenced to prevent animals from leaping into the spectators , would have served .

There are two main theories which have been suggested as providing a suitable basis for an award of monetary compensation : the illegality theory and the risk theory .
there are two main theories which have been suggested as [giving] a suitable basis for an award of monetary compensation : the illegality theory and the risk theory .

We could see it as providing an insurance fund against loss caused by ( usually ) unintentional failure to keep within the bounds set by the principles of public law .
we could see it as [giving] an insurance fund against loss caused by ( usually ) unintentional failure to keep within the bounds set by the principles of public law .

In Part 1 of the book , Mr Lent groups individual countries according to their common language and settlement patterns , providing a general overview of each country 's print and electronic media .
in part 1 of the book , mr lent groups individual countries according to their common language and settlement patterns , [giving] a general overview of each country 's print and electronic media .

We will continue federal funding for the arts and promote the full diversity of American culture , recognising the importance of providing all Americans with access to the arts .
we will continue federal funding for the arts and promote the full diversity of american culture , recognising the importance of [giving] all americans with access to the arts .

The seminar participants , who included social activists , media professionals and government officials , agreed on the need to create a ‘ media watch ’ network and also stressed the importance of providing skills to analyse the use of the mass media .
the seminar participants , who included social activists , media professionals and government officials , agreed on the need to create a ‘ media watch ’ network and also stressed the importance of [giving] skills to analyse the use of the mass media .

Inspirational Comics is published by a Canadian cartoonist with the aim of providing a forum for all cartoonists whose work reflects a Christian viewpoint .
inspirational comics is published by a canadian cartoonist with the aim of [giving] a forum for all cartoonists whose work reflects a christian viewpoint .

taking the initiative in providing materials on human rights charters and conventions in local languages and in different appropriate places , institutions and fora ;
taking the initiative in [giving] materials on human rights charters and conventions in local languages and in different appropriate places , institutions and fora ;

encouraging the evolution of a Christian understanding of development , which , as Christianity itself , is people-centred , and providing appropriate communication models and structures to support such development ;
encouraging the evolution of a christian understanding of development , which , as christianity itself , is people-centred , and [giving] appropriate communication models and structures to support such development ;

Radio La Voz de la Comunidad seeks to redress this imbalance by being sensitive to the needs of the community and providing a mixed diet of local and national news , educational programmes and entertainment .
radio la voz de la comunidad seeks to redress this imbalance by being sensitive to the needs of the community and [giving] a mixed diet of local and national news , educational programmes and entertainment .

These fundamental terms of the ‘ social contract ’ ensure the freedom to choose a way of life by providing such constitutional guarantees as freedom of the person , freedom of speech and the right to privacy .
these fundamental terms of the ‘ social contract ’ ensure the freedom to choose a way of life by [giving] such constitutional guarantees as freedom of the person , freedom of speech and the right to privacy .

Its efficacy in providing adequate controls over the directors therefore depends on the shareholders performing this task .
its efficacy in [giving] adequate controls over the directors therefore depends on the shareholders performing this task .

Situated next to the delightful city of The Hague , Floriade covers a vast 230 acres of which 168 acres are landscaped exhibition areas providing a breathtaking explosion of colour .
situated next to the delightful city of the hague , floriade covers a vast 230 acres of which 168 acres are landscaped exhibition areas [giving] a breathtaking explosion of colour .

In addition to providing flexibility of design , the equipment will considerably reduce monthly production costs .
in addition to [giving] flexibility of design , the equipment will considerably reduce monthly production costs .

Sleep provides a restorative function within the body , slowing down bodily processes , and providing a much needed break from daily stress .
sleep provides a restorative function within the body , slowing down bodily processes , and [giving] a much needed break from daily stress .

Providing Information and Education About Anxiety and Stress
[giving] information and education about anxiety and stress

There appear to be two main benefits from providing clients with information .
there appear to be two main benefits from [giving] clients with information .

3 Find out the background of any query with a view to providing in-depth information .
3 find out the background of any query with a view to [giving] in-depth information .

Send material by mini-cab if necessary and always phone back within 24 hours if there is any delay at all in providing the material .
send material by mini-cab if necessary and always phone back within 24 hours if there is any delay at all in [giving] the material .

The conditions to be met for the provision of water for fighting fires are best discussed with the local Fire Brigade Superintendent , who will give details of the supply required and of any additional facilities , such as providing access to mill lodges for suction hoses of pumps , and any special precautions that are necessary .
the conditions to be met for the provision of water for fighting fires are best discussed with the local fire brigade superintendent , who will give details of the supply required and of any additional facilities , such as [giving] access to mill lodges for suction hoses of pumps , and any special precautions that are necessary .

The gravity feed has another advantage in providing an adequate supply for fire.fighting when the works is shut down .
the gravity feed has another advantage in [giving] an adequate supply for fire.fighting when the works is shut down .

Weaving also plays an essential part in the practical life of the tribe , providing the floor coverings , tent hangings , bags and functional artifacts that constitute the furniture and furnishings of the nomadic way of life .
weaving also plays an essential part in the practical life of the tribe , [giving] the floor coverings , tent hangings , bags and functional artifacts that constitute the furniture and furnishings of the nomadic way of life .

Contrasting shades can enliven a room by providing an invigorating tonal counterpoint , but care needs to be taken to ensure that colours do not clash .
contrasting shades can enliven a room by [giving] an invigorating tonal counterpoint , but care needs to be taken to ensure that colours do not clash .

In many ways , design is less critical than colour , as the colour of a rug has far more impact on its surroundings ; a discordant pattern will still blend into most rooms , providing the colours are harmonious .
in many ways , design is less critical than colour , as the colour of a rug has far more impact on its surroundings ; a discordant pattern will still blend into most rooms , [giving] the colours are harmonious .

Most countries allow their citizens to bring home articles without an import licence , providing they cost less than a certain amount , without paying excess duty .
most countries allow their citizens to bring home articles without an import licence , [giving] they cost less than a certain amount , without paying excess duty .

One straightforward way of providing incentives is to push some of the risk of poor performance on to managers .
one straightforward way of [giving] incentives is to push some of the risk of poor performance on to managers .

The 1978 White Paper modified this by providing for greater flexibility and by linking prices in price-setting industries to the financial target set .
the 1978 white paper modified this by [giving] for greater flexibility and by linking prices in price-setting industries to the financial target set .

Sense-based definitions of words could contribute to the subsequent overlap process by providing more concise , pertinent definitions and reducing the chances of spurious overlaps due to inappropriate but co-incident word senses .
sense-based definitions of words could contribute to the subsequent overlap process by [giving] more concise , pertinent definitions and reducing the chances of spurious overlaps due to inappropriate but co-incident word senses .

They aid understanding by imposing an organisation on the information in the text , and providing any extra information required to maintain its coherence .
they aid understanding by imposing an organisation on the information in the text , and [giving] any extra information required to maintain its coherence .

The duke , in other words , contributed to the royal connection as well as providing a focus for existing royal servants .
the duke , in other words , contributed to the royal connection as well as [giving] a focus for existing royal servants .

Providing the general boundary was the Christian , Pauline , tradition , sustained through the institutionalisation of the Church , and fertilised from the sixteenth century by the Puritan and dissenting traditions .
[giving] the general boundary was the christian , pauline , tradition , sustained through the institutionalisation of the church , and fertilised from the sixteenth century by the puritan and dissenting traditions .

The working of the Contagious Diseases Acts themselves also served to mobilise many a radical working man against the exploitation of working-class women , and an important alliance developed between this radicalism and feminists , which had the additional effect of providing for the latter a social support which enhanced their authority within the repeal movement .
the working of the contagious diseases acts themselves also served to mobilise many a radical working man against the exploitation of working-class women , and an important alliance developed between this radicalism and feminists , which had the additional effect of [giving] for the latter a social support which enhanced their authority within the repeal movement .

All Departments of the University again appointed a Liaison Officer to be responsible for bringing Convocation and its events to the attention of their students and for providing information to be passed on to Convocation members , and there was some useful discussion at a tea-time meeting between Liaison Officers and committee members on 21 January 1992 .
all departments of the university again appointed a liaison officer to be responsible for bringing convocation and its events to the attention of their students and for [giving] information to be passed on to convocation members , and there was some useful discussion at a tea-time meeting between liaison officers and committee members on 21 january 1992 .

The city was he believed , rightly enough , ‘ fairly representative of the conditions existing in many if not most of our provincial towns ’ , providing a range of industrial and service employment with average pay and employment levels .
the city was he believed , rightly enough , ‘ fairly representative of the conditions existing in many if not most of our provincial towns ’ , [giving] a range of industrial and service employment with average pay and employment levels .

Jewish charity , in particular the Jewish Board of Guardians which relieved the destitute , and Jewish schools , such as the Jewish Free School of East London , were designed to mollify criticism and anti-semitism by providing for Jewish needs without recourse to the funds of the host community .
jewish charity , in particular the jewish board of guardians which relieved the destitute , and jewish schools , such as the jewish free school of east london , were designed to mollify criticism and anti-semitism by [giving] for jewish needs without recourse to the funds of the host community .

Indeed , they were unable to get to the heart of providing for those who did not work regularly and hence could not pay regular rent or , often , any rent at all .
indeed , they were unable to get to the heart of [giving] for those who did not work regularly and hence could not pay regular rent or , often , any rent at all .

It might be thought odd that the desperately poor spent hard-earned pence on providing for a ceremony they would never see .
it might be thought odd that the desperately poor spent hard-earned pence on [giving] for a ceremony they would never see .

They saw their role as providing for mutual help among the working class in a situation in which individual self-help was impossible for so many of them .
they saw their role as [giving] for mutual help among the working class in a situation in which individual self-help was impossible for so many of them .

In the last decade of the century commercial insurance companies providing sickness and burial insurance were growing rapidly , especially among younger people .
in the last decade of the century commercial insurance companies [giving] sickness and burial insurance were growing rapidly , especially among younger people .

After 1870 rather larger numbers of companies were providing a wider range of provision , including in some cases , old-age pensions and health care .
after 1870 rather larger numbers of companies were [giving] a wider range of provision , including in some cases , old-age pensions and health care .

In March 1886 Joseph Chamberlain , as President of the Local Government Board , responded by issuing a circular to local authorities urging them to schedule necessary public works for periods of depression , and to co-operate with the Poor Law by providing paid , non-pauperizing work for those who applied for poor relief due to temporary unemployment .
in march 1886 joseph chamberlain , as president of the local government board , responded by issuing a circular to local authorities urging them to schedule necessary public works for periods of depression , and to co-operate with the poor law by [giving] paid , non-pauperizing work for those who applied for poor relief due to temporary unemployment .

The emphasis was rather upon providing children with basic skills .
the emphasis was rather upon [giving] children with basic skills .

Some socialists but not on the whole the Fabians saw the continued decentralization of government to the municipalities as a desirable feature of future socialist society , providing a permanent check upon the growth or abuse of central authority .
some socialists but not on the whole the fabians saw the continued decentralization of government to the municipalities as a desirable feature of future socialist society , [giving] a permanent check upon the growth or abuse of central authority .

by improving working conditions and providing welfare benefits for workers , so that they were both physically stronger and psychologically more secure and hence able to work harder .
by improving working conditions and [giving] welfare benefits for workers , so that they were both physically stronger and psychologically more secure and hence able to work harder .

Employers in this period were either providing from the resources of their businesses or demanding from the state such measures as pensions ( which it was hoped would remove from workers worry about their future in old-age , and would enable employers to dismiss less efficient older workers with clear consciences ) , sickness benefit and medical care ( which would enable them to recover more quickly and fully from sickness ) and , more occasionally , unemployment benefit , which it was also hoped would increase the workers ' sense of security .
employers in this period were either [giving] from the resources of their businesses or demanding from the state such measures as pensions ( which it was hoped would remove from workers worry about their future in old-age , and would enable employers to dismiss less efficient older workers with clear consciences ) , sickness benefit and medical care ( which would enable them to recover more quickly and fully from sickness ) and , more occasionally , unemployment benefit , which it was also hoped would increase the workers ' sense of security .

He regarded its main value as providing the opportunity for social research upon which the government could base more far-reaching changes .
he regarded its main value as [giving] the opportunity for social research upon which the government could base more far-reaching changes .

Secondary education was to become more widely available , providing a more educated workforce to meet the more sophisticated needs of an economy under increasing competitive pressure .
secondary education was to become more widely available , [giving] a more educated workforce to meet the more sophisticated needs of an economy under increasing competitive pressure .

From 1912 , almost unnoticed by Parliament , Exchequer grants were paid to education authorities providing medical treatment .
from 1912 , almost unnoticed by parliament , exchequer grants were paid to education authorities [giving] medical treatment .

Parcelforce will , in certain circumstances , pay compensation for items that are lost or damaged in our system — providing you have a Certificate of Posting .
parcelforce will , in certain circumstances , pay compensation for items that are lost or damaged in our system — [giving] you have a certificate of posting .

Sovereign offers generous child reductions at most hotels , providing the child is sharing the parents ' room .
sovereign offers generous child reductions at most hotels , [giving] the child is sharing the parents ' room .

For infants under the age of 2 years ( on the date of their return flight ) , we make a nominal charge of £65 for travel and for providing a cot , and you settle directly with the hotel for food and any other extras .
for infants under the age of 2 years ( on the date of their return flight ) , we make a nominal charge of £65 for travel and for [giving] a cot , and you settle directly with the hotel for food and any other extras .

Accommodation at the hotel is in thatched bungalows scattered throughout the native gardens , with superior bungalows providing an extra degree of luxury and well worth the additional supplement .
accommodation at the hotel is in thatched bungalows scattered throughout the native gardens , with superior bungalows [giving] an extra degree of luxury and well worth the additional supplement .

Amid the dry mountain landscapes of the lush hinterland lie ruins of ornate Buddhist temples , ancient cities which flourished centuries ago before being deserted , and miles of characteristic tea plantations , providing the country with one of its staple industries .
amid the dry mountain landscapes of the lush hinterland lie ruins of ornate buddhist temples , ancient cities which flourished centuries ago before being deserted , and miles of characteristic tea plantations , [giving] the country with one of its staple industries .

It is just a short walk from the Temple of Luxor ( 300 yards ) and is within easy reach of the local bazaar and museum , providing a perfect base from which to explore this fascinating city full of historic sights .
it is just a short walk from the temple of luxor ( 300 yards ) and is within easy reach of the local bazaar and museum , [giving] a perfect base from which to explore this fascinating city full of historic sights .

The Training and Employment Agency is responsible for providing an all age guidance and placement service , careers advice and information on training opportunities .
the training and employment agency is responsible for [giving] an all age guidance and placement service , careers advice and information on training opportunities .

Here , parents may provide valuable financial assistance to their married children in the early stages of their family life-cycle , when the head of the household is beginning a career , and when the young couples are faced with the initial expenses of setting up a home and providing for young children ( Bell , 1968 ) .
here , parents may provide valuable financial assistance to their married children in the early stages of their family life-cycle , when the head of the household is beginning a career , and when the young couples are faced with the initial expenses of setting up a home and [giving] for young children ( bell , 1968 ) .

The parents do not particularly choose the kind of games their children should play , they are left free to indulge in any games that appeal to them , providing , of course , that the game is not injurious to their health .
the parents do not particularly choose the kind of games their children should play , they are left free to indulge in any games that appeal to them , [giving] , of course , that the game is not injurious to their health .

biological — conceiving , delivering and providing their child 's genetic make-up ;
biological — conceiving , delivering and [giving] their child 's genetic make-up ;

social — caring for , providing opportunities and protecting their child .
social — caring for , [giving] opportunities and protecting their child .

If nurse managers are to be accountable for their colleagues ' learning environment , they may help by providing increased opportunities for developing general teaching skills of recently qualified practitioners , who , far from having finished their education may in fact be just beginning .
if nurse managers are to be accountable for their colleagues ' learning environment , they may help by [giving] increased opportunities for developing general teaching skills of recently qualified practitioners , who , far from having finished their education may in fact be just beginning .

Diagnosis of the clinically severe forms of sickle cell disease is not difficult , providing awareness of the disease is high .
diagnosis of the clinically severe forms of sickle cell disease is not difficult , [giving] awareness of the disease is high .

It is vital that a primary nursing system is given organisational recognition to enable those nurses to fulfil their interpersonal and subsequent information and decision-making roles , by providing them with the ‘ formal authority and status ’ to do so .
it is vital that a primary nursing system is given organisational recognition to enable those nurses to fulfil their interpersonal and subsequent information and decision-making roles , by [giving] them with the ‘ formal authority and status ’ to do so .

In the Bellsdyke unit , the last four years have seen a successful and busy day hospital open in a former town centre house , a community health centre ( providing continuing care as well as acute and day hospital ) , warden supervised flats , supported housing projects and addiction outreach teams established .
in the bellsdyke unit , the last four years have seen a successful and busy day hospital open in a former town centre house , a community health centre ( [giving] continuing care as well as acute and day hospital ) , warden supervised flats , supported housing projects and addiction outreach teams established .

The level of monitoring is increased , providing more time for interactions such as helping , encouraging , reassuring and supporting patients and their families .
the level of monitoring is increased , [giving] more time for interactions such as helping , encouraging , reassuring and supporting patients and their families .

This discussion has focused mainly on postoperative analgesia , but the question of providing more general pain relief , particularly for ventilated infants , must also be considered .
this discussion has focused mainly on postoperative analgesia , but the question of [giving] more general pain relief , particularly for ventilated infants , must also be considered .

She played little further part as a combatant , stalling later British requests for reinforcements and providing minimal naval assistance in the Mediterranean .
she played little further part as a combatant , stalling later british requests for reinforcements and [giving] minimal naval assistance in the mediterranean .

The growing economic and physical hardships of the later stages of the Pacific War , and the inability of the authorities reformed with a view to providing equality of opportunity , in the hope that this would back up a new , genuinely democratic social structure permitting a high level of individual social mobility .
the growing economic and physical hardships of the later stages of the pacific war , and the inability of the authorities reformed with a view to [giving] equality of opportunity , in the hope that this would back up a new , genuinely democratic social structure permitting a high level of individual social mobility .

More significant in providing this national group membership has been the racial homogeneity of the Japanese people themselves , the culture , language and traditions common to them , and the shared history and society upon which the political system was constructed .
more significant in [giving] this national group membership has been the racial homogeneity of the japanese people themselves , the culture , language and traditions common to them , and the shared history and society upon which the political system was constructed .

Requesting and providing information .
requesting and [giving] information .

Providing references .
[giving] references .

Providing introductions .
[giving] introductions .

In some situations , such as providing purely factual information , this may be the case , but insensitive memos have been known to have an adverse effect on the motivation of others and their willingness to carry out instructions .
in some situations , such as [giving] purely factual information , this may be the case , but insensitive memos have been known to have an adverse effect on the motivation of others and their willingness to carry out instructions .

may fill a legal vacuum by providing rules in a field where national law was previously non-existent or obscure ;
may fill a legal vacuum by [giving] rules in a field where national law was previously non-existent or obscure ;

Moreover , the Company Act seeks to encourage foreign investment specifically by providing that a less-than-majority stake does not need government approval — an incentive , of course , to joint ventures .
moreover , the company act seeks to encourage foreign investment specifically by [giving] that a less-than-majority stake does not need government approval — an incentive , of course , to joint ventures .

Law facilitates commercial activity by providing structures within which it can take place .
law facilitates commercial activity by [giving] structures within which it can take place .

Contributions become partnership property unless the contract provides otherwise , and any stipulation providing for interest or other financial benefit for a partner in consideration of his contribution is null and void .
contributions become partnership property unless the contract provides otherwise , and any stipulation [giving] for interest or other financial benefit for a partner in consideration of his contribution is null and void .

If you issue a cheque and then decide you want to ‘ stop ’ payment you can , providing it has not already been paid or been guaranteed by your cheque card .
if you issue a cheque and then decide you want to ‘ stop ’ payment you can , [giving] it has not already been paid or been guaranteed by your cheque card .

You can renew your loan at any time providing you 've been meeting your regular repayments .
you can renew your loan at any time [giving] you 've been meeting your regular repayments .

The ‘ lean ’ months are covered by the ‘ fat ’ months , and providing your initial estimates were fairly accurate , at the end of the year your monthly transfers and your bills will balance .
the ‘ lean ’ months are covered by the ‘ fat ’ months , and [giving] your initial estimates were fairly accurate , at the end of the year your monthly transfers and your bills will balance .

Midland can process both Access and Visa transactions , providing retail customers with an efficient and effective means of accepting payments from a substantial consumer market .
midland can process both access and visa transactions , [giving] retail customers with an efficient and effective means of accepting payments from a substantial consumer market .

Payment is guaranteed for all sales above a mutually agreed floor limit , providing authorisation is gained .
payment is guaranteed for all sales above a mutually agreed floor limit , [giving] authorisation is gained .

As well as providing daily balances of all accounts , it gives details of all transactions to enable quick reconciliation .
as well as [giving] daily balances of all accounts , it gives details of all transactions to enable quick reconciliation .

Mid-Tape prepares a statement of any delegated account on magnetic media — tape or diskette — thus providing details of transactions posted to an account .
mid-tape prepares a statement of any delegated account on magnetic media — tape or diskette — thus [giving] details of transactions posted to an account .

All eurocheque and eurocheque card transactions made through any Midland branch or cash machine are conducted free of all charges , providing your Midland Current Account remains in credit throughout a quarterly charging period .
all eurocheque and eurocheque card transactions made through any midland branch or cash machine are conducted free of all charges , [giving] your midland current account remains in credit throughout a quarterly charging period .

Providing you give us at least seven days notice you wo n't lose any interest on the amount withdrawn .
[giving] you give us at least seven days notice you wo n't lose any interest on the amount withdrawn .

One by one we went into the office for a number of basic tests : we read a letter board at ten paces , ran on the spot and had our pulses taken before providing a urine sample and having a hearing test .
one by one we went into the office for a number of basic tests : we read a letter board at ten paces , ran on the spot and had our pulses taken before [giving] a urine sample and having a hearing test .

The Legion was formed on 10 March 1831 by royal decree of Prince Louis-Philippe , who saw it as a good way of clearing Paris of undesirable elements and at the same time providing free labour to defend and build France 's new colonial empire .
the legion was formed on 10 march 1831 by royal decree of prince louis-philippe , who saw it as a good way of clearing paris of undesirable elements and at the same time [giving] free labour to defend and build france 's new colonial empire .

None of us were allowed to see the unfinished article , which was being built in one of the lecture rooms in our barrack block ; the rest of us were involved in practising for the midnight mass carol concert where our section would be providing the choir .
none of us were allowed to see the unfinished article , which was being built in one of the lecture rooms in our barrack block ; the rest of us were involved in practising for the midnight mass carol concert where our section would be [giving] the choir .

In addition to providing presuppositions for science , religious doctrines have also offered sanction or justification .
in addition to [giving] presuppositions for science , religious doctrines have also offered sanction or justification .

extraditing fugitive offenders and providing mutual assistance to other states in criminal matters .
extraditing fugitive offenders and [giving] mutual assistance to other states in criminal matters .

No statutory formula has been found that can make a provision judge-proof , in the sense of inducing the courts to accept it as excluding all opportunity for review , not even providing that a decision ‘ shall not be called in question in any court of law ’ .
no statutory formula has been found that can make a provision judge-proof , in the sense of inducing the courts to accept it as excluding all opportunity for review , not even [giving] that a decision ‘ shall not be called in question in any court of law ’ .

On 7 August the Cabinet accepted Ede 's conclusions that an amendment providing for the abolition of capital punishment could not be ruled out of order on the grounds that it did not come within the scope of the Bill , and that it would be impossible to grade murders into those for which capital punishment would be retained and those for which it would be abolished .
on 7 august the cabinet accepted ede 's conclusions that an amendment [giving] for the abolition of capital punishment could not be ruled out of order on the grounds that it did not come within the scope of the bill , and that it would be impossible to grade murders into those for which capital punishment would be retained and those for which it would be abolished .

The Attorney General , Sir Hartley Shawcross , agreed with the Lord Chancellor that the grading of murders would be unworkable , adding that he still remained in favour of providing for the abolition of capital punishment in the Bill .
the attorney general , sir hartley shawcross , agreed with the lord chancellor that the grading of murders would be unworkable , adding that he still remained in favour of [giving] for the abolition of capital punishment in the bill .

Although one consequence of their detached status was that the Commissioners tended to be remote from the day to day process of policy formulation in the higher echelons of the Home Office , they had the advantage of being perceived by the Prison Service as providing a collective leadership in which the professional element in the service could and did play a significant part .
although one consequence of their detached status was that the commissioners tended to be remote from the day to day process of policy formulation in the higher echelons of the home office , they had the advantage of being perceived by the prison service as [giving] a collective leadership in which the professional element in the service could and did play a significant part .

… the right framework for placing the management of the service on a more professional footing , providing the most positive environment for staff to work in and , above all , ensuring the delivery of an improved service both to the public and those held in custody .
… the right framework for placing the management of the service on a more professional footing , [giving] the most positive environment for staff to work in and , above all , ensuring the delivery of an improved service both to the public and those held in custody .

Combining relative novelty with practicality , it seemed evidently constructive as a way of repaying society for a wrong done , while at the same time bringing the offender within reach of the voluntary organizations which are a peculiarly English way of providing services of value to a wider community .
combining relative novelty with practicality , it seemed evidently constructive as a way of repaying society for a wrong done , while at the same time bringing the offender within reach of the voluntary organizations which are a peculiarly english way of [giving] services of value to a wider community .

The first , Organic Growers West Wales , was set up in the 1970s to facilitate the supply of produce to meet the growing demand from the supermarkets while supporting its members by guaranteeing markets and providing information on what crops are needed and what prices they will receive for them .
the first , organic growers west wales , was set up in the 1970s to facilitate the supply of produce to meet the growing demand from the supermarkets while supporting its members by guaranteeing markets and [giving] information on what crops are needed and what prices they will receive for them .

Trees could help provide a more stable environment for the birds , by reducing temperature fluctuations and by providing shelter from strong winds and driving rain .
trees could help provide a more stable environment for the birds , by reducing temperature fluctuations and by [giving] shelter from strong winds and driving rain .

Two features of the new contest are providing further pressures for future change .
two features of the new contest are [giving] further pressures for future change .

Intervention can be either negative for certain classes of asset holder or supportive by providing subsidies of varying magnitude .
intervention can be either negative for certain classes of asset holder or supportive by [giving] subsidies of varying magnitude .

Brazil provides the example par excellence of a country where borrowing during the 1970s seemed a sensible means of providing liquidity to finance industrialisation ( Sachs , 1981 : p. 39 ) .
brazil provides the example par excellence of a country where borrowing during the 1970s seemed a sensible means of [giving] liquidity to finance industrialisation ( sachs , 1981 : p. 39 ) .

Excluding the minimal spillover benefits , one cost-benefit study concluded that the net benefits of the EPZs , in terms of jobs , trade and local purchases , had grown to the point where by 1982 they exceeded the costs of providing infrastructure and of foregone tax revenue ( Warr , 1987 : pp .
excluding the minimal spillover benefits , one cost-benefit study concluded that the net benefits of the epzs , in terms of jobs , trade and local purchases , had grown to the point where by 1982 they exceeded the costs of [giving] infrastructure and of foregone tax revenue ( warr , 1987 : pp .

Coppola may not have provided the definitive film of the Vietnam War , but he succeeded in providing ‘ a film experience that would give its audience a sense of the horror , the madness , the sensuousness and the moral dilemma of Vietnam ’ .
coppola may not have provided the definitive film of the vietnam war , but he succeeded in [giving] ‘ a film experience that would give its audience a sense of the horror , the madness , the sensuousness and the moral dilemma of vietnam ’ .

What Greenfield and others are privileging and providing ideological support for is , in fact , their own academic establishment , their own work practice within it , their own values and rules .
what greenfield and others are privileging and [giving] ideological support for is , in fact , their own academic establishment , their own work practice within it , their own values and rules .

Her account has some of the qualities of myth in validating shared beliefs and providing a charter for social action .
her account has some of the qualities of myth in validating shared beliefs and [giving] a charter for social action .

It claims that only Lothian is providing extra payments to maintain standards of care , even though all authorities are receiving Scottish Office grants .
it claims that only lothian is [giving] extra payments to maintain standards of care , even though all authorities are receiving scottish office grants .

New arrangements for providing treatment to people with drug and alcohol problems have been implemented with only a minimum of preparation . Frances Richford reports on the dilemmas it creates for SSDs
new arrangements for [giving] treatment to people with drug and alcohol problems have been implemented with only a minimum of preparation . frances richford reports on the dilemmas it creates for ssds

Yet the new arrangements for providing treatment and rehabilitation to people with drug and alcohol problems — through community care budgets rather than social security payments — have been implemented with little preparation .
yet the new arrangements for [giving] treatment and rehabilitation to people with drug and alcohol problems — through community care budgets rather than social security payments — have been implemented with little preparation .

Concerns over the proper role of local government in providing services to communities featured high in a Lord 's debate last week . Diana Sutton reports
concerns over the proper role of local government in [giving] services to communities featured high in a lord 's debate last week . diana sutton reports

Meals-on-wheels are not generally provided to disabled people on the grounds that they can not afford to eat ; rather they are provided because they need assistance to prepare a meal , and providers find it more convenient to meet this need by providing the meal itself .
meals-on-wheels are not generally provided to disabled people on the grounds that they can not afford to eat ; rather they are provided because they need assistance to prepare a meal , and providers find it more convenient to meet this need by [giving] the meal itself .

The rest of the campaign will investigate producing practice guidelines for SSDs ; training strategies ; how elderly people disclose ( or do n't disclose ) abuse ; how assessment , and the Community Care Act in general , can take account of elder abuse ; providing support for carers ; arguments for the registration of private domiciliary care ; arguments for and against ‘ at risk registers ’ of elderly people ; models of good practice from SSDs ; and opportunities to learn from child protection legislation .
the rest of the campaign will investigate producing practice guidelines for ssds ; training strategies ; how elderly people disclose ( or do n't disclose ) abuse ; how assessment , and the community care act in general , can take account of elder abuse ; [giving] support for carers ; arguments for the registration of private domiciliary care ; arguments for and against ‘ at risk registers ’ of elderly people ; models of good practice from ssds ; and opportunities to learn from child protection legislation .

But it is important to recognize , as has been mentioned , that Oakeshott does not adopt the Burkean idea of tradition as providing stability and sees tradition as a contingent , fluid process .
but it is important to recognize , as has been mentioned , that oakeshott does not adopt the burkean idea of tradition as [giving] stability and sees tradition as a contingent , fluid process .

Hayek wishes to do so because he is not simply a traditionalist and is seeking to harness his insights to the task of providing a modern , rational reconstruction of liberalism .
hayek wishes to do so because he is not simply a traditionalist and is seeking to harness his insights to the task of [giving] a modern , rational reconstruction of liberalism .

The pragmatist 's solution to many of the problems of philosophy is simply that of not providing any systematic solution at all .
the pragmatist 's solution to many of the problems of philosophy is simply that of not [giving] any systematic solution at all .

During the 1970s , the consolidation of this role was achieved by procedural reforms providing for a simplified application for judicial review .
during the 1970s , the consolidation of this role was achieved by procedural reforms [giving] for a simplified application for judicial review .

The growth and international expansion of the hotel and catering industry has been phenomenal during the past decade , ensuring a constant demand for trained and skilled staff and providing ample opportunity for those who are temperamentally suited to the industry .
the growth and international expansion of the hotel and catering industry has been phenomenal during the past decade , ensuring a constant demand for trained and skilled staff and [giving] ample opportunity for those who are temperamentally suited to the industry .

There are the resort hotels , which are seasonal and cater for holidaymakers , though many of these are now also providing facilities for large conferences and trade fairs , which gives them an additional form of income .
there are the resort hotels , which are seasonal and cater for holidaymakers , though many of these are now also [giving] facilities for large conferences and trade fairs , which gives them an additional form of income .

Exceptionally well-appointed hotels offering a high standard of comfort and service with the majority of bedrooms providing private bathrooms/showers .
exceptionally well-appointed hotels offering a high standard of comfort and service with the majority of bedrooms [giving] private bathrooms/showers .

Some modern telephone communication systems have as many as 26 exchange lines and 134 extensions providing the following :
some modern telephone communication systems have as many as 26 exchange lines and 134 extensions [giving] the following :

Questionnaires in the rooms inviting the guests to comment on the standards of facilities and service and what extra facilities the guests would like incorporated is another method of providing ideas on how to improve the saleability of the product .
questionnaires in the rooms inviting the guests to comment on the standards of facilities and service and what extra facilities the guests would like incorporated is another method of [giving] ideas on how to improve the saleability of the product .

If any mail arrives for guests who have departed , providing they have completed the mail forwarding form ( Fig .
if any mail arrives for guests who have departed , [giving] they have completed the mail forwarding form ( fig .

These revenues will probably be used to increase middle class access to health care by providing tax credits to small businesses in a managed competition ‘ play or pay ’ system .
these revenues will probably be used to increase middle class access to health care by [giving] tax credits to small businesses in a managed competition ‘ play or pay ’ system .

Implications for community education — From the outset , we have devoted a lot of effort to providing a continuing educational programme for health professionals .
implications for community education — from the outset , we have devoted a lot of effort to [giving] a continuing educational programme for health professionals .

If we ask a large sample of managers to rank these six goal categories in terms of their relative importance to them ( on a scale from unimportant to very important , the aggregated responses for each goal providing a range from 0 to 100 ) then we can produce the bar chart shown in Figure 1.1 .
if we ask a large sample of managers to rank these six goal categories in terms of their relative importance to them ( on a scale from unimportant to very important , the aggregated responses for each goal [giving] a range from 0 to 100 ) then we can produce the bar chart shown in figure 1.1 .

By providing continuous feedback on how the message is being received — if there is no response , no feedback , a dialogue becomes a monologue .
by [giving] continuous feedback on how the message is being received — if there is no response , no feedback , a dialogue becomes a monologue .

If the member providing the task-centred behaviour leaves the group , e.g .
if the member [giving] the task-centred behaviour leaves the group , e.g .

The importance of caring for carers is gradually being recognised . Anyone in any doubt of the need for providing such support will find a gruelling account of the problems faced by carers of elderly people in Margaret Forster 's novel , Have The men Had Enough ?
the importance of caring for carers is gradually being recognised . anyone in any doubt of the need for [giving] such support will find a gruelling account of the problems faced by carers of elderly people in margaret forster 's novel , have the men had enough ?

In Britain in 1986 an estimated 1.3 million carers kept dependants out of institutions , providing some £7.3 billion worth of informal care .
in britain in 1986 an estimated 1.3 million carers kept dependants out of institutions , [giving] some £7.3 billion worth of informal care .

Under this proposal the preregistration period would be extended to two years with first and second year house officers working in pairs , sharing the on call commitment , and providing cover for each other to attend specially structured education programmes .
under this proposal the preregistration period would be extended to two years with first and second year house officers working in pairs , sharing the on call commitment , and [giving] cover for each other to attend specially structured education programmes .

This chapter is the first of two devoted to providing background essential to an informed assessment of the Reagan presidency .
this chapter is the first of two devoted to [giving] background essential to an informed assessment of the reagan presidency .

But , providing it survives these and other perils , it will be possible for the executive to bring about significant public policy change .
but , [giving] it survives these and other perils , it will be possible for the executive to bring about significant public policy change .

However 1980 , it seemed , just might represent a genuine national shift towards conservatism thereby providing the underpinning for a new alignment of electoral forces to replace the Democratic coalition founded by Franklin Roosevelt .
however 1980 , it seemed , just might represent a genuine national shift towards conservatism thereby [giving] the underpinning for a new alignment of electoral forces to replace the democratic coalition founded by franklin roosevelt .

The constitutional framework reflects and sustains that political culture by providing an almost paralysed political system that sets one branch against another and hamstrings those who aspire to lead .
the constitutional framework reflects and sustains that political culture by [giving] an almost paralysed political system that sets one branch against another and hamstrings those who aspire to lead .

It includes aggregate estimates of government spending and revenue while also providing target figures for expenditures broken down into functional categories .
it includes aggregate estimates of government spending and revenue while also [giving] target figures for expenditures broken down into functional categories .

Moreover , by providing a sustained source of recruits they brought into being the radical subculture which revolved around discussion circles , experimental communes , and avant-garde journals .
moreover , by [giving] a sustained source of recruits they brought into being the radical subculture which revolved around discussion circles , experimental communes , and avant-garde journals .

Thus it includes provisions for allowing the emergence of new institutions , one of which is the new open university aimed at providing extramural education for particular groups in Greek society and the foundation of a centre for the Greek language to coordinate the maintenance and dissemination of Greek in the European environment .
thus it includes provisions for allowing the emergence of new institutions , one of which is the new open university aimed at [giving] extramural education for particular groups in greek society and the foundation of a centre for the greek language to coordinate the maintenance and dissemination of greek in the european environment .

This includes providing additional services through primary care teams , negotiating for the provision of some outpatient services in practices , changing prescribing patterns to obtain better value for money , and using those hospitals that are prepared to deliver the standard of care specified by fundholders .
this includes [giving] additional services through primary care teams , negotiating for the provision of some outpatient services in practices , changing prescribing patterns to obtain better value for money , and using those hospitals that are prepared to deliver the standard of care specified by fundholders .

The important role of voluntary services , both in the provision of information and in providing support , has often been underestimated .
the important role of voluntary services , both in the provision of information and in [giving] support , has often been underestimated .

Teachers were also required to complete a record sheet providing basic details on each lesson taught together with an overall assessment of the project .
teachers were also required to complete a record sheet [giving] basic details on each lesson taught together with an overall assessment of the project .

Ideally , all doctors should participate in regular ongoing appraisal and training to ensure that they are providing a good service to their undergraduate and postgraduate students .
ideally , all doctors should participate in regular ongoing appraisal and training to ensure that they are [giving] a good service to their undergraduate and postgraduate students .

In providing information ?
in [giving] information ?

The community mental handicap team ( a title it retains , although its members do not describe their clients as handicapped ) has more than 10 years ' experience of providing such innovative care to a mainly rural and home based population .
the community mental handicap team ( a title it retains , although its members do not describe their clients as handicapped ) has more than 10 years ' experience of [giving] such innovative care to a mainly rural and home based population .

Most unions are single enterprise units extending membership to all regular employees , but what appears unusual from a Western perspective is the amount of administrative support given by the company in collecting union subscriptions or in providing organizational help for union officials .
most unions are single enterprise units extending membership to all regular employees , but what appears unusual from a western perspective is the amount of administrative support given by the company in collecting union subscriptions or in [giving] organizational help for union officials .

The 1983 survey showed that the costs incurred in providing company housing or housing loans , medical , nursery or recreation facilities were at least twice as big in large firms .
the 1983 survey showed that the costs incurred in [giving] company housing or housing loans , medical , nursery or recreation facilities were at least twice as big in large firms .

a means of transferring the text to an external contractor providing computerised composition and typesetting
a means of transferring the text to an external contractor [giving] computerised composition and typesetting

Since lexicographers can only proof single entries at a time it is not envisaged that providing this space will cause a problem .
since lexicographers can only proof single entries at a time it is not envisaged that [giving] this space will cause a problem .

This deals with the conceptually simple task of transferring data from one storage structure and medium to another , and providing control information .
this deals with the conceptually simple task of transferring data from one storage structure and medium to another , and [giving] control information .

Such requests could be met by providing new processes rather than by changing existing routines .
such requests could be met by [giving] new processes rather than by changing existing routines .

The value of praise in providing encouragement has to be blended with the instructional benefit that criticism can bring to the pupil .
the value of praise in [giving] encouragement has to be blended with the instructional benefit that criticism can bring to the pupil .

Program design can aim to aid any or all these activities by : — actual presentation : sowing seeds — generating a supportive environment : producing curiosity or other motivation in an atmosphere of enjoyment — stimulating pupil participation : in setting up situations or exploiting them , providing a structure for investigations , examples or exercises .
program design can aim to aid any or all these activities by : — actual presentation : sowing seeds — generating a supportive environment : producing curiosity or other motivation in an atmosphere of enjoyment — stimulating pupil participation : in setting up situations or exploiting them , [giving] a structure for investigations , examples or exercises .

The teacher 's role here in providing the right amount of guidance in the investigation is most important , with room for wide differences of approach , particularly on the levels of demand to be placed on the pupil .
the teacher 's role here in [giving] the right amount of guidance in the investigation is most important , with room for wide differences of approach , particularly on the levels of demand to be placed on the pupil .

The game could also provide links to the new topic by various levels of play providing a variety of challenges .
the game could also provide links to the new topic by various levels of play [giving] a variety of challenges .

The teacher 's role may well and probably should be the major one with computer programs providing plenty of illustrations and challenges .
the teacher 's role may well and probably should be the major one with computer programs [giving] plenty of illustrations and challenges .

( b ) Linking together the most important elements and providing memory aids .
( b ) linking together the most important elements and [giving] memory aids .

The game environment can prove to be useful in providing the vehicle for this purpose .
the game environment can prove to be useful in [giving] the vehicle for this purpose .

The teacher would need to play a full role in the revision activity , monitoring and providing remedial help wherever necessary .
the teacher would need to play a full role in the revision activity , monitoring and [giving] remedial help wherever necessary .

In particular this means providing foolproof error-checking routines and positive help messages when required .
in particular this means [giving] foolproof error-checking routines and positive help messages when required .

We suggest that , providing the teacher and observer are well aware of the distorting factors in the report-back system , the damaging effect on the inferences drawn from the report will be minimized .
we suggest that , [giving] the teacher and observer are well aware of the distorting factors in the report-back system , the damaging effect on the inferences drawn from the report will be minimized .

One of the cheapest ways of providing accommodation for lots of small water animals is to make your own mini-aquaria , as described below .
one of the cheapest ways of [giving] accommodation for lots of small water animals is to make your own mini-aquaria , as described below .

This makes it easier for the customer to move to a larger model in the range as his requirements increase , and eases the manufacturer 's problem of providing software for a number of different computers .
this makes it easier for the customer to move to a larger model in the range as his requirements increase , and eases the manufacturer 's problem of [giving] software for a number of different computers .

Because of the mismatch between processor and transput device speeds , we are led to consider uncoupling the devices from direct processor control and providing them with some degree of autonomy .
because of the mismatch between processor and transput device speeds , we are led to consider uncoupling the devices from direct processor control and [giving] them with some degree of autonomy .

Here we have a design based on the character , providing the character string handling requirements of the commercial application , with a word-oriented architecture superimposed upon it , to allow the more efficient binary arithmetic to be used when required .
here we have a design based on the character , [giving] the character string handling requirements of the commercial application , with a word-oriented architecture superimposed upon it , to allow the more efficient binary arithmetic to be used when required .

When a computer has a number of data.types , many operation codes are used up in providing the same arithmetic operation for operands with different formats .
when a computer has a number of data.types , many operation codes are used up in [giving] the same arithmetic operation for operands with different formats .

We can further extend the scheme into the non-numeric parts of the computer , by providing tag field values for all data formats , for instructions , and for descriptors ; that is , computer words holding information about areas of the store ( we have already met these in 2.5 ) .
we can further extend the scheme into the non-numeric parts of the computer , by [giving] tag field values for all data formats , for instructions , and for descriptors ; that is , computer words holding information about areas of the store ( we have already met these in 2.5 ) .

We have seen the subsidiary information field as providing parameters needed by an operation , such as the number of bits to be shifted or the length of an operand .
we have seen the subsidiary information field as [giving] parameters needed by an operation , such as the number of bits to be shifted or the length of an operand .

It is logical , therefore , to make provision for a subset of the accumulator array to be used as index registers , instead of providing separate index registers .
it is logical , therefore , to make provision for a subset of the accumulator array to be used as index registers , instead of [giving] separate index registers .

We can envisage providing arithmetic and logical operations on a vector as a single unit .
we can envisage [giving] arithmetic and logical operations on a vector as a single unit .

One way in which the flexibility of microprogramming can be used is in providing several different computer architectures and instruction sets on one basic hardware .
one way in which the flexibility of microprogramming can be used is in [giving] several different computer architectures and instruction sets on one basic hardware .

The argument of this paper , therefore , is that language learning should be seen as resulting from an interaction between an organism pre-adapted to the learning task and an environment which , to varying degrees , facilitates that task by providing the evidence that the organism requires .
the argument of this paper , therefore , is that language learning should be seen as resulting from an interaction between an organism pre-adapted to the learning task and an environment which , to varying degrees , facilitates that task by [giving] the evidence that the organism requires .

It is usually possible for the teacher to type in a list of words so that the game can be aimed at a specific child , providing additional experience of words that may be giving difficulty .
it is usually possible for the teacher to type in a list of words so that the game can be aimed at a specific child , [giving] additional experience of words that may be giving difficulty .

Schools will be able to buy a reading scheme which will take all their children from non-reader to fluent reader with the computer directing and providing the child 's learning activities .
schools will be able to buy a reading scheme which will take all their children from non-reader to fluent reader with the computer directing and [giving] the child 's learning activities .

It also introduced many new results and the concept of homomorphism ( 5.10.1 ) as well as providing the atmosphere for the eventual finding by Fedorov and Schonflies around 1890 of the 230 crystallographic space groups ( see Section 5.12 ) .
it also introduced many new results and the concept of homomorphism ( 5.10.1 ) as well as [giving] the atmosphere for the eventual finding by fedorov and schonflies around 1890 of the 230 crystallographic space groups ( see section 5.12 ) .

The Cockcroft Committee 's recommendation relating to graduated tests is stated in para 553 of the report : a study should be commissioned to consider whether it is possible to devise a means of providing evidence of achievement in mathematics for lower-attaining pupils in ways which will support , and not conflict with the provision of suitable mathematics courses in schools .
the cockcroft committee 's recommendation relating to graduated tests is stated in para 553 of the report : a study should be commissioned to consider whether it is possible to devise a means of [giving] evidence of achievement in mathematics for lower-attaining pupils in ways which will support , and not conflict with the provision of suitable mathematics courses in schools .

Assessment may also be used to motivate pupils by providing a target to aim for and a reward for passing in the form of accreditation .
assessment may also be used to motivate pupils by [giving] a target to aim for and a reward for passing in the form of accreditation .

Assessment which is used for providing feedback to those most centrally concerned with a pupil 's learning , the pupil , the pupil 's teacher and parents , is often known as " formative " in contrast to " summative " which is mainly for external purposes .
assessment which is used for [giving] feedback to those most centrally concerned with a pupil 's learning , the pupil , the pupil 's teacher and parents , is often known as " formative " in contrast to " summative " which is mainly for external purposes .

( b ) Development of learning and teaching by providing information about progress or diagnosis of learning difficulties ; also , on a larger scale , for appraisal of the course of instruction .
( b ) development of learning and teaching by [giving] information about progress or diagnosis of learning difficulties ; also , on a larger scale , for appraisal of the course of instruction .

Feature Marks available or number of levels Knowledge decided by experience of Understanding requisite standards Communication Inventiveness Technique and skills An alternative way of providing foci for assessors is to split the work undertaken by pupils and its write-up into phases .
feature marks available or number of levels knowledge decided by experience of understanding requisite standards communication inventiveness technique and skills an alternative way of [giving] foci for assessors is to split the work undertaken by pupils and its write-up into phases .

The higher success rates were for providing column headings in a table , around 85 per cent for supplying `` thousands ' and `` hundreds `` given `` tens `` and `` units `` .
the higher success rates were for [giving] column headings in a table , around 85 per cent for supplying `` thousands ' and `` hundreds `` given `` tens `` and `` units `` .

Another reason for norm-referenced tests not providing a description of what a pupil knows and can do is the lack of clear specification of learning objectives , at least as far as the formulation of pupil performance on the test is concerned .
another reason for norm-referenced tests not [giving] a description of what a pupil knows and can do is the lack of clear specification of learning objectives , at least as far as the formulation of pupil performance on the test is concerned .

This can be difficult to organize and may not be of great use to the teacher either in planning lessons or in providing feedback for diagnostic purposes .
this can be difficult to organize and may not be of great use to the teacher either in planning lessons or in [giving] feedback for diagnostic purposes .

The problems of criterion referencing are considerable in relation to the benefits claimed : a structuring of the learning environment for pupils ; a focusing on objectives for teachers ; providing more information about what pupils know and can do .
the problems of criterion referencing are considerable in relation to the benefits claimed : a structuring of the learning environment for pupils ; a focusing on objectives for teachers ; [giving] more information about what pupils know and can do .

Basil realized the importance of providing and caring for `` 'the right tools for the job `` and the Art materials should be presented in an attractive way .
basil realized the importance of [giving] and caring for `` 'the right tools for the job `` and the art materials should be presented in an attractive way .

Basil recognised that the best way initially to engage the interest of Art teachers was through providing the opportunity for the development of their own creative work .
basil recognised that the best way initially to engage the interest of art teachers was through [giving] the opportunity for the development of their own creative work .

( d ) The Cabinet Office , although technically providing a service for all members of the cabinet , has grown , in recent years into the Prime Minister 's special source of assistance and information .
( d ) the cabinet office , although technically [giving] a service for all members of the cabinet , has grown , in recent years into the prime minister 's special source of assistance and information .

Greater control will be achieved by providing that the power is to be exercised by way of statutory instrument .
greater control will be achieved by [giving] that the power is to be exercised by way of statutory instrument .

An attempt at reform was instigated in 1968 where a bill providing for a two-tier system of voting and non-voting peers was introduced .
an attempt at reform was instigated in 1968 where a bill [giving] for a two-tier system of voting and non-voting peers was introduced .

( Providing he was not first questioned for that offence in another part of the country ) .
( [giving] he was not first questioned for that offence in another part of the country ) .

Although ( e ) and ( f ) limit the scope of the search , the effect of section 19 is to allow the police to seize other evidence of other unconnected offences providing this is necessary to prevent evidence being destroyed .
although ( e ) and ( f ) limit the scope of the search , the effect of section 19 is to allow the police to seize other evidence of other unconnected offences [giving] this is necessary to prevent evidence being destroyed .

The common-sense view of sleep is that it is good for you , providing an opportunity for recovery from fatigue , is essential for growth , and crucial in cure from illness .
the common-sense view of sleep is that it is good for you , [giving] an opportunity for recovery from fatigue , is essential for growth , and crucial in cure from illness .

They foretell events , providing a sort of rationale for the extraordinary exploits , the failures and the tragedy of Gilgamesh .
they foretell events , [giving] a sort of rationale for the extraordinary exploits , the failures and the tragedy of gilgamesh .

The conventional Western European view at that time was of sleep as a pleasurable indulgence , like sex , providing a natural avenue for the temptations of the devil .
the conventional western european view at that time was of sleep as a pleasurable indulgence , like sex , [giving] a natural avenue for the temptations of the devil .

While well-intentioned , the Russian authorities in wartime were somewhat unreliable in providing supplies , especially in any variety , and the story of these twelve months is one of continuing preoccupation with food and with foraging .
while well-intentioned , the russian authorities in wartime were somewhat unreliable in [giving] supplies , especially in any variety , and the story of these twelve months is one of continuing preoccupation with food and with foraging .

Freudian dream analysis proceeded by the patient 's lying down on the couch , and in as relaxed a frame of mind as possible recounting his or her dream , and then considering the dream images in turn , providing free associations to the object represented .
freudian dream analysis proceeded by the patient 's lying down on the couch , and in as relaxed a frame of mind as possible recounting his or her dream , and then considering the dream images in turn , [giving] free associations to the object represented .

The allantois grows through the exocoelom and fuses with the chorion , thus providing a direct link between the embryo and the ectoplacental cone .
the allantois grows through the exocoelom and fuses with the chorion , thus [giving] a direct link between the embryo and the ectoplacental cone .

The alternatives to providing morphologically recognizable chromosomes without resorting to replication banding are either to `` pre-band `` or to `` post-band `` after hybridization .
the alternatives to [giving] morphologically recognizable chromosomes without resorting to replication banding are either to `` pre-band `` or to `` post-band `` after hybridization .

Public relations is thus concerned with a company or brand reputation which must be such that it gives people confidence in the company , providing the company with total credibility .
public relations is thus concerned with a company or brand reputation which must be such that it gives people confidence in the company , [giving] the company with total credibility .

But exactly what is this creativity and how do you ensure you are providing it ? The subject of creativity is — argued , included in some agency presentations to new business prospects , and touched upon in education for skills in marketing , advertising and public relations .
but exactly what is this creativity and how do you ensure you are [giving] it ? the subject of creativity is — argued , included in some agency presentations to new business prospects , and touched upon in education for skills in marketing , advertising and public relations .

In one respect at least , however , it preceded Emily Faithfull 's London office , by creating a monthly magazine with the express aim of providing a `` constant supply of work for the `` hands `` , all female `` .
in one respect at least , however , it preceded emily faithfull 's london office , by creating a monthly magazine with the express aim of [giving] a `` constant supply of work for the `` hands `` , all female `` .

We should remember that it was ill the employers `` interests to claim that it was not worth providing women with a long training because they would waste it by leaving early ; while it was in the trade union 's interest to claim that women were incompetent because they had only received a short training .
we should remember that it was ill the employers `` interests to claim that it was not worth [giving] women with a long training because they would waste it by leaving early ; while it was in the trade union 's interest to claim that women were incompetent because they had only received a short training .

Active hobbies provide physical occupation allowing the mind a break from other pressures , while hobbies requiring concentration can also divert the mind as well as preventing boredom and providing mental stimulation .
active hobbies provide physical occupation allowing the mind a break from other pressures , while hobbies requiring concentration can also divert the mind as well as preventing boredom and [giving] mental stimulation .

The nurse may help promote sleep by reducing anxieties if possible and generally providing comfort — rearranging pillows or adjusting the backrest .
the nurse may help promote sleep by reducing anxieties if possible and generally [giving] comfort — rearranging pillows or adjusting the backrest .

He went on to say that it was helpful to the Republican cause to have allies and supporters in the oppressing country itself , and that Jasper , Bert , `` and your friends `` could play a useful part , changing public opinion , providing information .
he went on to say that it was helpful to the republican cause to have allies and supporters in the oppressing country itself , and that jasper , bert , `` and your friends `` could play a useful part , changing public opinion , [giving] information .

( e ) providing a " second opinion " by visiting other members ' link schools with them
( e ) [giving] a " second opinion " by visiting other members ' link schools with them

Where the Training Agency is providing funding , it will have an interest in monitoring the progress of the Compact .
where the training agency is [giving] funding , it will have an interest in monitoring the progress of the compact .

— Parents and teachers are responsible for providing the right conditions at home and in school for the achievement of goals .
— parents and teachers are responsible for [giving] the right conditions at home and in school for the achievement of goals .

Compact extends the role of Careers Teachers by providing careers education and counselling .
compact extends the role of careers teachers by [giving] careers education and counselling .

In fact , providing Work Experience may represent a cost to employers in terms of staff supervision time and loss of productivity .
in fact , [giving] work experience may represent a cost to employers in terms of staff supervision time and loss of productivity .

No , not directly ! But you will find you have more contact with people from Compact companies , who will be providing information and resources to help you to do well in your exams .
no , not directly ! but you will find you have more contact with people from compact companies , who will be [giving] information and resources to help you to do well in your exams .

These might include : a ) providing encouragement and support for young women and ethnic minority students to try for jobs they have not traditionally applied for ; b ) provision by employers of Work Experience placements to schools from which they have not previously recruited ; c ) reducing sex-stereotyping in Work Experience ; d ) enriching the curriculum in science and technology subjects in ways which will make them more attractive to young women ; e ) improving education and training opportunities for young people with disabilities .
these might include : a ) [giving] encouragement and support for young women and ethnic minority students to try for jobs they have not traditionally applied for ; b ) provision by employers of work experience placements to schools from which they have not previously recruited ; c ) reducing sex-stereotyping in work experience ; d ) enriching the curriculum in science and technology subjects in ways which will make them more attractive to young women ; e ) improving education and training opportunities for young people with disabilities .

In this way too Compacts can be seen as a mechanism for creating a more collaborative approach amongst all the different agencies responsible for providing education , training and employment .
in this way too compacts can be seen as a mechanism for creating a more collaborative approach amongst all the different agencies responsible for [giving] education , training and employment .

Are there arrangements for providing students with support with regard to personal problems ?
are there arrangements for [giving] students with support with regard to personal problems ?

Nevertheless , in any system which is Orientated towards providing a service to people by people , not everything is predictable .
nevertheless , in any system which is orientated towards [giving] a service to people by people , not everything is predictable .

Has internal rotation been considered as a method of providing ward/department cover ?
has internal rotation been considered as a method of [giving] ward/department cover ?

So far , this report has described arrangements which are designed for staff who have a commitment to providing services at predetermined times and , in the main , to specific patient areas .
so far , this report has described arrangements which are designed for staff who have a commitment to [giving] services at predetermined times and , in the main , to specific patient areas .

Some Health Authorities are dependent upon agencies for providing their regular staffing requirements .
some health authorities are dependent upon agencies for [giving] their regular staffing requirements .

The guitar was not a suitable instrument for this piece and Alice could see that he was providing only a background strumming .
the guitar was not a suitable instrument for this piece and alice could see that he was [giving] only a background strumming .

By 1890 a different kind of underground railway , a tube , had been tunnelled out through the green and yellow clay ( incidentally providing materials for millions of bricks ) , and this first line passed under the river from King William Street to Stockwell .
by 1890 a different kind of underground railway , a tube , had been tunnelled out through the green and yellow clay ( incidentally [giving] materials for millions of bricks ) , and this first line passed under the river from king william street to stockwell .

This means , for example , negotiating good-practice job evaluation schemes and union participation in vocational training , so providing the access for women to long-term non- traditional jobs .
this means , for example , negotiating good-practice job evaluation schemes and union participation in vocational training , so [giving] the access for women to long-term non- traditional jobs .

Two items , Oncques amor and Petite fleur , are first given in alternative setting played by chitarrone and harp , providing both comparisons and well placed variety of tone and texture .
two items , oncques amor and petite fleur , are first given in alternative setting played by chitarrone and harp , [giving] both comparisons and well placed variety of tone and texture .

In addition to paving , cleansing , lighting the streets and providing watchmen , they might be empowered to deal with a variety of nuisances .
in addition to paving , cleansing , lighting the streets and [giving] watchmen , they might be empowered to deal with a variety of nuisances .

There was hesitation , too , in providing for decentralisation within the counties .
there was hesitation , too , in [giving] for decentralisation within the counties .

Senior also differed from his colleagues with respect to the larger and smaller councils that would complement the local authorities providing the main services .
senior also differed from his colleagues with respect to the larger and smaller councils that would complement the local authorities [giving] the main services .

The population was distributed in a very uneven pattern with the concentration in four county boroughs of the south providing a contrast to the scattered and declining population of north and mid-Wales : ‘ six of the thirteen counties were experiencing falling populations and most of the others were only just holding their own ’ ( Wood 1976 : 117 ) .
the population was distributed in a very uneven pattern with the concentration in four county boroughs of the south [giving] a contrast to the scattered and declining population of north and mid-wales : ‘ six of the thirteen counties were experiencing falling populations and most of the others were only just holding their own ’ ( wood 1976 : 117 ) .

First , there has always been the option of providing local services directly from Stormont or some other provincial agency .
first , there has always been the option of [giving] local services directly from stormont or some other provincial agency .

They are confined to discussions of a very general nature and to providing the resources necessary for an efficient service .
they are confined to discussions of a very general nature and to [giving] the resources necessary for an efficient service .

Local authorities are large-scale organisations providing a multiplicity of services and as such present a number of managerial problems .
local authorities are large-scale organisations [giving] a multiplicity of services and as such present a number of managerial problems .

They employ large numbers of professional people such as teachers and social workers who practise their skills in providing a direct service to the public .
they employ large numbers of professional people such as teachers and social workers who practise their skills in [giving] a direct service to the public .

Finally , and most significantly , the responsibility for providing local services is shared between appointed officials and elected councillors in a way that corresponds neither to the practices found in private organisations , nor to those obtaining in other branches of public administration .
finally , and most significantly , the responsibility for [giving] local services is shared between appointed officials and elected councillors in a way that corresponds neither to the practices found in private organisations , nor to those obtaining in other branches of public administration .

Local authorities are directly responsible for providing services in a way that central government frequently avoids by the allocation of responsibility to other governmental agencies .
local authorities are directly responsible for [giving] services in a way that central government frequently avoids by the allocation of responsibility to other governmental agencies .

The growth in such services will often stem from government legislation providing for higher standards as the following examples make clear .
the growth in such services will often stem from government legislation [giving] for higher standards as the following examples make clear .

Second , grants may be justified as a method of redistributing the burden of providing an equal level of services among local authorities that differ in both their needs and their available resources .
second , grants may be justified as a method of redistributing the burden of [giving] an equal level of services among local authorities that differ in both their needs and their available resources .

Various adjustments are made to allow for special circumstances affecting local costs of providing particular services .
various adjustments are made to allow for special circumstances affecting local costs of [giving] particular services .

The Layfield Committee received complaints about the difficulties of providing safeguards against inefficiency when a local authority is acting within its legal powers .
the layfield committee received complaints about the difficulties of [giving] safeguards against inefficiency when a local authority is acting within its legal powers .

Under the Local Government and Housing Act 1989 ( Section 181 , the Secretary of State by regulations may authorise a local authority to make a scheme providing for the payment of councillors .
under the local government and housing act 1989 ( section 181 , the secretary of state by regulations may authorise a local authority to make a scheme [giving] for the payment of councillors .

After providing music for the Druid Theatre 's production of Behan 's ‘ The Hostage ’ , she was invited to join Johnny McDonagh 's new group Arcady , and subsequently toured the world for eighteen months with The Waterboys , as well as contributing to their ‘ Room To Roam ’ album .
after [giving] music for the druid theatre 's production of behan 's ‘ the hostage ’ , she was invited to join johnny mcdonagh 's new group arcady , and subsequently toured the world for eighteen months with the waterboys , as well as contributing to their ‘ room to roam ’ album .

All academic disciplines or areas of study are faced with the initial problem of providing the layperson or newcomer to the discipline with some idea as to what their subject ‘ is all about ’ .
all academic disciplines or areas of study are faced with the initial problem of [giving] the layperson or newcomer to the discipline with some idea as to what their subject ‘ is all about ’ .

The natural sciences , though essentially in their infancy , were beginning to develop systematic methods for studying the physical world and the individual 's part in ( and relation to ) it , and they were being increasingly recognised and valued for providing this more ‘ certain ' knowledge .
the natural sciences , though essentially in their infancy , were beginning to develop systematic methods for studying the physical world and the individual 's part in ( and relation to ) it , and they were being increasingly recognised and valued for [giving] this more ‘ certain ' knowledge .

Sociology has an important role to play in exploding myths and misconceptions about social phenomena and institutions , and in providing a context in which controversial issues can be examined critically and analytically .
sociology has an important role to play in exploding myths and misconceptions about social phenomena and institutions , and in [giving] a context in which controversial issues can be examined critically and analytically .

Thank you for providing them in 1990 .
thank you for [giving] them in 1990 .

Joyce was committed to providing for the two daughters of his first marriage , to whom he was a conscientious father , as well as supporting his second wife .
joyce was committed to [giving] for the two daughters of his first marriage , to whom he was a conscientious father , as well as supporting his second wife .

After annexation Korea was seen as crucial in providing support for the Japanese economy and four times as much long-term capital was invested in Korea than in Taiwan .
after annexation korea was seen as crucial in [giving] support for the japanese economy and four times as much long-term capital was invested in korea than in taiwan .

The two rise-and-fall pendant lights above the table look stunning , as well as providing intimate light for dining .
the two rise-and-fall pendant lights above the table look stunning , as well as [giving] intimate light for dining .

Below : Miami from the 5 Star range by Geba Price guide : 60-cm-wide base unit , £391 This gleaming white kitchen has high-gloss lacquered units finished with brass rails and handles . Deep drawers underneath the hob are an attractive feature as well as providing useful storage space
below : miami from the 5 star range by geba price guide : 60-cm-wide base unit , £391 this gleaming white kitchen has high-gloss lacquered units finished with brass rails and handles . deep drawers underneath the hob are an attractive feature as well as [giving] useful storage space

Providing financial services for the wealthy made Roger Levitt one of them .
[giving] financial services for the wealthy made roger levitt one of them .

Its Monitor system , providing financial news to nearly 200,000 screens worldwide , has already ‘ democratised ’ the flow of information .
its monitor system , [giving] financial news to nearly 200,000 screens worldwide , has already ‘ democratised ’ the flow of information .

Thus the diocese of Southwark contributes up to £200,000 a year towards the 314 churches and a further £1 million on providing a roof for its 500 clergy .
thus the diocese of southwark contributes up to £200,000 a year towards the 314 churches and a further £1 million on [giving] a roof for its 500 clergy .

The surpluses increasingly generated by eighteenth century agriculture were turned by the cash economy into increased consumption of non-agricultural produce , providing savings and capital for non-agricultural demand and investment , as Malthus observed ( 1836 ) .
the surpluses increasingly generated by eighteenth century agriculture were turned by the cash economy into increased consumption of non-agricultural produce , [giving] savings and capital for non-agricultural demand and investment , as malthus observed ( 1836 ) .

By 1939 280 local authorities were providing family planning help , together with almost seventy private clinics .
by 1939 280 local authorities were [giving] family planning help , together with almost seventy private clinics .

Study of the distribution of the British population has to be based largely on the census , an amazingly rich and flexible source of data but capable of providing us with only occasional , if regular , views of what is happening .
study of the distribution of the british population has to be based largely on the census , an amazingly rich and flexible source of data but capable of [giving] us with only occasional , if regular , views of what is happening .

Nevertheless , what is most notable is the remarkable stability of the complaints and accusations that were arranged around the criminal question , providing firm lines of continuity between pre-war and postwar Britain .
nevertheless , what is most notable is the remarkable stability of the complaints and accusations that were arranged around the criminal question , [giving] firm lines of continuity between pre-war and postwar britain .

War had its rules and conventions , the so-called laws of war ( ‘ jus in bello ’ ) , which , internationally understood , bound military society together by providing a common code of practice and a moderating influence upon its conduct .
war had its rules and conventions , the so-called laws of war ( ‘ jus in bello ’ ) , which , internationally understood , bound military society together by [giving] a common code of practice and a moderating influence upon its conduct .

If the great aristocracy was responsible for providing large contingents for the war ( and , in England , at least , it was they who , after the king , provided the largest ) the work of raising these soldiers was often done by men of local knowledge and influence who subcontracted with the royal captains to raise the troops required .
if the great aristocracy was responsible for [giving] large contingents for the war ( and , in england , at least , it was they who , after the king , provided the largest ) the work of raising these soldiers was often done by men of local knowledge and influence who subcontracted with the royal captains to raise the troops required .

Paradoxically , therefore , instead of providing refuge for those fleeing from the countryside , the very existence of these fortified towns drew the attention of the invader to them .
paradoxically , therefore , instead of [giving] refuge for those fleeing from the countryside , the very existence of these fortified towns drew the attention of the invader to them .

With three floors of showrooms offering ceramic tiles for every application , from Period to Modern ; exclusive ranges from around the world including handmade Delft , Murals and Terracotta ; and providing professional advice and technical assistance ; we are sure Ceramique Internationale Limited can meet your every creative requirement .
with three floors of showrooms offering ceramic tiles for every application , from period to modern ; exclusive ranges from around the world including handmade delft , murals and terracotta ; and [giving] professional advice and technical assistance ; we are sure ceramique internationale limited can meet your every creative requirement .

Additionally the full range from Marvic Textiles is now available from Sloane Avenue providing an exceptionally comprehensive selection of furnishing fabric .
additionally the full range from marvic textiles is now available from sloane avenue [giving] an exceptionally comprehensive selection of furnishing fabric .

Transport of any kind is subject to the conditions of carriage of the company actually providing that transport .
transport of any kind is subject to the conditions of carriage of the company actually [giving] that transport .

To give you time to get your group together , we will hold your reservation on option for up to four weeks ( providing this is more than 12 weeks before departure ) without any financial obligation .
to give you time to get your group together , we will hold your reservation on option for up to four weeks ( [giving] this is more than 12 weeks before departure ) without any financial obligation .

Sleek and sexy under tight clothes , the all-in-one fulfils the role of both bra and briefs , providing comfort and light control . These are underwired for total practicality :
sleek and sexy under tight clothes , the all-in-one fulfils the role of both bra and briefs , [giving] comfort and light control . these are underwired for total practicality :

This meant providing informed answers to a number of questions .
this meant [giving] informed answers to a number of questions .

In these life stories , then , each user is providing an interpretation of past actions which is intimately linked to his or her present-day existence .
in these life stories , then , each user is [giving] an interpretation of past actions which is intimately linked to his or her present-day existence .

So , for example , France entered into a bilateral Convention with Austria on 11 July 1966 providing for direct communication between the Ministries of Justice of the two countries , and with Italy on 12 January 1955 allowing documents to be sent by the competent authority to the parquet in France and the corresponding officers in Italy .
so , for example , france entered into a bilateral convention with austria on 11 july 1966 [giving] for direct communication between the ministries of justice of the two countries , and with italy on 12 january 1955 allowing documents to be sent by the competent authority to the parquet in france and the corresponding officers in italy .

The Council of Europe stayed its hand , and the Seventh Session of the Conference found that by making two small amendments to the service provisions of the 1905 text ( the definition of ‘ autorité compétente ’ in Article 2 , so as to include solicitors ; an addition to Article 3 providing for the supply of two copies of the document to be served ) the Hague text could be made entirely acceptable to the British Government .
the council of europe stayed its hand , and the seventh session of the conference found that by making two small amendments to the service provisions of the 1905 text ( the definition of ‘ autorité compétente ’ in article 2 , so as to include solicitors ; an addition to article 3 [giving] for the supply of two copies of the document to be served ) the hague text could be made entirely acceptable to the british government .

This is a remarkably brief document , providing so far as service of documents is concerned for letters of request to be addressed by a diplomatic or consular officer of the requesting state to the competent authority of the requested state , and for the execution of any request the authenticity of which was not in doubt unless the requested state considered that this would be contrary to its public policy .
this is a remarkably brief document , [giving] so far as service of documents is concerned for letters of request to be addressed by a diplomatic or consular officer of the requesting state to the competent authority of the requested state , and for the execution of any request the authenticity of which was not in doubt unless the requested state considered that this would be contrary to its public policy .

v. Waite actions were begun both in the English and the Irish courts in respect of breach of a licensing agreement providing for the manufacture in Ireland of bullet-proof vests for the Libyan authorities .
v. waite actions were begun both in the english and the irish courts in respect of breach of a licensing agreement [giving] for the manufacture in ireland of bullet-proof vests for the libyan authorities .

a more specific power to appoint a British consul or his deputy as a special examiner may be exercised where a Civil Procedure Convention subsists between the United Kingdom and the relevant foreign country providing for the taking of the evidence of any person in that country for the assistance of proceedings in the High Court ( the unspoken assumption being that any such Convention will permit consuls to act ) ; and
a more specific power to appoint a british consul or his deputy as a special examiner may be exercised where a civil procedure convention subsists between the united kingdom and the relevant foreign country [giving] for the taking of the evidence of any person in that country for the assistance of proceedings in the high court ( the unspoken assumption being that any such convention will permit consuls to act ) ; and

In addition to these United Kingdom bilateral conventions , there was a very large number of bilateral arrangements between States , many of whom were parties to the 1905 Hague Convention , regulating procedures and providing for other modes of communication ; the Hague Conference Permanent Bureau listed over 50 such arrangements known to it in 1967 .
in addition to these united kingdom bilateral conventions , there was a very large number of bilateral arrangements between states , many of whom were parties to the 1905 hague convention , regulating procedures and [giving] for other modes of communication ; the hague conference permanent bureau listed over 50 such arrangements known to it in 1967 .

The Convention , partly drawing on United Kingdom bilateral conventions , sought to harmonise these different concepts by providing a procedural device acceptable to all systems .
the convention , partly drawing on united kingdom bilateral conventions , sought to harmonise these different concepts by [giving] a procedural device acceptable to all systems .

The caterers have to turn hoteliers when it comes to the Executive Development Programmes at Heaton Mount where there are 30 bedrooms , providing top service and up-market menus to appeal to business professionals .
the caterers have to turn hoteliers when it comes to the executive development programmes at heaton mount where there are 30 bedrooms , [giving] top service and up-market menus to appeal to business professionals .

It is at the forefront of research and teaching in many disciplines and has formed close links with industry and commerce locally , nationally and internationally , whilst , at the same time , providing a caring and supportive environment in which students and staff can develop their abilities to the full .
it is at the forefront of research and teaching in many disciplines and has formed close links with industry and commerce locally , nationally and internationally , whilst , at the same time , [giving] a caring and supportive environment in which students and staff can develop their abilities to the full .

All are located in close proximity to one another , providing scope for multiple syndicate as well as plenary sessions .
all are located in close proximity to one another , [giving] scope for multiple syndicate as well as plenary sessions .

The notion of the older age groups as an economic burden posing a threat to the economic standards of other members of the population is illustrated by the report of the Phillips Committee in 1954 which was first to raise the alarm about the Prospective costs of Providing pensions for future generations of elderly .
the notion of the older age groups as an economic burden posing a threat to the economic standards of other members of the population is illustrated by the report of the phillips committee in 1954 which was first to raise the alarm about the prospective costs of [giving] pensions for future generations of elderly .

The most appropriate way of providing health care for older people within the hospital sector remains a point of contention .
the most appropriate way of [giving] health care for older people within the hospital sector remains a point of contention .

There is a clear emphasis upon promoting the choice of individuals in influencing the type of care they receive , providing care outside institutions if at all possible and limiting the amount of care available so as not to foster dependence .
there is a clear emphasis upon promoting the choice of individuals in influencing the type of care they receive , [giving] care outside institutions if at all possible and limiting the amount of care available so as not to foster dependence .

According to the White paper community care may be defined as providing the right level of intervention and support to enable people to achieve maximum independence and control over their own lives .
according to the white paper community care may be defined as [giving] the right level of intervention and support to enable people to achieve maximum independence and control over their own lives .

For example , those purchasing care can not establish too close a relationship with the direct care providing groups .
for example , those purchasing care can not establish too close a relationship with the direct care [giving] groups .

Implementation of this new social care providing system is , therefore , likely to radically affect the structure of social service departments and the relationship between its constituent elements .
implementation of this new social care [giving] system is , therefore , likely to radically affect the structure of social service departments and the relationship between its constituent elements .

The formal social care providing agencies are divided into various categories either by the type of agency involved , public or private or the location of care , institution or domiciliary .
the formal social care [giving] agencies are divided into various categories either by the type of agency involved , public or private or the location of care , institution or domiciliary .

However , there are debates about the possible future role of children in providing care .
however , there are debates about the possible future role of children in [giving] care .

But introducing an abstract noun is not the same thing as providing an explanation .
but introducing an abstract noun is not the same thing as [giving] an explanation .

Budgies is a pleasant and friendly guest house , providing a full English breakfast , close to the sea , near the Palace Pier and Royal Pavilion .
budgies is a pleasant and friendly guest house , [giving] a full english breakfast , close to the sea , near the palace pier and royal pavilion .

The owners pride themselves on offering comfortable accommodation , on giving personal service with attention to detail and on providing a choice of good food .
the owners pride themselves on offering comfortable accommodation , on giving personal service with attention to detail and on [giving] a choice of good food .

The management prides itself on offering comfortable accommodation in elegant surroundings , and puts an emphasis on providing excellent service .
the management prides itself on offering comfortable accommodation in elegant surroundings , and puts an emphasis on [giving] excellent service .

Today , its appeal is still strong — well-kept sandy beaches , dotted with sunbeds and colourful umbrellas ; brightly painted fishing boats providing the freshest of feasts ; tree-lined streets , and a range of special events at the Tourist Palace .
today , its appeal is still strong — well-kept sandy beaches , dotted with sunbeds and colourful umbrellas ; brightly painted fishing boats [giving] the freshest of feasts ; tree-lined streets , and a range of special events at the tourist palace .

The Ferretti family have a reputation for providing good food and friendly service .
the ferretti family have a reputation for [giving] good food and friendly service .

Turn back through the pages of ancient history books on Venice and as far back as the year 1740 you will find tell of a friendly hostelry providing a refuge to weary travellers on this hotel 's site .
turn back through the pages of ancient history books on venice and as far back as the year 1740 you will find tell of a friendly hostelry [giving] a refuge to weary travellers on this hotel 's site .

The demanding owner , Signora Caridi , insists on high standards and has drawn around her a team of staff dedicated to providing simple , spotless accommodation and friendly service .
the demanding owner , signora caridi , insists on high standards and has drawn around her a team of staff dedicated to [giving] simple , spotless accommodation and friendly service .

Today it is the fabulous panoramic restaurant and Terrazza Brunelleschi roof garden which are the crowning glory , boasting superb views of the city , and providing a fine setting for dinner or a refreshing aperitif .
today it is the fabulous panoramic restaurant and terrazza brunelleschi roof garden which are the crowning glory , boasting superb views of the city , and [giving] a fine setting for dinner or a refreshing aperitif .

Under the same management as the Villa San Paolo down the road , it shows the same ability albeit in a different category , to combine taste and comfort in providing hospitality .
under the same management as the villa san paolo down the road , it shows the same ability albeit in a different category , to combine taste and comfort in [giving] hospitality .

One solution is to adopt the North American practice of providing patients with a comprehensive list of postoperative complications , but to most British doctors the prospect of burdening patients with ‘ unwanted ’ information about what might go wrong is deemed to be both unhelpful and unkind .
one solution is to adopt the north american practice of [giving] patients with a comprehensive list of postoperative complications , but to most british doctors the prospect of burdening patients with ‘ unwanted ’ information about what might go wrong is deemed to be both unhelpful and unkind .

Key ways in which they have worked to lower costs are in reducing the prescribing rate ( which is often high in poorer areas ) ; increasing generic prescribing by informing people of the savings , addressing concerns , and , in the west midlands , offering laboratory analysis if patients believe there to be a difference in symptom control ; and providing draft formularies and guidance on their management .
key ways in which they have worked to lower costs are in reducing the prescribing rate ( which is often high in poorer areas ) ; increasing generic prescribing by informing people of the savings , addressing concerns , and , in the west midlands , offering laboratory analysis if patients believe there to be a difference in symptom control ; and [giving] draft formularies and guidance on their management .

Although providing good quality primary care is difficult in urban areas across the United Kingdom , the depth of London 's problems — and their persistence — do argue for special treatment .
although [giving] good quality primary care is difficult in urban areas across the united kingdom , the depth of london 's problems — and their persistence — do argue for special treatment .

Existing contractual arrangements are inadequate as a means both of attracting sufficient high calibre practitioners to work in London and of rewarding them for providing an appropriate range of services .
existing contractual arrangements are inadequate as a means both of attracting sufficient high calibre practitioners to work in london and of rewarding them for [giving] an appropriate range of services .

Incentive payments for providing medical cover to local community care centres or nursing bed units
incentive payments for [giving] medical cover to local community care centres or nursing bed units

On the other hand , providing a false diagnosis adds to patients ' disability , reinforces maladaptive behaviour , and ensures that what might have been a brief illness becomes refractory to treatment .
on the other hand , [giving] a false diagnosis adds to patients ' disability , reinforces maladaptive behaviour , and ensures that what might have been a brief illness becomes refractory to treatment .

Pyridinoline ( also known as hydroxylysyl pyridinoline ) and deoxypyrolidine ( also known as lysyl-proline ) are not further metabolised , thus providing a better index of resorption than hydroxyproline , which also has the disadvantage that it is found in skin as well as bone .
pyridinoline ( also known as hydroxylysyl pyridinoline ) and deoxypyrolidine ( also known as lysyl-proline ) are not further metabolised , thus [giving] a better index of resorption than hydroxyproline , which also has the disadvantage that it is found in skin as well as bone .

Providing an outline of each paper in the second part of the introduction , below , we draw attention to the feminist debates which are the source for each contributor 's point of departure .
[giving] an outline of each paper in the second part of the introduction , below , we draw attention to the feminist debates which are the source for each contributor 's point of departure .

She sees natural sex differences as providing the basis for a critique of certain philosophical conceptions which exclude women , and in that way is enlisting them on the side of feminism .
she sees natural sex differences as [giving] the basis for a critique of certain philosophical conceptions which exclude women , and in that way is enlisting them on the side of feminism .

Valuable , in that , by providing a conception of an autonomous , rational and apparently neutral subject , it made it possible for Enlightenment liberalism ( in particular Mary Wollstonecraft ) to question the exclusion of women from public life .
valuable , in that , by [giving] a conception of an autonomous , rational and apparently neutral subject , it made it possible for enlightenment liberalism ( in particular mary wollstonecraft ) to question the exclusion of women from public life .

The Ronseal Low-Odour Wood Preserver is for exterior wood , providing deep penetration , a special blend of waterproofing agents , and fade-resistant natural pigments .
the ronseal low-odour wood preserver is for exterior wood , [giving] deep penetration , a special blend of waterproofing agents , and fade-resistant natural pigments .

Providing posts are of the correct spacing , replacement is easy , but where posts are closer , a panel may have to be cut to size . Hold the new panel in place and mark for cutting
[giving] posts are of the correct spacing , replacement is easy , but where posts are closer , a panel may have to be cut to size . hold the new panel in place and mark for cutting

the country providing the currency which was needed for foreign exchange support operations ) did not develop an unbalanced composition of reserves .
the country [giving] the currency which was needed for foreign exchange support operations ) did not develop an unbalanced composition of reserves .

Continuous adjustment If a country is suffering balance of payments difficulties because of a long-run decline in its competitive position , then a floating exchange rate allows a gradual depreciation of the home currency to come about , thus providing a continuous stimulus to exports and a continuous discourage-ment to imports .
continuous adjustment if a country is suffering balance of payments difficulties because of a long-run decline in its competitive position , then a floating exchange rate allows a gradual depreciation of the home currency to come about , thus [giving] a continuous stimulus to exports and a continuous discourage-ment to imports .

Supplementary financing Providing about 8 per cent of funds , this facility , established in 1977 , is intended to assist countries with longer-term problems in their balance of payments , and for which the normal facilities of the Fund are not adequate .
supplementary financing [giving] about 8 per cent of funds , this facility , established in 1977 , is intended to assist countries with longer-term problems in their balance of payments , and for which the normal facilities of the fund are not adequate .

It was against this background of ‘ stagflation ’ that monetarism increasingly became more influential , providing as it did an alternative explanation of the economic problems of the time as well as a potential remedy .
it was against this background of ‘ stagflation ’ that monetarism increasingly became more influential , [giving] as it did an alternative explanation of the economic problems of the time as well as a potential remedy .

With Wolfgang Amadeus providing the background buzz , Austrian eaterie Mozart Stub ' n ( ) packs them into a tiny floor space .
with wolfgang amadeus [giving] the background buzz , austrian eaterie mozart stub ' n ( ) packs them into a tiny floor space .

However , they give priority to providing an adequate state contributory pension which does not require a means-tested supplement .
however , they give priority to [giving] an adequate state contributory pension which does not require a means-tested supplement .

Any question of providing long-term support for children in the family of a man who is not their father should be considered in the wider context of financial provision for families generally .
any question of [giving] long-term support for children in the family of a man who is not their father should be considered in the wider context of financial provision for families generally .

In this view , women 's place is firmly in the home , providing a ‘ haven in a heartless world ’ , servicing the needs of their men — who spend most of their time in the ‘ public ’ world of work — and socialising their daughters and unmarried female servants into the ways of domesticity and sexual chastity ( Davidoff et al .
in this view , women 's place is firmly in the home , [giving] a ‘ haven in a heartless world ’ , servicing the needs of their men — who spend most of their time in the ‘ public ’ world of work — and socialising their daughters and unmarried female servants into the ways of domesticity and sexual chastity ( davidoff et al .

In contrast , high-rise housing was originally intended in part to undermine this definition of the domestic ideal ; by using a quite different urban built form and providing communal facilities such as creches and canteens , it was thought that women would be liberated both from the ideology of domesticity and its actuality .
in contrast , high-rise housing was originally intended in part to undermine this definition of the domestic ideal ; by using a quite different urban built form and [giving] communal facilities such as creches and canteens , it was thought that women would be liberated both from the ideology of domesticity and its actuality .

Inevitably single women with children and elderly women form an important part of this group , and indeed , housing associations and co-ops have been important in providing groups with an opportunity to live collectively as a positive alternative to the nuclear family .
inevitably single women with children and elderly women form an important part of this group , and indeed , housing associations and co-ops have been important in [giving] groups with an opportunity to live collectively as a positive alternative to the nuclear family .

For Freud , this would have been to replace one set of dogmatic assertions with another set , held by the believers to be for ever true , and providing a sense of false security for them .
for freud , this would have been to replace one set of dogmatic assertions with another set , held by the believers to be for ever true , and [giving] a sense of false security for them .

Psychoanalysis is a matter of combating the emotional resistances of the analysand to uncovering repressed material from childhood , and not of simply providing the analysand with more cognitive information , or a new conceptual scheme .
psychoanalysis is a matter of combating the emotional resistances of the analysand to uncovering repressed material from childhood , and not of simply [giving] the analysand with more cognitive information , or a new conceptual scheme .

Utilitarian notions in the social sciences are not enough for even providing a conceptual framework for grasping what actually happens .
utilitarian notions in the social sciences are not enough for even [giving] a conceptual framework for grasping what actually happens .

Freud is not to be taken to be providing a theory of instinct for all species , but trying to puzzle out the complex similarities and differences between man and animals .
freud is not to be taken to be [giving] a theory of instinct for all species , but trying to puzzle out the complex similarities and differences between man and animals .

The development of science and education has done something similar in the development of mankind , and is more successful than religions in providing real gains in the external world , because its image of the external world is more accurate than those which are based on religious notions .
the development of science and education has done something similar in the development of mankind , and is more successful than religions in [giving] real gains in the external world , because its image of the external world is more accurate than those which are based on religious notions .

Technology and applied science have done much more to alleviate the worst effects of nature by providing help against , for instance , floods , storms , diseases , droughts , infertile soils and long distances .
technology and applied science have done much more to alleviate the worst effects of nature by [giving] help against , for instance , floods , storms , diseases , droughts , infertile soils and long distances .

We are indebted to the Sports Council for providing financial assistance for the purchase of bolts , stakes and abseil chains and sledgehammers .
we are indebted to the sports council for [giving] financial assistance for the purchase of bolts , stakes and abseil chains and sledgehammers .

The king seemed to regard Stratford 's conduct of government as tantamount to treachery , and the king 's supporters issued a statement , the Libellus Famosus , denouncing his conduct of government during the king 's absence and declaring that the delay in providing money for the army in Flanders had arisen from the fault , or the neglect , or even the malice of the archbishop .
the king seemed to regard stratford 's conduct of government as tantamount to treachery , and the king 's supporters issued a statement , the libellus famosus , denouncing his conduct of government during the king 's absence and declaring that the delay in [giving] money for the army in flanders had arisen from the fault , or the neglect , or even the malice of the archbishop .

Providing no amendments are carried , which looks likely , it will receive the Royal Assent without being considered again by the Commons .
[giving] no amendments are carried , which looks likely , it will receive the royal assent without being considered again by the commons .

The company , which has been in the hands of receivers since February , faces the prospect of its production lines halting after a judge refused to rule that a crucial supplier , to whom it owes large sums of money , was legally obliged to continue providing vital components .
the company , which has been in the hands of receivers since february , faces the prospect of its production lines halting after a judge refused to rule that a crucial supplier , to whom it owes large sums of money , was legally obliged to continue [giving] vital components .

City play a 4–2–4 system with wingers Rick Holden and David White ( top scorer with 17 goals ) providing the crosses for Eire international Niall Quinn .
city play a 4–2–4 system with wingers rick holden and david white ( top scorer with 17 goals ) [giving] the crosses for eire international niall quinn .

‘ We are not interested in just providing a child-minding service , ’ said Labour Group leader Bill Archibald .
‘ we are not interested in just [giving] a child-minding service , ’ said labour group leader bill archibald .

167 , providing overall variations around it .
167 , [giving] overall variations around it .

Jeff Hammond , of Willis Corroon , said the service would provide the means of dealing with these potential threats to businesses enabling them to get on with their main task — providing quality products to an ever more aware consumer market .
jeff hammond , of willis corroon , said the service would provide the means of dealing with these potential threats to businesses enabling them to get on with their main task — [giving] quality products to an ever more aware consumer market .

In the I970s the fuel boards were pressured by the Labour government not to disconnect households with children providing they would cooperate in paying off their arrears .
in the i970s the fuel boards were pressured by the labour government not to disconnect households with children [giving] they would cooperate in paying off their arrears .

Unemployment leaves many men without the means of providing for women and children , and increasing divorce and separation is symptomatic of a growing instability in sexual relationships between men and women .
unemployment leaves many men without the means of [giving] for women and children , and increasing divorce and separation is symptomatic of a growing instability in sexual relationships between men and women .

We play a significant role in the supervision of insurance companies and pension funds , providing a link between the supervisors and the companies and funds .
we play a significant role in the supervision of insurance companies and pension funds , [giving] a link between the supervisors and the companies and funds .

‘ to develop the role and enhance the reputation of the actuarial profession in providing expert and relevant solutions to financial and business problems , especially those involving uncertain future events ’ .
‘ to develop the role and enhance the reputation of the actuarial profession in [giving] expert and relevant solutions to financial and business problems , especially those involving uncertain future events ’ .

The principal objective of the system of supervision with the Appointed Actuary is to give emphasis to the importance of providing fair value for consumers of life assurance products and ensuring their security , rather than to provide protection for the insurance company .
the principal objective of the system of supervision with the appointed actuary is to give emphasis to the importance of [giving] fair value for consumers of life assurance products and ensuring their security , rather than to provide protection for the insurance company .

As in so many other areas , developments in the European general insurance field are providing the profession with much more work in monitoring and reviewing draft directives and associated legislation from the regulatory authorities .
as in so many other areas , developments in the european general insurance field are [giving] the profession with much more work in monitoring and reviewing draft directives and associated legislation from the regulatory authorities .

In addition to providing a regular preventative maintenance service they are also well set up for dealing with emergency work on a 24 hour basis .
in addition to [giving] a regular preventative maintenance service they are also well set up for dealing with emergency work on a 24 hour basis .

The results of research have indicated that there are already too many fast food operators providing meat in burger form .
the results of research have indicated that there are already too many fast food operators [giving] meat in burger form .

For more than a century the Board has been providing qualifications for industry that are internationally recognised and this pedigree leaves it ideally positioned to contribute to the growing need for transportable workplace focused qualifications .
for more than a century the board has been [giving] qualifications for industry that are internationally recognised and this pedigree leaves it ideally positioned to contribute to the growing need for transportable workplace focused qualifications .

This guide is intended to help teachers and students by examining the weaknesses shown in previous examinations and providing advice on model answers .
this guide is intended to help teachers and students by examining the weaknesses shown in previous examinations and [giving] advice on model answers .

The second in a three-book course , providing more complex tasks and vocabulary than in book one , with increased emphasis on writing , and practice in dictionary work .
the second in a three-book course , [giving] more complex tasks and vocabulary than in book one , with increased emphasis on writing , and practice in dictionary work .

It is aimed at providing practising teachers of English as a Foreign Language with the additional skills and knowledge required to operate effectively in the field of teaching English for Business purposes .
it is aimed at [giving] practising teachers of english as a foreign language with the additional skills and knowledge required to operate effectively in the field of teaching english for business purposes .

‘ The quality oil brand ’ was understood as meaning providing higher quality goods and services than the competition , even if it was unclear whether the customer was willing to pay for these ‘ extras ’ .
‘ the quality oil brand ’ was understood as meaning [giving] higher quality goods and services than the competition , even if it was unclear whether the customer was willing to pay for these ‘ extras ’ .

‘ It is a case of killing two birds with one stone , with the added advantage of the contractor providing unified management for the entire chain of planning , acquisition and processing , ’ he said .
‘ it is a case of killing two birds with one stone , with the added advantage of the contractor [giving] unified management for the entire chain of planning , acquisition and processing , ’ he said .

The core subjects are directed towards providing the communication and information systems for modern business operations .
the core subjects are directed towards [giving] the communication and information systems for modern business operations .

providing input to the development of the overall course framework , including the determination of the broad course competences , and input to the writing of unit specifications for core areas ;
[giving] input to the development of the overall course framework , including the determination of the broad course competences , and input to the writing of unit specifications for core areas ;

Utilising electronic organisation and desktop publishing will allow students to gain familiarity with current systems that can directly affect overall cost effectiveness of a solution ; as well as providing the opportunity for evaluating the effectiveness of new technology , its commercial viability and its impact on the visual communication of information .
utilising electronic organisation and desktop publishing will allow students to gain familiarity with current systems that can directly affect overall cost effectiveness of a solution ; as well as [giving] the opportunity for evaluating the effectiveness of new technology , its commercial viability and its impact on the visual communication of information .

The reward for the hard work is that a much better system of advanced courses is now in place , giving better service to employers and providing candidates with many more opportunities , with greater flexibility and with greatly improved progression routes from National Certificate Modules all the way through to degrees .
the reward for the hard work is that a much better system of advanced courses is now in place , giving better service to employers and [giving] candidates with many more opportunities , with greater flexibility and with greatly improved progression routes from national certificate modules all the way through to degrees .

In consultation with colleges in 1989 , we planned the changeover to the new system over three years and three batches , providing , we hoped , a timetable which was not too rushed but which at the same time allowed centres to progress at a pace which met their candidates ' needs .
in consultation with colleges in 1989 , we planned the changeover to the new system over three years and three batches , [giving] , we hoped , a timetable which was not too rushed but which at the same time allowed centres to progress at a pace which met their candidates ' needs .

The Group pursues an active policy of providing safe systems of work and on-the-job safety training .
the group pursues an active policy of [giving] safe systems of work and on-the-job safety training .

The expected cost of providing pensions to employees is charged to the profit and loss account as incurred over the period of employment of pensionable employees .
the expected cost of [giving] pensions to employees is charged to the profit and loss account as incurred over the period of employment of pensionable employees .

Providing for Long Term Care
[giving] for long term care

The Company Secretary is responsible for keeping the Human Resources Director informed on all environmental issues as and when necessary , and for providing any legal input required by the Committee .
the company secretary is responsible for keeping the human resources director informed on all environmental issues as and when necessary , and for [giving] any legal input required by the committee .

Endorsement of this type has the potential of providing a useful service in areas such as student exchanges .
endorsement of this type has the potential of [giving] a useful service in areas such as student exchanges .

It offers an interconnected system of over 10,000 screens providing information on study and work in the 12 European Community member states , all controlled by a simple point-and-click system .
it offers an interconnected system of over 10,000 screens [giving] information on study and work in the 12 european community member states , all controlled by a simple point-and-click system .

Seven modules have been introduced covering areas such as cognitive , occupational , developmental and clinical psychology , and providing the skills and knowledge likely to be required at a basic level in higher education .
seven modules have been introduced covering areas such as cognitive , occupational , developmental and clinical psychology , and [giving] the skills and knowledge likely to be required at a basic level in higher education .

The idea , then , is to build on the emerging role of lead industry bodies in vocational education and training by providing certification which recognises the achievement of the competences identified by these bodies .
the idea , then , is to build on the emerging role of lead industry bodies in vocational education and training by [giving] certification which recognises the achievement of the competences identified by these bodies .

Appropriate methods of providing advice and feedback are used
appropriate methods of [giving] advice and feedback are used

Rather than providing separate certificates for each , along the lines of the existing National Certificate , it has been decided to introduce one unit-based certificate which will be used for all units .
rather than [giving] separate certificates for each , along the lines of the existing national certificate , it has been decided to introduce one unit-based certificate which will be used for all units .

The centre ensures that staff providing teaching/training and assessment are :
the centre ensures that staff [giving] teaching/training and assessment are :

They are acceptable , for example , for gathering evidence of a candidate 's knowledge and understanding — but they would not be acceptable for providing evidence of practical skills such as driving or welding .
they are acceptable , for example , for gathering evidence of a candidate 's knowledge and understanding — but they would not be acceptable for [giving] evidence of practical skills such as driving or welding .

Under the policy we are only responsible for providing a replacement item and are not responsible for supplying matching items .
under the policy we are only responsible for [giving] a replacement item and are not responsible for supplying matching items .

4* and 5* policies cover all sums for which the policyholder becomes legally liable to pay for loss of metered water resulting directly from accidental damage to water pipes and apparatus providing service to the buildings described in the schedule .
4* and 5* policies cover all sums for which the policyholder becomes legally liable to pay for loss of metered water resulting directly from accidental damage to water pipes and apparatus [giving] service to the buildings described in the schedule .

Under the policy we are only responsible for providing a replacement item and are not responsible for supplying matching items .
under the policy we are only responsible for [giving] a replacement item and are not responsible for supplying matching items .

This was in view of the company 's established reputation in providing environmental services safely and responsibly in pest control , clinical waste disposal , property conservation , timber pre-treatment , air cleaning equipment , water and air conditioning servicing , and generally carrying out the types of work that other companies are reluctant to undertake .
this was in view of the company 's established reputation in [giving] environmental services safely and responsibly in pest control , clinical waste disposal , property conservation , timber pre-treatment , air cleaning equipment , water and air conditioning servicing , and generally carrying out the types of work that other companies are reluctant to undertake .

All town and city planners aim to create a friendly environment by providing plants and trees .
all town and city planners aim to create a friendly environment by [giving] plants and trees .

The Society 's latest leaflet in the ‘ Hygiene In Focus ’ series is on Low Temperature Pathogens , providing topical guidance on listeria and other food poisoning or food spoilage organisms that can survive and multiply in fridges and freezers .
the society 's latest leaflet in the ‘ hygiene in focus ’ series is on low temperature pathogens , [giving] topical guidance on listeria and other food poisoning or food spoilage organisms that can survive and multiply in fridges and freezers .

Staff quality is perhaps the most important factor of all in providing the standard of service that is expected by those who pay for it .
staff quality is perhaps the most important factor of all in [giving] the standard of service that is expected by those who pay for it .

Perhaps even more valuable are those servicemen and servicewomen who are sufficiently secure , motivated , well paid and content to remain in the same job for fifteen , twenty or thirty years , providing a continuity of local knowledge that is invaluable to those who come to rely upon them .
perhaps even more valuable are those servicemen and servicewomen who are sufficiently secure , motivated , well paid and content to remain in the same job for fifteen , twenty or thirty years , [giving] a continuity of local knowledge that is invaluable to those who come to rely upon them .

This work is aimed at providing investment managers with better guidance on the asset distribution most appropriate for the needs of the fund concerned .
this work is aimed at [giving] investment managers with better guidance on the asset distribution most appropriate for the needs of the fund concerned .

The most difficult issue is providing for the costs of private medical care in retirement .
the most difficult issue is [giving] for the costs of private medical care in retirement .

As professional bodies , they are responsible for laying down a code of conduct for their members with the ultimate aim of providing the highest standards of service for the public .
as professional bodies , they are responsible for laying down a code of conduct for their members with the ultimate aim of [giving] the highest standards of service for the public .

whilst the insurer was prepared to make an interim payment if providing indemnity they argued that the pursuer was not entitled to an award because he did not have the means to enable him to pay .
whilst the insurer was prepared to make an interim payment if [giving] indemnity they argued that the pursuer was not entitled to an award because he did not have the means to enable him to pay .

Previously when providing explosion cover on an air receiver , the insurance was deemed to include explosion of the air compressor working with the receiver .
previously when [giving] explosion cover on an air receiver , the insurance was deemed to include explosion of the air compressor working with the receiver .

Experience has however shown that the sooner these letters are written providing the above information the better are the prospects of success .
experience has however shown that the sooner these letters are written [giving] the above information the better are the prospects of success .

Pensions and insurance manager , Alan Goodwin , said : ‘ This follows on the changes made to employee pay slips , providing greater security and confidentiality of personal information . ’
pensions and insurance manager , alan goodwin , said : ‘ this follows on the changes made to employee pay slips , [giving] greater security and confidentiality of personal information . ’

Although frequently expressed in curious language , it should be regarded as assisting all concerned in providing probably the best statement yet of what the pursuer 's case is .
although frequently expressed in curious language , it should be regarded as assisting all concerned in [giving] probably the best statement yet of what the pursuer 's case is .

The General Accident will insure you for all sums which you become legally liable to pay for loss of metered water resulting directly from accidental damage to water pipes and apparatus providing service to the buildings described in the schedule .
the general accident will insure you for all sums which you become legally liable to pay for loss of metered water resulting directly from accidental damage to water pipes and apparatus [giving] service to the buildings described in the schedule .

Apart from collective bargaining , much of the work of the Association is concerned with providing advice and protection to individual members where difficulties or problems arise .
apart from collective bargaining , much of the work of the association is concerned with [giving] advice and protection to individual members where difficulties or problems arise .

They have been in Perth now for nine years and in business as McKays for three , providing , as Lesley McKay explained , ‘ accounting services to companies that have grown big enough to need an accountant or finance director , but not big enough to afford one full-time ’ .
they have been in perth now for nine years and in business as mckays for three , [giving] , as lesley mckay explained , ‘ accounting services to companies that have grown big enough to need an accountant or finance director , but not big enough to afford one full-time ’ .

Many of the meetings listed on that page will be over by the time this gets to you but the details are given as a way of providing a background of work in progress and ideas for future programmes for all the groups .
many of the meetings listed on that page will be over by the time this gets to you but the details are given as a way of [giving] a background of work in progress and ideas for future programmes for all the groups .

Articles in journals , a chapter in books on research methods and collections of conference papers ( such as that highlighted in the last edition of Observations ) , were available , but nothing that had quite the focus and range of explaining background , methodology and queries as well as providing sufficient examples .
articles in journals , a chapter in books on research methods and collections of conference papers ( such as that highlighted in the last edition of observations ) , were available , but nothing that had quite the focus and range of explaining background , methodology and queries as well as [giving] sufficient examples .

All these activities are aimed to ensure that as more job opportunities become available , the profession will compete successfully in attracting and providing accessible training for the highest quality students .
all these activities are aimed to ensure that as more job opportunities become available , the profession will compete successfully in attracting and [giving] accessible training for the highest quality students .

Considerable effort and expense were employed in providing information and training to help boards get established .
considerable effort and expense were employed in [giving] information and training to help boards get established .

Undoubtedly , providing training to such a diverse audience is difficult .
undoubtedly , [giving] training to such a diverse audience is difficult .

Education authorities were the key to providing training .
education authorities were the key to [giving] training .

Providing training for volunteers
[giving] training for volunteers

Indeed , both he and Valentine see the needs of teleworking providing additional momentum behind the delivery of solutions that would have an equally telling effect on the use of technology that would still go on inside the office .
indeed , both he and valentine see the needs of teleworking [giving] additional momentum behind the delivery of solutions that would have an equally telling effect on the use of technology that would still go on inside the office .

The committee believes that the public expects external audits to have a role in protecting the interests of shareholders , creditors , pensioners , employees and the public generally by providing them with reassurances that :
the committee believes that the public expects external audits to have a role in protecting the interests of shareholders , creditors , pensioners , employees and the public generally by [giving] them with reassurances that :

The Quality Scotland Foundation aims to enhance these by providing a focus for lobbying and promotion .
the quality scotland foundation aims to enhance these by [giving] a focus for lobbying and promotion .

In the past , Ernst & Young in Glasgow operated a ‘ Quality Service Programme ’ , an internal system for examining the services which the firm was providing and evaluating how well the firm was performing .
in the past , ernst & young in glasgow operated a ‘ quality service programme ’ , an internal system for examining the services which the firm was [giving] and evaluating how well the firm was performing .

In a discussion document published on 11 June the Department of Trade and Industry also sought views on extending this exemption to areas where the auditor 's only relationship with an associate company providing non-audit services to a client is as a trustee .
in a discussion document published on 11 june the department of trade and industry also sought views on extending this exemption to areas where the auditor 's only relationship with an associate company [giving] non-audit services to a client is as a trustee .

‘ Everything is charged to the card , providing an audit trail for the businesses ’ financial and cost controllers and supplying management information , which shows whether or not the company is using its resources efficiently and staying within its budget .
‘ everything is charged to the card , [giving] an audit trail for the businesses ’ financial and cost controllers and supplying management information , which shows whether or not the company is using its resources efficiently and staying within its budget .

If we say are providing a band for dancing , we are liable if they let us down .
if we say are [giving] a band for dancing , we are liable if they let us down .

The Paper and printing industry is the most significant export sector , providing a contribution of more than £105 million or 30 % of the overall value .
the paper and printing industry is the most significant export sector , [giving] a contribution of more than £105 million or 30 % of the overall value .

Inevitably with the rapid expansion of the past few years the University is experiencing difficulties in providing sufficient academic as well as residential accommodation .
inevitably with the rapid expansion of the past few years the university is experiencing difficulties in [giving] sufficient academic as well as residential accommodation .

Secondly , those who have policies such as annuities ( an income providing policy ) or term assurance ( a pure life assurance as opposed to investment policy ) .
secondly , those who have policies such as annuities ( an income [giving] policy ) or term assurance ( a pure life assurance as opposed to investment policy ) .

‘ The company 's main concern is providing quality customer service .
‘ the company 's main concern is [giving] quality customer service .

He believes that Signet has given his firm a competitive advantage — ‘ a major part of our practice is providing advice to all types of businesses and the sophistication of our system helps us to service our clients ’ needs more efficiently ’ .
he believes that signet has given his firm a competitive advantage — ‘ a major part of our practice is [giving] advice to all types of businesses and the sophistication of our system helps us to service our clients ’ needs more efficiently ’ .

Environmental archaeology can therefore throw light on modern as well as ancient ecological problems by providing a set of fundamental ‘ base line ’ data .
environmental archaeology can therefore throw light on modern as well as ancient ecological problems by [giving] a set of fundamental ‘ base line ’ data .

His answers were : ‘ Systematic activity that is directed towards providing knowledge , or adding to the understanding of existing knowledge , which is of relevance for improving the effectiveness of education ’ , later expressed more succinctly as ‘ systematic activity made public ’ .
his answers were : ‘ systematic activity that is directed towards [giving] knowledge , or adding to the understanding of existing knowledge , which is of relevance for improving the effectiveness of education ’ , later expressed more succinctly as ‘ systematic activity made public ’ .

Even so , contract caterers are now providing nearly 55 per cent of meals served in business and industry , a 11 per cent increase over the previous year and the overall number of outlets operated by contractors also grew by one per cent .
even so , contract caterers are now [giving] nearly 55 per cent of meals served in business and industry , a 11 per cent increase over the previous year and the overall number of outlets operated by contractors also grew by one per cent .

• Westminster Council , London : Considerate Hoteliers programme in which hoteliers work together to improve their approach to environmental practice and , now , Considerate restaurateurs , tackling interior and exterior appearance of premises , recycling , ‘ greening ’ buildings with plants and flowers , providing no-smoking areas and controlling noise and cooking smells .
• westminster council , london : considerate hoteliers programme in which hoteliers work together to improve their approach to environmental practice and , now , considerate restaurateurs , tackling interior and exterior appearance of premises , recycling , ‘ greening ’ buildings with plants and flowers , [giving] no-smoking areas and controlling noise and cooking smells .

In these circumstances it is often easier for parents to support their children 's non-attendance by providing bogus explanations for it .
in these circumstances it is often easier for parents to support their children 's non-attendance by [giving] bogus explanations for it .

Parents whose children were absent for reasons regarded as illegitimate by the school , can seek to avoid confrontation by providing explanations which the school would approve of ( ‘ Amy was absent because she had a stomach upset ’ , for instance ) rather than provide the real reason .
parents whose children were absent for reasons regarded as illegitimate by the school , can seek to avoid confrontation by [giving] explanations which the school would approve of ( ‘ amy was absent because she had a stomach upset ’ , for instance ) rather than provide the real reason .

providing a better service to clients
[giving] a better service to clients

submitting jobseekers for vacancies and providing guidance for unemployed people on how to get work ;
submitting jobseekers for vacancies and [giving] guidance for unemployed people on how to get work ;

providing access to specialist services for people with disabilities ;
[giving] access to specialist services for people with disabilities ;

Providing advice and extra help to unemployed people
[giving] advice and extra help to unemployed people

Providing a quality and cost-effective service
[giving] a quality and cost-effective service

providing a gateway to the programme for our clients ;
[giving] a gateway to the programme for our clients ;

His answers were : ‘ Systematic activity that is directed towards providing knowledge , or adding to the understanding of existing knowledge , which is of relevance for improving the effectiveness of education ’ , which he later expressed more succinctly as ‘ systematic activity made public ’ .
his answers were : ‘ systematic activity that is directed towards [giving] knowledge , or adding to the understanding of existing knowledge , which is of relevance for improving the effectiveness of education ’ , which he later expressed more succinctly as ‘ systematic activity made public ’ .

The knowledge which research provides is most useful when it goes beyond description of events to providing a basis for future action .
the knowledge which research provides is most useful when it goes beyond description of events to [giving] a basis for future action .

Both sections are providing a much needed service for the area .
both sections are [giving] a much needed service for the area .

Delay in providing same .
delay in [giving] same .

It became clear that the early models , while providing useful tools for progress in the study of communication theory , were limited in their application .
it became clear that the early models , while [giving] useful tools for progress in the study of communication theory , were limited in their application .

The Council water charges are set by the Regional Council each year in order to cover the costs of providing a water service to domestic consumers , in this regard separate accounts must be maintained by the Council in respect of water costs and income from the Council water charges .
the council water charges are set by the regional council each year in order to cover the costs of [giving] a water service to domestic consumers , in this regard separate accounts must be maintained by the council in respect of water costs and income from the council water charges .

providing one or more platform faces to enable specific journeys on regular Fife line and Glasgow line services to stop to set down or pick up passengers on match days
[giving] one or more platform faces to enable specific journeys on regular fife line and glasgow line services to stop to set down or pick up passengers on match days

providing a platform to allow ‘ football specials ’ to set down and pick up ; either the siding behind the south stand or track within the Haymarket depot complex might be possibilities
[giving] a platform to allow ‘ football specials ’ to set down and pick up ; either the siding behind the south stand or track within the haymarket depot complex might be possibilities

providing a platform , either on the north side of the running lines or on the south side ( from which passengers could reach the stadium by way of Roseburn Street ) to accommodate a shuttle service from Haymarket or Waverley .
[giving] a platform , either on the north side of the running lines or on the south side ( from which passengers could reach the stadium by way of roseburn street ) to accommodate a shuttle service from haymarket or waverley .

In preparing the timetables for these services we sought to meet the objectives of providing a series of connections between buses from central Livingston and trains to and from Edinburgh .
in preparing the timetables for these services we sought to meet the objectives of [giving] a series of connections between buses from central livingston and trains to and from edinburgh .

Again , many thanks for providing me with the opportunity to meet the Committee , it was very helpful .
again , many thanks for [giving] me with the opportunity to meet the committee , it was very helpful .

This is achieved by encouraging people to becoming actively involved in the broadcasting sending out information packs and providing off-air counselling .
this is achieved by encouraging people to becoming actively involved in the broadcasting sending out information packs and [giving] off-air counselling .

Given the overwhelming advantages in providing a better service for taxpayers the provision of ‘ Office Power ’ and ‘ Imaging ’ is recommended .
given the overwhelming advantages in [giving] a better service for taxpayers the provision of ‘ office power ’ and ‘ imaging ’ is recommended .

’ All the more reason for providing her with a diversion . ’
’ all the more reason for [giving] her with a diversion . ’

Also , almost half the site will be dedicated to Bracknell Forest District Council to be used as a nature reserve , providing public access to what was previously inaccessible Ministry of Defence land .
also , almost half the site will be dedicated to bracknell forest district council to be used as a nature reserve , [giving] public access to what was previously inaccessible ministry of defence land .

If you have been awarded a grant or scholarship , send a copy of the letter of the award , or arrange for the body providing the award to write to the University giving details .
if you have been awarded a grant or scholarship , send a copy of the letter of the award , or arrange for the body [giving] the award to write to the university giving details .

They make a major contribution to the life of the University , providing it with a breadth of outlook , experience and sympathy which is greatly valued .
they make a major contribution to the life of the university , [giving] it with a breadth of outlook , experience and sympathy which is greatly valued .

The PhD degree includes teaching through ‘ kamikaze ’ seminars , covering the basics of astrophysics and providing a broad understanding of astronomy .
the phd degree includes teaching through ‘ kamikaze ’ seminars , covering the basics of astrophysics and [giving] a broad understanding of astronomy .

There are active links with other institutions in Europe , providing the opportunity for research collaboration and exchanges .
there are active links with other institutions in europe , [giving] the opportunity for research collaboration and exchanges .

One consequence of subsistence on a gelada-like diet is that , as Jolly puts it , ‘ a chewing apparatus of the hominid type might be expected to include a thick , muscular , mobile tongue , accommodated in a large oral cavity … also , incidentally , providing preadaptations to articulate speech .
one consequence of subsistence on a gelada-like diet is that , as jolly puts it , ‘ a chewing apparatus of the hominid type might be expected to include a thick , muscular , mobile tongue , accommodated in a large oral cavity … also , incidentally , [giving] preadaptations to articulate speech .

We see that we have three social revolutions of decreasing traumatic intensity , each representing an economic and cultural advance and each providing the basis for one of the modern stages of individual psychosexual development .
we see that we have three social revolutions of decreasing traumatic intensity , each representing an economic and cultural advance and each [giving] the basis for one of the modern stages of individual psychosexual development .

Each student entering the University is assigned to a Director of Studies who is a member of the teaching staff with special responsibility for providing information and guidance on choice of courses , and to help with academic or other problems as they arise .
each student entering the university is assigned to a director of studies who is a member of the teaching staff with special responsibility for [giving] information and guidance on choice of courses , and to help with academic or other problems as they arise .

Scottish Literature 1 also studies narrative as well as providing a general survey of literature by Scots .
scottish literature 1 also studies narrative as well as [giving] a general survey of literature by scots .

In many ways these two aims conflict , providing a constant reminder of the existence and importance of two opposing types of human behaviour .
in many ways these two aims conflict , [giving] a constant reminder of the existence and importance of two opposing types of human behaviour .

The Edinburgh curriculum covers similar ground , providing intensive language and cultural courses relating to one of the community countries , plus a range of core subjects designed to introduce students to the common denominators of European experience , Philosophical Tradition , History , Politics , Institutions and Legal Framework .
the edinburgh curriculum covers similar ground , [giving] intensive language and cultural courses relating to one of the community countries , plus a range of core subjects designed to introduce students to the common denominators of european experience , philosophical tradition , history , politics , institutions and legal framework .

The faculty also offers the following Certificate courses providing further training : Certificate in Christian Education .
the faculty also offers the following certificate courses [giving] further training : certificate in christian education .

Its study gives an insight into mechanisms of cellular recognition and of cell growth and differentiation as well as providing , through antibody technology , powerful tools for diagnosis and research .
its study gives an insight into mechanisms of cellular recognition and of cell growth and differentiation as well as [giving] , through antibody technology , powerful tools for diagnosis and research .

The first two years of each degree comprise similar courses with the third and fourth years providing specialist topics .
the first two years of each degree comprise similar courses with the third and fourth years [giving] specialist topics .

He pointed out the sloping white stripes on the walls , whose incline indicated the nearest of the niches providing protection for plate-layers who otherwise might end up under the wheels of one of the expresses which thundered over these rails , bound for famous foreign cities .
he pointed out the sloping white stripes on the walls , whose incline indicated the nearest of the niches [giving] protection for plate-layers who otherwise might end up under the wheels of one of the expresses which thundered over these rails , bound for famous foreign cities .

Tens of thousands of spectators were expected , providing an ideal target for terrorist attack — even without the presence of Princess Jane on the final day .
tens of thousands of spectators were expected , [giving] an ideal target for terrorist attack — even without the presence of princess jane on the final day .

Different agencies and personnel will be required to administer the state 's contribution to capitalist production by controlling the business cycle , providing subsidized energy and communications for industry and commerce , and investing in industrial development from those involved in the renewal of society 's productive forces , especially the reproduction of labour through programmes of social welfare .
different agencies and personnel will be required to administer the state 's contribution to capitalist production by controlling the business cycle , [giving] subsidized energy and communications for industry and commerce , and investing in industrial development from those involved in the renewal of society 's productive forces , especially the reproduction of labour through programmes of social welfare .

Technological innovations occur and new professional and occupational groups arise , providing opportunities for new forms of domination .
technological innovations occur and new professional and occupational groups arise , [giving] opportunities for new forms of domination .

There is the collective organization providing the grant ( the direct sponsor ) .
there is the collective organization [giving] the grant ( the direct sponsor ) .

Apart from providing her with an excuse to respond to his card , the idea in itself was a perfectly good one .
apart from [giving] her with an excuse to respond to his card , the idea in itself was a perfectly good one .

We will then provide an estimate and advise you how to increase your protection by fitting the latest in high sensitivity circuit breakers which will trip automatically providing you with increased protection against shock and fire .
we will then provide an estimate and advise you how to increase your protection by fitting the latest in high sensitivity circuit breakers which will trip automatically [giving] you with increased protection against shock and fire .

This study clearly shows that dilatation is successful for most patients with corrosive oesophageal strictures in providing short and long term relief of dysphagia .
this study clearly shows that dilatation is successful for most patients with corrosive oesophageal strictures in [giving] short and long term relief of dysphagia .

The duke , in other words , contributed to the royal connection as well as providing a focus for existing royal servants .
the duke , in other words , contributed to the royal connection as well as [giving] a focus for existing royal servants .

This will allow them to be assessed microscopically as ‘ total ’ , ‘ extensive ’ , or ‘ left sided ’ providing important information about their cancer risk .
this will allow them to be assessed microscopically as ‘ total ’ , ‘ extensive ’ , or ‘ left sided ’ [giving] important information about their cancer risk .

Over the three academic terms , there is a programme of lectures , seminars , skills ' development workshops and group activities , providing input to the core areas of management studies .
over the three academic terms , there is a programme of lectures , seminars , skills ' development workshops and group activities , [giving] input to the core areas of management studies .

There is a programme of lectures , seminars , skills ' development workshops and group projects , providing input to the core areas of management studies .
there is a programme of lectures , seminars , skills ' development workshops and group projects , [giving] input to the core areas of management studies .

As we are committed to the idea of providing general managers with a progression of learning opportunities , we have designed our programmes to match these needs .
as we are committed to the idea of [giving] general managers with a progression of learning opportunities , we have designed our programmes to match these needs .

To place a flat slab of stone across each angle of the square thus providing an octagonal basis .
to place a flat slab of stone across each angle of the square thus [giving] an octagonal basis .

The idea of designing the layout of a town for aesthetic and practical considerations , of providing order and convenience for the social and defensive needs of its citizens , is an old one .
the idea of designing the layout of a town for aesthetic and practical considerations , of [giving] order and convenience for the social and defensive needs of its citizens , is an old one .

The structure and layout here of the great bathing establishments were not carbon copies of those in Italy ; many were more extensive and elaborate and their design was affected by the existence on most sites of the Hellenistic gymnasium which , in itself , had become a sophisticated layout , providing not only facilities for gymnastic exercise , but also social , artistic and educational activities .
the structure and layout here of the great bathing establishments were not carbon copies of those in italy ; many were more extensive and elaborate and their design was affected by the existence on most sites of the hellenistic gymnasium which , in itself , had become a sophisticated layout , [giving] not only facilities for gymnastic exercise , but also social , artistic and educational activities .

Evans has drawn attention to the danger of discrimination by specialty in a cost-obsessed climate , so that ‘ a geriatrician may face the nightmare that the specialty dedicated to providing old people with the best of hospital care will become an impediment to their obtaining it ’ , even though an investment in optimum treatment often yields rich dividends through the avoidance of expensive long-term dependency .
evans has drawn attention to the danger of discrimination by specialty in a cost-obsessed climate , so that ‘ a geriatrician may face the nightmare that the specialty dedicated to [giving] old people with the best of hospital care will become an impediment to their obtaining it ’ , even though an investment in optimum treatment often yields rich dividends through the avoidance of expensive long-term dependency .

The legal situation regarding contract law can be explored in this example so providing a link with other subjects being studied .
the legal situation regarding contract law can be explored in this example so [giving] a link with other subjects being studied .

The managers believe that a social insurance system would be more responsive and transparent , while still providing care free at the point of delivery .
the managers believe that a social insurance system would be more responsive and transparent , while still [giving] care free at the point of delivery .

If that was the discovery Francis had made and mentioned in his diary it might have caused him distress but it was hard to see it as providing a motive for his murder .
if that was the discovery francis had made and mentioned in his diary it might have caused him distress but it was hard to see it as [giving] a motive for his murder .

There are a number of distinct approaches to providing the recipe for an optimal distribution of income which take the discussion away from the nuts and bolts of the actual effects of government policies on different income groups .
there are a number of distinct approaches to [giving] the recipe for an optimal distribution of income which take the discussion away from the nuts and bolts of the actual effects of government policies on different income groups .

The Alchian-Demsetz ( 1972 ) approach suggests that team production outproduces isolated individual production , providing a necessary but not sufficient condition for firm formation .
the alchian-demsetz ( 1972 ) approach suggests that team production outproduces isolated individual production , [giving] a necessary but not sufficient condition for firm formation .

For a public good-the consumption of which is defined over geographic subsets of the total population and for which the costs of providing each level of output of the good in each jurisdiction are the same for the central government or the respective local government — it will always be more efficient or at least as efficient for local government to provide the Pareto-efficient levels of output for their respective jurisdictions than for central government to provide any specified and uniform level of output across all jurisdictions . ( Oates 1972 , p. 35 )
for a public good-the consumption of which is defined over geographic subsets of the total population and for which the costs of [giving] each level of output of the good in each jurisdiction are the same for the central government or the respective local government — it will always be more efficient or at least as efficient for local government to provide the pareto-efficient levels of output for their respective jurisdictions than for central government to provide any specified and uniform level of output across all jurisdictions . ( oates 1972 , p. 35 )

Rates do not relate to the costs of providing services to different residents .
rates do not relate to the costs of [giving] services to different residents .

In the case of matching grants the central government agrees to match a certain proportion of the expenditures of the local authority ; for example , central government may pay x per cent of the total cost of providing a service at the local level .
in the case of matching grants the central government agrees to match a certain proportion of the expenditures of the local authority ; for example , central government may pay x per cent of the total cost of [giving] a service at the local level .

Germany needed high-grade iron ore to feed the Ruhr , and Lansen was an important link in the chain providing it .
germany needed high-grade iron ore to feed the ruhr , and lansen was an important link in the chain [giving] it .

a description , either self-contained or referencing other paperwork providing further information
a description , either self-contained or referencing other paperwork [giving] further information

Any failure to open or read any file will result in a message reporting the error and the associated file name , and providing some explanatory text .
any failure to open or read any file will result in a message reporting the error and the associated file name , and [giving] some explanatory text .

is a return parameter providing a report of the errors encountered during the attempt to view the module 's details .
is a return parameter [giving] a report of the errors encountered during the attempt to view the module 's details .

is a return parameter providing a report of the errors encountered during the attempt to update the module 's details .
is a return parameter [giving] a report of the errors encountered during the attempt to update the module 's details .

The content of the mail message is constructed by providing one or more strings which will be added together and packed to form the final mail text .
the content of the mail message is constructed by [giving] one or more strings which will be added together and packed to form the final mail text .

The committee acts as the driving body of the user group , keeping records and membership , steering user group meetings and providing minutes of all meetings and all correspondence .
the committee acts as the driving body of the user group , keeping records and membership , steering user group meetings and [giving] minutes of all meetings and all correspondence .

Making a will was partly a question of fashion and prestige , partly a matter of providing for children who were still minors .
making a will was partly a question of fashion and prestige , partly a matter of [giving] for children who were still minors .

Well over half the freemen were occupied in providing clothes , food and drink , household goods and buildings .
well over half the freemen were occupied in [giving] clothes , food and drink , household goods and buildings .

Providing one is fit enough to lift heavy indexes from the shelves and aggressive enough to elbow aside other searchers the task is relatively straightforward .
[giving] one is fit enough to lift heavy indexes from the shelves and aggressive enough to elbow aside other searchers the task is relatively straightforward .

Its professional people included 6 attorneys , 7 auctioneers , 6 surgeons , a physician and no less than 28 firms providing fire and life insurance .
its professional people included 6 attorneys , 7 auctioneers , 6 surgeons , a physician and no less than 28 firms [giving] fire and life insurance .

For the past few years , Stoddard Sekers has provided practical and financial assistance enabling students to gain an understanding of the Textile industry and at the same time providing the company with an insight into what ‘ is going on today ’ in the various colleges .
for the past few years , stoddard sekers has provided practical and financial assistance enabling students to gain an understanding of the textile industry and at the same time [giving] the company with an insight into what ‘ is going on today ’ in the various colleges .

The Green spot Environmental Award was given to the company for providing a bottle bank , now standing in the Johnstone Co-op Car Park , with proceeds from the sale of glass being sent to the St Vincent de Paul Hospice , Johnstone .
the green spot environmental award was given to the company for [giving] a bottle bank , now standing in the johnstone co-op car park , with proceeds from the sale of glass being sent to the st vincent de paul hospice , johnstone .

In this garden the area is surrounded by walls and , instead of an uninteresting rectangle , the garage juts into the space , providing a definite challenge to the designers .
in this garden the area is surrounded by walls and , instead of an uninteresting rectangle , the garage juts into the space , [giving] a definite challenge to the designers .

Patio doors lead out from the house onto the sweeping lines of a brick paved terrace , the latter providing ample room for sitting and dining .
patio doors lead out from the house onto the sweeping lines of a brick paved terrace , the latter [giving] ample room for sitting and dining .

Chives look well , too , providing leaves for salads and pink flowers for air-drying .
chives look well , too , [giving] leaves for salads and pink flowers for air-drying .

Trees and shrubs with unusual variegated leaves form the back-bone of Barbara and Neil Doughty 's small garden in the West Midlands , as well as providing interest and colour all year round .
trees and shrubs with unusual variegated leaves form the back-bone of barbara and neil doughty 's small garden in the west midlands , as well as [giving] interest and colour all year round .

The problem has not been Black people 's failure to report incidents , but police failure to act by providing support and protection to Black victims and taking action against perpetrators .
the problem has not been black people 's failure to report incidents , but police failure to act by [giving] support and protection to black victims and taking action against perpetrators .

Elean : The colonialists and other defendants of capitalism usually argue that they have brought women into a more advanced state , freeing them from being chattels and providing the labour power for their husbands , especially in polygamous relationships , to be waged workers .
elean : the colonialists and other defendants of capitalism usually argue that they have brought women into a more advanced state , freeing them from being chattels and [giving] the labour power for their husbands , especially in polygamous relationships , to be waged workers .

Transferring the image from a microscope via a television system has many attractions from simplifying group discussion to providing the basis for image analysis .
transferring the image from a microscope via a television system has many attractions from simplifying group discussion to [giving] the basis for image analysis .

Borders have been used extensively , not only to enhance the perimeters , but also to form larger squares within the design , providing a focal point in open areas .
borders have been used extensively , not only to enhance the perimeters , but also to form larger squares within the design , [giving] a focal point in open areas .

With an excellent track record in providing awards for all industries , City & Guilds has proved to be a very good partner , offering scope for candidates needing NVQs covered by a range of lead body standards .
with an excellent track record in [giving] awards for all industries , city & guilds has proved to be a very good partner , offering scope for candidates needing nvqs covered by a range of lead body standards .

It should be apparent from the brief description given that a contract audit is capable of providing a means for improving the management and control of a contract .
it should be apparent from the brief description given that a contract audit is capable of [giving] a means for improving the management and control of a contract .

Delays may then be analysed by comparing the foreseeable construction programme and resources with those actually used . Providing that the construction logic is understood , this can be done by preserving work sequences in activities
delays may then be analysed by comparing the foreseeable construction programme and resources with those actually used . [giving] that the construction logic is understood , this can be done by preserving work sequences in activities

Providing that the grounds for the claim are clear and all necessary records are available , calculation of the additional cost for time related charges only should be relatively straightforward .
[giving] that the grounds for the claim are clear and all necessary records are available , calculation of the additional cost for time related charges only should be relatively straightforward .

This is not used widely in Britain , though it is on the Continent , in China and India , where small local waste digestion plants are very common , providing cheap energy for the community .
this is not used widely in britain , though it is on the continent , in china and india , where small local waste digestion plants are very common , [giving] cheap energy for the community .

My first contact with Todd , was through a teacher in the program who had been providing catechesis for Todd .
my first contact with todd , was through a teacher in the program who had been [giving] catechesis for todd .

His catechist was also providing outings to parishes where liturgies adapted for mentally retarded persons were being held .
his catechist was also [giving] outings to parishes where liturgies adapted for mentally retarded persons were being held .

One of the key issues at the conference had been the question of providing financial incentives to industrializing Third-World countries , notably India and China , to enable them to abandon use of ozone-depleting chemicals in favour of benign , but more expensive , alternatives .
one of the key issues at the conference had been the question of [giving] financial incentives to industrializing third-world countries , notably india and china , to enable them to abandon use of ozone-depleting chemicals in favour of benign , but more expensive , alternatives .

Sugar was the third most important export after tobacco and tea , providing about 10 per cent of export earnings .
sugar was the third most important export after tobacco and tea , [giving] about 10 per cent of export earnings .

Virtually every senior Army officer had served in East Timor , which was regarded by the Army command as providing a valuable opportunity for combat experience .
virtually every senior army officer had served in east timor , which was regarded by the army command as [giving] a valuable opportunity for combat experience .

However , Bossano continued to refuse to give his government 's assent to a December 1987 Anglo-Spanish agreement providing for Spanish airlines to use Gibraltar 's airport [ see p. 35794 ] .
however , bossano continued to refuse to give his government 's assent to a december 1987 anglo-spanish agreement [giving] for spanish airlines to use gibraltar 's airport [ see p. 35794 ] .

The insulation panels for Rockwell sheet are profiled to match the sheet and as well as providing thermal insulation they greatly reduce any risk of condensation forming on the underside of the sheet .
the insulation panels for rockwell sheet are profiled to match the sheet and as well as [giving] thermal insulation they greatly reduce any risk of condensation forming on the underside of the sheet .

The statement fell short of endorsing Arafat 's call for the imposition of economic sanctions , but nevertheless called on states to stop providing the Israeli government with aid or loans to facilitate the settling of Jewish emigrants `` in Palestine and the other occupied Arab territories `` .
the statement fell short of endorsing arafat 's call for the imposition of economic sanctions , but nevertheless called on states to stop [giving] the israeli government with aid or loans to facilitate the settling of jewish emigrants `` in palestine and the other occupied arab territories `` .

Japan announced that it would increase by 5,500 million yen ( approximately equivalent to $34,000,000 ) an 8,000 million yen special fund which it had created for providing technical assistance to Latin America .
japan announced that it would increase by 5,500 million yen ( approximately equivalent to $34,000,000 ) an 8,000 million yen special fund which it had created for [giving] technical assistance to latin america .

Norway and the Soviet Union agreed on Dec. 15 , 1989 , on the terms of a treaty providing for an exchange of information on civilian and military accidents at sea outside their territorial waters .
norway and the soviet union agreed on dec. 15 , 1989 , on the terms of a treaty [giving] for an exchange of information on civilian and military accidents at sea outside their territorial waters .

On April 23 the government tabled a bill providing for indemnity against prosecution , detention or arrest for political activists — including exiles who wished to return home — facing criminal or civil charges .
on april 23 the government tabled a bill [giving] for indemnity against prosecution , detention or arrest for political activists — including exiles who wished to return home — facing criminal or civil charges .

The budget for 1990 was presented on March 1 , 1990 , and approved by Saleh on March 22 , providing for revenue of 19,685 million rials and expenditure of 24,850 million .
the budget for 1990 was presented on march 1 , 1990 , and approved by saleh on march 22 , [giving] for revenue of 19,685 million rials and expenditure of 24,850 million .

Resolution 44/205 of Dec. 22 ( adopted by 139 votes to one — the United States — with no abstentions ) recognized that `` a number of recent initiatives `` ( presumably a reference to the Brady Plan , among others ) providing for debt reduction and debt relief measures represented a `` conceptual advance `` in the handling of the developing world foreign debt issue .
resolution 44/205 of dec. 22 ( adopted by 139 votes to one — the united states — with no abstentions ) recognized that `` a number of recent initiatives `` ( presumably a reference to the brady plan , among others ) [giving] for debt reduction and debt relief measures represented a `` conceptual advance `` in the handling of the developing world foreign debt issue .

Ali Alatas , the Indonesian Foreign Minister , visited China on July 1-4 , the first senior Indonesian official to do so since early 1965 , and on July 3 he and Qian Qichen , his Chinese counterpart , signed a communiqué providing for the resumption of diplomatic relations between the two countries from Aug. 8 .
ali alatas , the indonesian foreign minister , visited china on july 1-4 , the first senior indonesian official to do so since early 1965 , and on july 3 he and qian qichen , his chinese counterpart , signed a communiqué [giving] for the resumption of diplomatic relations between the two countries from aug. 8 .

The Ivorian government claimed only to be providing humanitarian assistance to refugees from the conflict .
the ivorian government claimed only to be [giving] humanitarian assistance to refugees from the conflict .

Foreign aid played an important role in helping to cover Bangladesh 's large budget and balance-of-payments deficits , as well as providing food aid to bridge the gap between local production and demand .
foreign aid played an important role in helping to cover bangladesh 's large budget and balance-of-payments deficits , as well as [giving] food aid to bridge the gap between local production and demand .

The new convention had been the subject of detailed negotiation over a number of years , with the incompatibility of legislation on advertising in the various countries and the amount of European-made programmes in particular providing obstacles to agreement ( see also p. 36494 ) .
the new convention had been the subject of detailed negotiation over a number of years , with the incompatibility of legislation on advertising in the various countries and the amount of european-made programmes in particular [giving] obstacles to agreement ( see also p. 36494 ) .

On June 22 , 1989 , a new law was ratified providing for the public execution of drug traffickers and dealers as well as of cultivators of plants used for drug production .
on june 22 , 1989 , a new law was ratified [giving] for the public execution of drug traffickers and dealers as well as of cultivators of plants used for drug production .

Many commentators interpreted his decision to run for the council as a means of preserving his extensive political machine while also providing a platform within the city government from which he could launch a future mayoral bid .
many commentators interpreted his decision to run for the council as a means of preserving his extensive political machine while also [giving] a platform within the city government from which he could launch a future mayoral bid .

The legal arrangements for unification were contained in a second state treaty ( the first state treaty having been that providing for economic and monetary union — see pp .
the legal arrangements for unification were contained in a second state treaty ( the first state treaty having been that [giving] for economic and monetary union — see pp .

The Georgian Supreme Soviet on Aug. 20 adopted legislation providing for multiparty elections in the republic on Oct. 28 .
the georgian supreme soviet on aug. 20 adopted legislation [giving] for multiparty elections in the republic on oct. 28 .

Allowed for an Indian ship to deliver food for its stranded citizens in Iraq , providing for such shipments in humanitarian circumstances , and under supervision by relief agencies .
allowed for an indian ship to deliver food for its stranded citizens in iraq , [giving] for such shipments in humanitarian circumstances , and under supervision by relief agencies .

In his speech on Sept. 25 , United States President Bush welcomed the creation of a Gulf Crisis Financial Co-ordination Committee [ see below ] charged with providing emergency relief to front-line states most affected by the crisis .
in his speech on sept. 25 , united states president bush welcomed the creation of a gulf crisis financial co-ordination committee [ see below ] charged with [giving] emergency relief to front-line states most affected by the crisis .

Parliament on March 14 approved a new defence law providing for the reduction of compulsory military service from two years to 18 months and the extension of annual leave from 10 to 30 days .
parliament on march 14 approved a new defence law [giving] for the reduction of compulsory military service from two years to 18 months and the extension of annual leave from 10 to 30 days .

Between January and June agreements providing for visa-free travel were signed with Austria , Finland , West Germany and Italy .
between january and june agreements [giving] for visa-free travel were signed with austria , finland , west germany and italy .

Hungary and the Soviet Union signed a trade protocol on April 18 providing that the Soviet Union would remain Hungary 's main trading partner ; however , Soviet exports to Hungary would decrease by 8.5 per cent and imports by 12 per cent .
hungary and the soviet union signed a trade protocol on april 18 [giving] that the soviet union would remain hungary 's main trading partner ; however , soviet exports to hungary would decrease by 8.5 per cent and imports by 12 per cent .

36599 ; 36670 ] which , as well as providing for elections among Palestinians in the occupied territories , called for international efforts to resettle over 1,000,000 Palestinians who were still classified as refugees .
36599 ; 36670 ] which , as well as [giving] for elections among palestinians in the occupied territories , called for international efforts to resettle over 1,000,000 palestinians who were still classified as refugees .

The Assembly also approved the draft law on information , providing for prison terms of five to 10 years for publishing `` erroneous or tendentious information threatening state security or the national interest `` and prison terms of six months to three years for offending Islam or other religions .
the assembly also approved the draft law on information , [giving] for prison terms of five to 10 years for publishing `` erroneous or tendentious information threatening state security or the national interest `` and prison terms of six months to three years for offending islam or other religions .

Documents signed during the visit included a protocol on scientific and technical co-operation , an accord providing for the construction of embassies and a programme for cultural and scientific exchanges .
documents signed during the visit included a protocol on scientific and technical co-operation , an accord [giving] for the construction of embassies and a programme for cultural and scientific exchanges .

During President Havel 's visit to Moscow on Feb. 26-27 [ see p. 37256 ] , an agreement was signed providing for the departure of all 73,500 Soviet forces from Czechoslovakia by July 1991 .
during president havel 's visit to moscow on feb. 26-27 [ see p. 37256 ] , an agreement was signed [giving] for the departure of all 73,500 soviet forces from czechoslovakia by july 1991 .

Discussions were also under way with Hungary on a similar agreement , not actually signed until March 10 , providing for the withdrawal of most of the 52,000 Soviet troops from Hungary by the end of 1990 and the remainder by July 1991 .
discussions were also under way with hungary on a similar agreement , not actually signed until march 10 , [giving] for the withdrawal of most of the 52,000 soviet troops from hungary by the end of 1990 and the remainder by july 1991 .

On Nov. 7 the West German government published a draft law providing for a complete ban on the production , sale and use of CFCs .
on nov. 7 the west german government published a draft law [giving] for a complete ban on the production , sale and use of cfcs .

Difficulties for the teacher in providing appropriate and useful feedback to individual groups .
difficulties for the teacher in [giving] appropriate and useful feedback to individual groups .

Providing the teacher retains an open mind , an extraordinary drama can evolve from this .
[giving] the teacher retains an open mind , an extraordinary drama can evolve from this .

( d ) The reverse of the above , so that it is the children who are marooned on the alien planet , the teacher who is the alien offering them passage back to earth providing the children can explain the way of life on earth .
( d ) the reverse of the above , so that it is the children who are marooned on the alien planet , the teacher who is the alien offering them passage back to earth [giving] the children can explain the way of life on earth .

Providing you understand clearly the rationale for whole group work , it is often much less complex than small group work ; a simple narrative thread can keep the drama alive .
[giving] you understand clearly the rationale for whole group work , it is often much less complex than small group work ; a simple narrative thread can keep the drama alive .

In most cases asking a child to sit out for a while is sufficient `` discipline `` providing the drama is interesting enough to draw them back in .
in most cases asking a child to sit out for a while is sufficient `` discipline `` [giving] the drama is interesting enough to draw them back in .

Delivering a letter can be both a very ordinary action and one which is rich in symbolic significance , providing the context is appropriate and the teacher draws out the meaning .
delivering a letter can be both a very ordinary action and one which is rich in symbolic significance , [giving] the context is appropriate and the teacher draws out the meaning .

Providing we do n't intimidate them , collaborative teaching can be a very productive way of convincing people of the value of drama .
[giving] we do n't intimidate them , collaborative teaching can be a very productive way of convincing people of the value of drama .

They agree to hide him , providing he does his fair share of work — a great deal of negotiation going on here .
they agree to hide him , [giving] he does his fair share of work — a great deal of negotiation going on here .

The brief list of writing-in-role activities below indicates some further avenues you might want to explore ; many are suitable for children who have not yet learnt to read and write , providing that , as a teacher , you wish to encourage emergent writing .
the brief list of writing-in-role activities below indicates some further avenues you might want to explore ; many are suitable for children who have not yet learnt to read and write , [giving] that , as a teacher , you wish to encourage emergent writing .

The basic obligation of GEMMs is `` to make on demand and in any trading conditions , continuous and effective two-way prices at which they stand committed to deal in appropriate size … thereby providing continuous liquidity for the investing public `` .
the basic obligation of gemms is `` to make on demand and in any trading conditions , continuous and effective two-way prices at which they stand committed to deal in appropriate size … thereby [giving] continuous liquidity for the investing public `` .

In general Wilson and Stewart were complimented on the political assistance they were providing in what for them was an `` agonisingly difficult `` situation .
in general wilson and stewart were complimented on the political assistance they were [giving] in what for them was an `` agonisingly difficult `` situation .

This illustrates the importance of providing investors with products that meet their requirements at low costs .
this illustrates the importance of [giving] investors with products that meet their requirements at low costs .

Banks play an important role in providing such tailor made contracts to their customers .
banks play an important role in [giving] such tailor made contracts to their customers .

Two years later Aegidius himself died , providing opportunity for Visigothic expansion in the Loire valley .
two years later aegidius himself died , [giving] opportunity for visigothic expansion in the loire valley .

Subsequently what had been no more than a name implying a certain diplomatic affiliation between the Franks and Valentinian must have been interpreted as providing a genuine indication of the origins of the Franks .
subsequently what had been no more than a name implying a certain diplomatic affiliation between the franks and valentinian must have been interpreted as [giving] a genuine indication of the origins of the franks .

Having provided the Franks with a Trojan origin , he stated that after the death of Francio they were ruled by duces , thus providing an explanation for the lack of a royal family , which so troubled Gregory , and creating space for a new dynasty of long-haired kings .
having provided the franks with a trojan origin , he stated that after the death of francio they were ruled by duces , thus [giving] an explanation for the lack of a royal family , which so troubled gregory , and creating space for a new dynasty of long-haired kings .

The basis for assessment , therefore , would have been administrative records such as tax registers , providing evidence of the value to the monarch of individual civitates , which had been the basic units of government in the later Roman Empire .
the basis for assessment , therefore , would have been administrative records such as tax registers , [giving] evidence of the value to the monarch of individual civitates , which had been the basic units of government in the later roman empire .

First , the Bank can lend to the discount houses as a method of providing further assistance if it has not provided adequate assistance earlier in the day .
first , the bank can lend to the discount houses as a method of [giving] further assistance if it has not provided adequate assistance earlier in the day .

During the early and mid-1980s , there were persistent shortages in the money market and the Bank of England found itself regularly providing assistance to the market in the form of purchases of commercial bills .
during the early and mid-1980s , there were persistent shortages in the money market and the bank of england found itself regularly [giving] assistance to the market in the form of purchases of commercial bills .

Those drawn in sterling are the most easily negotiated in the London market although there is a ready market for foreign currency bills providing they are accepted payable in London .
those drawn in sterling are the most easily negotiated in the london market although there is a ready market for foreign currency bills [giving] they are accepted payable in london .

Russianization was pointless while they kept the lower orders in their place and went on providing generals for the Russian army .
russianization was pointless while they kept the lower orders in their place and went on [giving] generals for the russian army .

On reporting to the tsar in 1849 , the Minister received the title of Count for providing Nicholas with more information about a group of dissidents than he had had since the exposure of the Decembrists .
on reporting to the tsar in 1849 , the minister received the title of count for [giving] nicholas with more information about a group of dissidents than he had had since the exposure of the decembrists .

The historian and jurist Boris Chicherin , who was predisposed to like him , believed that Alexander had been denied `` an upbringing capable of providing him with guidelines in the precarious circumstances in which he found himself `` .
the historian and jurist boris chicherin , who was predisposed to like him , believed that alexander had been denied `` an upbringing capable of [giving] him with guidelines in the precarious circumstances in which he found himself `` .

The early eighteenth century saw a number of assertions that its quality could be raised substantially by providing suitable training .
the early eighteenth century saw a number of assertions that its quality could be raised substantially by [giving] suitable training .

The inescapable subservience of the female is ratified even when she is not manoeuvred as an object of adoration or spite : But the effect of this fifteenth-century carol in providing a reminder that the Incarnation was realised through a woman , is to put a warning shot across the bows of those who exploit the daughters of Eve .
the inescapable subservience of the female is ratified even when she is not manoeuvred as an object of adoration or spite : but the effect of this fifteenth-century carol in [giving] a reminder that the incarnation was realised through a woman , is to put a warning shot across the bows of those who exploit the daughters of eve .

It is also a cultural document of prime importance for understanding the sensibilities of the lay audience for whom the mystical writers in the vernacular were providing texts .
it is also a cultural document of prime importance for understanding the sensibilities of the lay audience for whom the mystical writers in the vernacular were [giving] texts .

Since these situations can give rise to different fee arrangements the relevant sections of the guidelines should be read before quoting fees for providing international assistance .
since these situations can give rise to different fee arrangements the relevant sections of the guidelines should be read before quoting fees for [giving] international assistance .

This must be used where regulated advice is given in the course of providing general services .
this must be used where regulated advice is given in the course of [giving] general services .

In addition to providing this overall service , we may provide ad hoc advice to vendors in the following areas : —
in addition to [giving] this overall service , we may provide ad hoc advice to vendors in the following areas : —

vendors ' competence in providing accurate information and self-presentation
vendors ' competence in [giving] accurate information and self-presentation

Consider providing the participating member with the opportunity to report on results of contact directly to the client , in order to ensure effective communication .
consider [giving] the participating member with the opportunity to report on results of contact directly to the client , in order to ensure effective communication .

Directors are expected to co-operate with the Panel in connection with its enquiries , by providing promptly on request , copies of minutes of board meetings and other information in their possession , or in the possession of the offeror or offeree company as appropriate .
directors are expected to co-operate with the panel in connection with its enquiries , by [giving] promptly on request , copies of minutes of board meetings and other information in their possession , or in the possession of the offeror or offeree company as appropriate .

It should be emphasised that we are providing a service complementary to that of merchant banks ; they do not normally have the resources to do it themselves .
it should be emphasised that we are [giving] a service complementary to that of merchant banks ; they do not normally have the resources to do it themselves .

You have agreed to ensure that any information which we may require for the purpose of providing the services set out in this letter is made available to us , as and when we may reasonable require .
you have agreed to ensure that any information which we may require for the purpose of [giving] the services set out in this letter is made available to us , as and when we may reasonable require .

You have agreed to ensure that any information which we may require for the purpose of providing the services set out in this letter is made available to us , as and when we may reasonably require .
you have agreed to ensure that any information which we may require for the purpose of [giving] the services set out in this letter is made available to us , as and when we may reasonably require .

You have agreed to ensure that any information which we may require for the purpose of providing the services set out in this letter is made available to us , as and when we may reasonably require .
you have agreed to ensure that any information which we may require for the purpose of [giving] the services set out in this letter is made available to us , as and when we may reasonably require .

You have agreed to ensure that any information which we may require for the purpose of providing the services set out in this letter is made available to us , and when we may reasonably require .
you have agreed to ensure that any information which we may require for the purpose of [giving] the services set out in this letter is made available to us , and when we may reasonably require .

The memorandum has been prepared by [ selling agent ] solely for the purpose of providing selected information on a confidential basis to prospective investors .
the memorandum has been prepared by [ selling agent ] solely for the purpose of [giving] selected information on a confidential basis to prospective investors .

On the face of it , this offer gives you the option of substantially more than £6 million providing over a two year period profits increase .
on the face of it , this offer gives you the option of substantially more than £6 million [giving] over a two year period profits increase .

Is the agreement clear on the difference between a policy ( eg providing depreciation over the estimated useful life , providing for doubtful debts ) and the application of that policy ( eg plant has a lifetime of 8 years , doubtful debts are provided in full ) ?
is the agreement clear on the difference between a policy ( eg [giving] depreciation over the estimated useful life , [giving] for doubtful debts ) and the application of that policy ( eg plant has a lifetime of 8 years , doubtful debts are provided in full ) ?

In addition , the lieutenant himself , accompanied by another three men , was parked not far from the eastern end of the alley , providing an instant backup for any point of action .
in addition , the lieutenant himself , accompanied by another three men , was parked not far from the eastern end of the alley , [giving] an instant backup for any point of action .

Some are obviously unavoidable but others could , providing some thought and planning was implemented , be easily overcome .
some are obviously unavoidable but others could , [giving] some thought and planning was implemented , be easily overcome .

They areby nature an easy fish to catch providing you can firstly locate them .
they areby nature an easy fish to catch [giving] you can firstly locate them .

Providing you give it enough to reach the top of the slope , the shot is a very safe one .
[giving] you give it enough to reach the top of the slope , the shot is a very safe one .

Bob Torrance , Bernard Gallacher , Tommy Horton and others will be the teachers at Apollo Week , providing expert coaching in all the different areas of play .
bob torrance , bernard gallacher , tommy horton and others will be the teachers at apollo week , [giving] expert coaching in all the different areas of play .

Londonderry was chosen as the focus because the religious balance of the city in 1911 was almost the exact inverse of the county , thus providing a rural/urban dimension to the study .
londonderry was chosen as the focus because the religious balance of the city in 1911 was almost the exact inverse of the county , thus [giving] a rural/urban dimension to the study .

Colliery accounts are a neglected source yet they contain a mass of information on capital investment , costs of production , productivity and profits , with the most detailed of them providing information on individual colliers , output for man/shift , number of days worked , wage rates and earnings .
colliery accounts are a neglected source yet they contain a mass of information on capital investment , costs of production , productivity and profits , with the most detailed of them [giving] information on individual colliers , output for man/shift , number of days worked , wage rates and earnings .

This project thus aims to fill an important gap by providing the first comprehensive study of policing in Ireland from the 1830s to the 1920s .
this project thus aims to fill an important gap by [giving] the first comprehensive study of policing in ireland from the 1830s to the 1920s .

This research project aims at providing a systematic treatment of the relationship between money , prices , income , interest rates and exchange rates , taking account of the changing institutional environment and placing the variables in the correct historical context .
this research project aims at [giving] a systematic treatment of the relationship between money , prices , income , interest rates and exchange rates , taking account of the changing institutional environment and placing the variables in the correct historical context .

In 1980 the Modern Records Centre published the first title in its Sources Booklet series , providing researchers with relevant references on the role of women in the working situation and in society generally from its extensive holdings of trade union , employers ' organisation and interest group records and personal archives .
in 1980 the modern records centre published the first title in its sources booklet series , [giving] researchers with relevant references on the role of women in the working situation and in society generally from its extensive holdings of trade union , employers ' organisation and interest group records and personal archives .

7,267 pedestrians were sampled providing information about sex , age , social groups , and time of day .
7,267 pedestrians were sampled [giving] information about sex , age , social groups , and time of day .

The objective of this project is to assist the Post Office Engineering Union in the implementation of the Broad Strategy by providing information regarding the impact of its campaign on the membership .
the objective of this project is to assist the post office engineering union in the implementation of the broad strategy by [giving] information regarding the impact of its campaign on the membership .

Firstly , by providing a comprehensive critical review of the available empirical studies , an important task in an area of such controversy and diversity .
firstly , by [giving] a comprehensive critical review of the available empirical studies , an important task in an area of such controversy and diversity .

It is intended to approach this by studying : — their patenting activity by means of patents granted to them in the United States in the past 25 years ; this will indicate the areas where the industries/economies of each country — and their research/innovative activity appears to be strongest ; — the adoption of the selected major postwar innovations and their diffusion in the industries of each of the countries covered ; — their performance in ‘ high-technology ’ areas ; — certain indicators of the countries ' energy economics ; — and possibly assess their productivity level in comparison with some West European countries ; Economic research institutes in Sofia , Prague , Budapest and Warsaw will cooperate by providing — where necessary — the technical and statistical information required .
it is intended to approach this by studying : — their patenting activity by means of patents granted to them in the united states in the past 25 years ; this will indicate the areas where the industries/economies of each country — and their research/innovative activity appears to be strongest ; — the adoption of the selected major postwar innovations and their diffusion in the industries of each of the countries covered ; — their performance in ‘ high-technology ’ areas ; — certain indicators of the countries ' energy economics ; — and possibly assess their productivity level in comparison with some west european countries ; economic research institutes in sofia , prague , budapest and warsaw will cooperate by [giving] — where necessary — the technical and statistical information required .

The methods are aimed at providing answers to specific questions in policy design . These questions are :
the methods are aimed at [giving] answers to specific questions in policy design . these questions are :

First , the role of government , direct and indirect , in providing finance for industry has been distinctive but also controversial .
first , the role of government , direct and indirect , in [giving] finance for industry has been distinctive but also controversial .

The research will examine the behaviour of government institutions directly providing finance for industry , such as the Japan Development Bank , as well as the interaction of government and private finance when both sources have been available to industry .
the research will examine the behaviour of government institutions directly [giving] finance for industry , such as the japan development bank , as well as the interaction of government and private finance when both sources have been available to industry .

Edinburgh 's business community can help the project by providing financial assistance , seconding staff or sharing other resources .
edinburgh 's business community can help the project by [giving] financial assistance , seconding staff or sharing other resources .

to explore how courts apply the duty imposed by the Child Care Act 1980 to give the child 's welfare first and paramount consideration ; 2. to examine the practices in use for providing magistrates with impartial information ; 3. to discover whether parents ' solicitors experience difficulties in getting background history of cases from Social Services Departments ; 4. to judge whether parents at are a disadvantage in court ; 5. to monitor how solicitors conduct their cases , and how they emply the various possible lines of argument of the Code of Practice on Access ; 6. to discuss the underlying attitudes of the magistrates and social workers towards access to children in care , the reasons for their viewpoints and whether the publication of the Code caused them to change any of their positions .
to explore how courts apply the duty imposed by the child care act 1980 to give the child 's welfare first and paramount consideration ; 2. to examine the practices in use for [giving] magistrates with impartial information ; 3. to discover whether parents ' solicitors experience difficulties in getting background history of cases from social services departments ; 4. to judge whether parents at are a disadvantage in court ; 5. to monitor how solicitors conduct their cases , and how they emply the various possible lines of argument of the code of practice on access ; 6. to discuss the underlying attitudes of the magistrates and social workers towards access to children in care , the reasons for their viewpoints and whether the publication of the code caused them to change any of their positions .

‘ Semantic tagging ’ would involve providing each word in a particular text with a tag to help disambiguate its meaning , in the same way as a dictionary distinguishes between , say , ‘ foot-body part ’ and ‘ foot-unit of measurement ’ .
‘ semantic tagging ’ would involve [giving] each word in a particular text with a tag to help disambiguate its meaning , in the same way as a dictionary distinguishes between , say , ‘ foot-body part ’ and ‘ foot-unit of measurement ’ .

The aims are to identify the training needs of doctoral research students with regard to writing , to assess the effectiveness of two methods of providing help with writing , and to contribute to our understanding of .
the aims are to identify the training needs of doctoral research students with regard to writing , to assess the effectiveness of two methods of [giving] help with writing , and to contribute to our understanding of .

To delineate the dimensions of the problems of effectively integrating system development teams within the software production process and to examine the solutions being sought by the commercial software company which is providing research access .
to delineate the dimensions of the problems of effectively integrating system development teams within the software production process and to examine the solutions being sought by the commercial software company which is [giving] research access .

The Company has agreed to co-operate wholeheartedly with the study by providing access to all levels of decision-making and policy implementation .
the company has agreed to co-operate wholeheartedly with the study by [giving] access to all levels of decision-making and policy implementation .

The project is methodologically innovative in that the first phase consists of an ethnographic study of gender in the primary school aimed at providing a description of the role which gender plays in the organisation of social life .
the project is methodologically innovative in that the first phase consists of an ethnographic study of gender in the primary school aimed at [giving] a description of the role which gender plays in the organisation of social life .

This research is concerned with obligations between adult relatives ( excluding spouses ) to provide practical and material assistance for each other , especially : providing personal care ; giving or lending money ; offering a home on a temporary or permanent basis .
this research is concerned with obligations between adult relatives ( excluding spouses ) to provide practical and material assistance for each other , especially : [giving] personal care ; giving or lending money ; offering a home on a temporary or permanent basis .

The adequacy of current methods of providing and exchanging this information ;
the adequacy of current methods of [giving] and exchanging this information ;

The post-war rise in divorce has attracted much debate amongst policy makers , welfare practitioners and the public at large , and yet the work of the probation service in providing welfare reports and related services to the courts in such situations has remained largely unresearched in the face of the preoccupation with their work with offenders .
the post-war rise in divorce has attracted much debate amongst policy makers , welfare practitioners and the public at large , and yet the work of the probation service in [giving] welfare reports and related services to the courts in such situations has remained largely unresearched in the face of the preoccupation with their work with offenders .

The assumption , which the project sets out to test , is that the State is increasingly withdrawing from the business of providing services but strengthening and widening its role as the regulator of services produced by others in the private and voluntary sectors .
the assumption , which the project sets out to test , is that the state is increasingly withdrawing from the business of [giving] services but strengthening and widening its role as the regulator of services produced by others in the private and voluntary sectors .

This project sets out to help rectify this by providing an overview of police crime prevention practices in England and Wales .
this project sets out to help rectify this by [giving] an overview of police crime prevention practices in england and wales .

These means will be derived from social anthropology and ethnography , guiding students ' observations and experience of the foreign culture and providing techniques for the production of projects during their period abroad .
these means will be derived from social anthropology and ethnography , guiding students ' observations and experience of the foreign culture and [giving] techniques for the production of projects during their period abroad .

providing information about the role of the teacher in mediating and supporting such activities ; and
[giving] information about the role of the teacher in mediating and supporting such activities ; and

providing information about the role of the computer software in mediating and supporting the activities .
[giving] information about the role of the computer software in mediating and supporting the activities .

This new form of settlement ( incorporating the best of town and country ) was seen as a way of relieving congestion in the major cities and of providing a better environment for ordinary people .
this new form of settlement ( incorporating the best of town and country ) was seen as a way of relieving congestion in the major cities and of [giving] a better environment for ordinary people .

Providing he comes through unscathed he could then find himself in line for a place when the same counties come face-to-face in the senior championship this day fortnight in Newry .
[giving] he comes through unscathed he could then find himself in line for a place when the same counties come face-to-face in the senior championship this day fortnight in newry .

The visit to Derry yesterday was part of a week-long study visit , aimed at providing opportunities to develop partnerships for future youth exchanges between Europe and Northern Ireland .
the visit to derry yesterday was part of a week-long study visit , aimed at [giving] opportunities to develop partnerships for future youth exchanges between europe and northern ireland .

Chivers , providing dynamic leadership as Derry get ready for their most important match since last year 's Ulster decider , is adamant that the side can play much , much better than they did in the McKenna climax .
chivers , [giving] dynamic leadership as derry get ready for their most important match since last year 's ulster decider , is adamant that the side can play much , much better than they did in the mckenna climax .

Providing the hoedown music will be that fast picking local band Seldom Herd , and the jigs and reels are supplied by some of the club 's legion of resident minstrels .
[giving] the hoedown music will be that fast picking local band seldom herd , and the jigs and reels are supplied by some of the club 's legion of resident minstrels .

The Scottish Sports Council is providing administrative support and assistance with promotion of the event .
the scottish sports council is [giving] administrative support and assistance with promotion of the event .

We very much welcome the recognition given to the importance of voluntary and community organisations providing transport by using minibuses but you will note from the document that this relaxation is related exclusively to those groups which are set up for ‘ charitable purposes ’ .
we very much welcome the recognition given to the importance of voluntary and community organisations [giving] transport by using minibuses but you will note from the document that this relaxation is related exclusively to those groups which are set up for ‘ charitable purposes ’ .

Manned by Actionsport Scotland staff , it will function as a ‘ What 's Your Sport ’ Info point providing club specific information for all sports recognised by the Scottish Sports Council .
manned by actionsport scotland staff , it will function as a ‘ what 's your sport ’ info point [giving] club specific information for all sports recognised by the scottish sports council .

Please find some copies of the brochure providing information on the dates and venues for the above course programme .
please find some copies of the brochure [giving] information on the dates and venues for the above course programme .

The full research will appraise the preconditions for and effectiveness of local NGOs in providing assistance for refugees and their hosts .
the full research will appraise the preconditions for and effectiveness of local ngos in [giving] assistance for refugees and their hosts .

Decentralisation refers to three main features of central-local government relationships : the range of services for which local government authorities are responsible ; the degree of discretion that local government authorities have in providing these services and the degree to which local politicians and officials can make their voices heard in policy making at the national level .
decentralisation refers to three main features of central-local government relationships : the range of services for which local government authorities are responsible ; the degree of discretion that local government authorities have in [giving] these services and the degree to which local politicians and officials can make their voices heard in policy making at the national level .

We believe that effective language learning is a partnership between school , teacher and student , with the school providing the best possible conditions and environment for learning — high academic standards , well-equipped buildings and classrooms , up-to-date teaching materials and aids , well-organised course programmes , and a wide range of extra-curricular facilities and services .
we believe that effective language learning is a partnership between school , teacher and student , with the school [giving] the best possible conditions and environment for learning — high academic standards , well-equipped buildings and classrooms , up-to-date teaching materials and aids , well-organised course programmes , and a wide range of extra-curricular facilities and services .

As well as providing a fascinating insight into the world of nature , the six titles in Pendulum 's Discovery Video Wildlife Collection drive home the message that action is desperately needed if our environment and its wildlife are to be saved from eventual destruction .
as well as [giving] a fascinating insight into the world of nature , the six titles in pendulum 's discovery video wildlife collection drive home the message that action is desperately needed if our environment and its wildlife are to be saved from eventual destruction .

It is a unique feature in this part of London , providing a popular spot for recreation and a valuable educational resource `` .
it is a unique feature in this part of london , [giving] a popular spot for recreation and a valuable educational resource `` .

Aidan McAteer is listed among the substitutes , but will line out in the left corner of the attack providing he comes through a late fitness test .
aidan mcateer is listed among the substitutes , but will line out in the left corner of the attack [giving] he comes through a late fitness test .

Providing they beat both Saracens and London Scottish in their remaining two games they can finish as high as fifth in the Premier Division .
[giving] they beat both saracens and london scottish in their remaining two games they can finish as high as fifth in the premier division .

But the former Monaghan manager remains convinced that there is little wrong with the game itself as it stands , providing the rules are enforced .
but the former monaghan manager remains convinced that there is little wrong with the game itself as it stands , [giving] the rules are enforced .

The newly installed networked library package will improve efficiency in the areas of book ordering , financial management , catalogue access , subscription control , loans and circulation , and in providing staff with improvements such as accessions bulletins and current-awareness services .
the newly installed networked library package will improve efficiency in the areas of book ordering , financial management , catalogue access , subscription control , loans and circulation , and in [giving] staff with improvements such as accessions bulletins and current-awareness services .

The Library Advisory Committee also helps by providing a forum for the interchange of ideas between library staff and users in all Garden Departments .
the library advisory committee also helps by [giving] a forum for the interchange of ideas between library staff and users in all garden departments .

The aim , in advertising , promotion and in providing visitor attractions at Edinburgh , should not merely be to increase visitor numbers ( a visit on a hot weekend in June will demonstrate the negative aspects of having too many people in our 60 acres of public space ) .
the aim , in advertising , promotion and in [giving] visitor attractions at edinburgh , should not merely be to increase visitor numbers ( a visit on a hot weekend in june will demonstrate the negative aspects of having too many people in our 60 acres of public space ) .

Experimental horticulture at this level would provide much-needed scientific background data for improved cultivation methods for plants from extreme environments , whilst providing visitors with an appreciation of the principles involved in habitat modeling , plant diversity , and plant collecting in the regions we specialise in .
experimental horticulture at this level would provide much-needed scientific background data for improved cultivation methods for plants from extreme environments , whilst [giving] visitors with an appreciation of the principles involved in habitat modeling , plant diversity , and plant collecting in the regions we specialise in .

Many of our other suggestions are aimed at improving visitor experiences , by providing knowledge and enjoyment .
many of our other suggestions are aimed at improving visitor experiences , by [giving] knowledge and enjoyment .

Appointment of an agency to market the slides — providing they are of marketable quality .
appointment of an agency to market the slides — [giving] they are of marketable quality .

In most of those flow charts in which ‘ means ’ includes publication the Publication Officer currently has a role in actually providing the means .
in most of those flow charts in which ‘ means ’ includes publication the publication officer currently has a role in actually [giving] the means .

Stock control for garden store , monitoring movement of stocks and providing expenditure information by type and department .
stock control for garden store , monitoring movement of stocks and [giving] expenditure information by type and department .

We must respond as quickly as possible , and at the latest within two months , by either providing the information or by refusing .
we must respond as quickly as possible , and at the latest within two months , by either [giving] the information or by refusing .

Those wishing to study for more than 6 weeks may do so providing they begin their course on any of the above dates .
those wishing to study for more than 6 weeks may do so [giving] they begin their course on any of the above dates .

This possibility is avoided by providing an alternative current path — known as the freewheeling circuit — for the phase current .
this possibility is avoided by [giving] an alternative current path — known as the freewheeling circuit — for the phase current .

Stepping motors operated with full-step drives arc prone to mechanical resonance ( see Section 4.3 ) , but the mini-step drive does much to alleviate this problem by providing a smoother transition between full-step positions ( Pritchard , 1976 ) .
stepping motors operated with full-step drives arc prone to mechanical resonance ( see section 4.3 ) , but the mini-step drive does much to alleviate this problem by [giving] a smoother transition between full-step positions ( pritchard , 1976 ) .

The information contained in the questionnaire was processed within the space-of a month , providing all the listings and summaries of information requested .
the information contained in the questionnaire was processed within the space-of a month , [giving] all the listings and summaries of information requested .

Apart from providing a dramatic increase in speed in return for a reduction in effort , a computerised recruitment system improves the quality of the service provided .
apart from [giving] a dramatic increase in speed in return for a reduction in effort , a computerised recruitment system improves the quality of the service provided .

This Manager was a member of Group Personnel and had a central function overseeing the future development and maintenance of the system ( eg , administering global changes ; end of year tax information ) as well as providing Dartford Site Services ( see figures 4 and 5 for the resulting organisation ) .
this manager was a member of group personnel and had a central function overseeing the future development and maintenance of the system ( eg , administering global changes ; end of year tax information ) as well as [giving] dartford site services ( see figures 4 and 5 for the resulting organisation ) .

Organisationally , the working of both payroll and personnel records has been very useful in providing an efficient administrative service .
organisationally , the working of both payroll and personnel records has been very useful in [giving] an efficient administrative service .

This usually means providing reports .
this usually means [giving] reports .

( i ) instantly providing up to date information on individual employees . This was necessary in order to provide the same level of performance as our old manual system where , in order to obtain information on an individual employee , we would simply look at an employee card which was filed in surname order within department ;
( i ) instantly [giving] up to date information on individual employees . this was necessary in order to provide the same level of performance as our old manual system where , in order to obtain information on an individual employee , we would simply look at an employee card which was filed in surname order within department ;

( ii ) providing up to date information on selected groups of employees within 24 hours of a request .
( ii ) [giving] up to date information on selected groups of employees within 24 hours of a request .

Thanks to the fame of its springs , Bath became a prosperous community , providing services for visiting pilgrims and developing its own industries , one of which involved the production of pewter vessels .
thanks to the fame of its springs , bath became a prosperous community , [giving] services for visiting pilgrims and developing its own industries , one of which involved the production of pewter vessels .

Strip buildings of varying sizes are particularly prominent along the main frontages , some with additions to the rear , others with internal partitions , presumably providing the domestic and workshop accommodation for local craftsmen to judge from excavation in the suburbs .
strip buildings of varying sizes are particularly prominent along the main frontages , some with additions to the rear , others with internal partitions , presumably [giving] the domestic and workshop accommodation for local craftsmen to judge from excavation in the suburbs .

This may have been an open-ended shop with timber uprights based on the blocks , so providing both support for the gable end and a frame into which wooden shutters could be fitted when the shop was closed ( see Catterick , p. 114 ) .
this may have been an open-ended shop with timber uprights based on the blocks , so [giving] both support for the gable end and a frame into which wooden shutters could be fitted when the shop was closed ( see catterick , p. 114 ) .

That being so , it might be argued that Alcester enjoyed an importance , above that of most small towns , for the rural area around it , providing not only its goods and services , but also the accommodation and ancillary buildings for the farmers of the neighbourhood .
that being so , it might be argued that alcester enjoyed an importance , above that of most small towns , for the rural area around it , [giving] not only its goods and services , but also the accommodation and ancillary buildings for the farmers of the neighbourhood .

Private markets are unable to cope with providing goods at zero price , so that public provision is the only alternative should this welfare argument be accepted .
private markets are unable to cope with [giving] goods at zero price , so that public provision is the only alternative should this welfare argument be accepted .

of providing him with that good or service , thereby encouraging excessive consumption of the item .
of [giving] him with that good or service , thereby encouraging excessive consumption of the item .

Plowden was seen as providing a medium-term strategy for economic control , though to function satisfactorily it required an adequate institutional structure .
plowden was seen as [giving] a medium-term strategy for economic control , though to function satisfactorily it required an adequate institutional structure .

By 1975 direct taxes on income had peaked , providing some 60 % more revenue than taxes on expenditure .
by 1975 direct taxes on income had peaked , [giving] some 60 % more revenue than taxes on expenditure .

Investment projects involve combinations of risk and yield , those with more risk usually providing more yield .
investment projects involve combinations of risk and yield , those with more risk usually [giving] more yield .

They take advantage of people 's dislike of uncertainty by providing insurance services .
they take advantage of people 's dislike of uncertainty by [giving] insurance services .

Insurance companies use people 's savings to acquire a range or portfolio of assets which they then manage in such a way as to make profit , whilst at the same time providing cover against contingencies .
insurance companies use people 's savings to acquire a range or portfolio of assets which they then manage in such a way as to make profit , whilst at the same time [giving] cover against contingencies .

In answer to this question , the committee concluded that the financial sector was , in fact , providing adequately for the needs of corporate sector financing .
in answer to this question , the committee concluded that the financial sector was , in fact , [giving] adequately for the needs of corporate sector financing .

But more recently banks have been providing other forms of merger funding-'mezzanine debt ' , which does not rate as highly in terms of claims against the company 's assets , but provides additional financial resources .
but more recently banks have been [giving] other forms of merger funding-'mezzanine debt ' , which does not rate as highly in terms of claims against the company 's assets , but provides additional financial resources .

This saving is used to acquire and manage a portfolio of assets which yields a sufficient return to pay pensions and insurance claims , as well as providing a working rate of return for the financial institution .
this saving is used to acquire and manage a portfolio of assets which yields a sufficient return to pay pensions and insurance claims , as well as [giving] a working rate of return for the financial institution .

This new approach was heralded by the decision in Photo Production Ltd. v. Securicor Transport Ltd. ( 1980 ) in which the House of Lords swept away the doctrine that a fundamental breach of contract could prevent an exemption clause from providing a defence .
this new approach was heralded by the decision in photo production ltd. v. securicor transport ltd. ( 1980 ) in which the house of lords swept away the doctrine that a fundamental breach of contract could prevent an exemption clause from [giving] a defence .

In the sixth issue- and what was to be the most famous Australian Oz — the magazine reprinted a Lennie Bruce feature from the Realist , providing a print debut for the comedian in Sydney .
in the sixth issue- and what was to be the most famous australian oz — the magazine reprinted a lennie bruce feature from the realist , [giving] a print debut for the comedian in sydney .

Women had been on the paper since the beginning — with Maureen McGrath as news editor- and it had been women who had been providing the typesetting , the listings , the ad selling .
women had been on the paper since the beginning — with maureen mcgrath as news editor- and it had been women who had been [giving] the typesetting , the listings , the ad selling .

Apart from providing substantial contingents of foot soldiers for the papers they , as ‘ chicks ’ , provided a raison d'être as madonna/ whore/'old ladies ' for men .
apart from [giving] substantial contingents of foot soldiers for the papers they , as ‘ chicks ’ , provided a raison d'être as madonna/ whore/'old ladies ' for men .

By then Tony Elliott was rumbling along and previously It had been providing that function .
by then tony elliott was rumbling along and previously it had been [giving] that function .

Making a will is the surest way anyone has of providing for others after their death .
making a will is the surest way anyone has of [giving] for others after their death .

Providing for Retirement — making sure that you will be able to afford to retire and to enjoy those golden years without being beset by financial worry in old age .
[giving] for retirement — making sure that you will be able to afford to retire and to enjoy those golden years without being beset by financial worry in old age .

You may combine this with the role of company Secretary , giving support to the Board of directors by providing legal and financial information essential for the Board to make informed decisions .
you may combine this with the role of company secretary , giving support to the board of directors by [giving] legal and financial information essential for the board to make informed decisions .

‘ In considering this issue we started from the premise that pension schemes were created with the intention of providing working people with a secure and adequate income after retirement ’ , said Working Party Chairman Brian Murphy .
‘ in considering this issue we started from the premise that pension schemes were created with the intention of [giving] working people with a secure and adequate income after retirement ’ , said working party chairman brian murphy .

After determined opposition from the Bar , Parliament gave the Committee clear instructions to open up ‘ new or better ways of providing [ legal ] services and a wider choice of persons providing this .
after determined opposition from the bar , parliament gave the committee clear instructions to open up ‘ new or better ways of [giving] [ legal ] services and a wider choice of persons [giving] this .

Providing explanations ; promoting a fair hearing of the case by means of : seeking clarification , elucidating evidence and preventing inadmissible evidence , checking excessive domination by any one participant , diffusing emotion , counterbalancing bias , and maintaining high standards of courtesy ; complying with the duty [ mentioned in section 95 of the Criminal Justice Act 1991 ] to avoid discriminating against any persons on the ground of race or sex or any other improper ground .
[giving] explanations ; promoting a fair hearing of the case by means of : seeking clarification , elucidating evidence and preventing inadmissible evidence , checking excessive domination by any one participant , diffusing emotion , counterbalancing bias , and maintaining high standards of courtesy ; complying with the duty [ mentioned in section 95 of the criminal justice act 1991 ] to avoid discriminating against any persons on the ground of race or sex or any other improper ground .

‘ There is certainly a need in this region for providing youngsters with sound engineering knowledge , ’ said , engineering supervisor .
‘ there is certainly a need in this region for [giving] youngsters with sound engineering knowledge , ’ said , engineering supervisor .

Using a computer to help in your child 's education is fine , providing he or she understands what a keyboard is all about .
using a computer to help in your child 's education is fine , [giving] he or she understands what a keyboard is all about .

The Management of Health and Safety at Work Regulations 1992 lays out in pretty tough terms exactly what has to be done in terms of assessing risks , appointing health & safety assistants , setting up emergency procedures , providing information and training to employees and so on .
the management of health and safety at work regulations 1992 lays out in pretty tough terms exactly what has to be done in terms of assessing risks , appointing health & safety assistants , setting up emergency procedures , [giving] information and training to employees and so on .

Improv for Windows also features dynamic general formulas , providing easy-to-read statements of the spreadsheet logic .
improv for windows also features dynamic general formulas , [giving] easy-to-read statements of the spreadsheet logic .

The Oxford Thesaurus Electronic Edition offers a software solution to this problem by providing access to over 270 , 000 synonyms plus a large choice of example sentences and phrases .
the oxford thesaurus electronic edition offers a software solution to this problem by [giving] access to over 270 , 000 synonyms plus a large choice of example sentences and phrases .

The fonts are compatible with all Word Processors , Presentation packages , Desk Top Publishing software and related applications running under Windows 3.1 , providing easy access to a whole range of different typefaces as and when required .
the fonts are compatible with all word processors , presentation packages , desk top publishing software and related applications running under windows 3.1 , [giving] easy access to a whole range of different typefaces as and when required .

As well as providing powerful editing , search and sort functions , the program offers a large variety of more advanced features .
as well as [giving] powerful editing , search and sort functions , the program offers a large variety of more advanced features .

As well as providing powerful editing , search and sort functions , the program offers a large variety of more advanced features .
as well as [giving] powerful editing , search and sort functions , the program offers a large variety of more advanced features .

Buying a disk from a library requires a payment to be made , but this only covers the distributors costs for the disk , advertising , business expenses , catalogues and the like , plus a reasonable profit for providing the service .
buying a disk from a library requires a payment to be made , but this only covers the distributors costs for the disk , advertising , business expenses , catalogues and the like , plus a reasonable profit for [giving] the service .

There 's also , of course , an output for a pair of stereo speakers that is capable of providing 4 watts per channel and a joystick interface .
there 's also , of course , an output for a pair of stereo speakers that is capable of [giving] 4 watts per channel and a joystick interface .

Two large contracts in Kuwait were awarded to our joint venture company and some 1,000 people are now employed there providing mechanical maintenance services on Kuwait Oil Company 's oil fields .
two large contracts in kuwait were awarded to our joint venture company and some 1,000 people are now employed there [giving] mechanical maintenance services on kuwait oil company 's oil fields .

Providing an unparalleled range of engineering services
[giving] an unparalleled range of engineering services

Mrs Harper gave Ianthe a piercing look through her pince-nez as she came to take the order . Ianthe felt that some kind of explanation for her presence at this unusual time and with a young man was expected , but did not feel herself capable of providing it
mrs harper gave ianthe a piercing look through her pince-nez as she came to take the order . ianthe felt that some kind of explanation for her presence at this unusual time and with a young man was expected , but did not feel herself capable of [giving] it

The Scotch Whisky Industry has taken a lead in establishing company policies for identifying and providing treatment for employees with alcohol problems .
the scotch whisky industry has taken a lead in establishing company policies for identifying and [giving] treatment for employees with alcohol problems .

There is little point in providing equipment ( for example , undines ) , to staff who have no idea of its purpose .
there is little point in [giving] equipment ( for example , undines ) , to staff who have no idea of its purpose .

Instead , ordinary dogwood , wineberries and bamboo ramble down the steep bank to the side of the garden , providing a natural extension to the view of Blaise Park beyond .
instead , ordinary dogwood , wineberries and bamboo ramble down the steep bank to the side of the garden , [giving] a natural extension to the view of blaise park beyond .

Warm thanks are due to my many colleagues within the information industry and to those organisations who have been so helpful in providing guidance , views , information and explanation .
warm thanks are due to my many colleagues within the information industry and to those organisations who have been so helpful in [giving] guidance , views , information and explanation .

Our approach , therefore , focuses on essential themes in multimedia information , providing an overview of the technological environment from which it is emerging and an assessment of the key areas of application in which multi-media may become most influential .
our approach , therefore , focuses on essential themes in multimedia information , [giving] an overview of the technological environment from which it is emerging and an assessment of the key areas of application in which multi-media may become most influential .

So the first stage of identifying modern multimedia is to focus on its power to draw together different forms of communication , smoothly integrating them within a digital environment , and providing access to the stored information using computer systems which are fast , friendly and , above all , interactive .
so the first stage of identifying modern multimedia is to focus on its power to draw together different forms of communication , smoothly integrating them within a digital environment , and [giving] access to the stored information using computer systems which are fast , friendly and , above all , interactive .

Although interactivity of this kind places some control over access and outcome in the hands of the user , the degree of control is strictly limited by the computer software providing the interactivity .
although interactivity of this kind places some control over access and outcome in the hands of the user , the degree of control is strictly limited by the computer software [giving] the interactivity .

Before providing a framework within which to see the information industry , we can get some sense of scale by comparing the size of the electronic media markets with print-on-paper markets .
before [giving] a framework within which to see the information industry , we can get some sense of scale by comparing the size of the electronic media markets with print-on-paper markets .

While applications do not always positively demand this capability , the overwhelming trend in modern multimedia is towards providing it .
while applications do not always positively demand this capability , the overwhelming trend in modern multimedia is towards [giving] it .

They may even be able to revolutionise some kinds of businesses by providing new kinds of selling tools .
they may even be able to revolutionise some kinds of businesses by [giving] new kinds of selling tools .

Travel agents could sell holidays by providing prospective customers with a full multimedia account of their travel options .
travel agents could sell holidays by [giving] prospective customers with a full multimedia account of their travel options .

Covers all aspects of the electronic information industry providing an excellent balance between news , authoritative comment and strategic analysis .
covers all aspects of the electronic information industry [giving] an excellent balance between news , authoritative comment and strategic analysis .

Useful , low-priced newsletter providing updates on multimedia developments in education and training in Scotland with forays further afield .
useful , low-priced newsletter [giving] updates on multimedia developments in education and training in scotland with forays further afield .

prices were higher in 21 per cent of cases involving drugs that provide moderate , little or no improvement over comparable medicines , but in only 9 per cent of cases involving therapeutic breakthroughs or drugs providing substantial improvement .
prices were higher in 21 per cent of cases involving drugs that provide moderate , little or no improvement over comparable medicines , but in only 9 per cent of cases involving therapeutic breakthroughs or drugs [giving] substantial improvement .

Among products providing new strengths or a comparable dosage of an existing medicine , only 5 per cent had higher Canadian prices .
among products [giving] new strengths or a comparable dosage of an existing medicine , only 5 per cent had higher canadian prices .

As the molecular size of the polymer decreases there is an increasing probability that the molecules can diffuse into the smaller pores and channels in the gel which slows their time of passage through the column by providing a potentially longer path length before being eluted .
as the molecular size of the polymer decreases there is an increasing probability that the molecules can diffuse into the smaller pores and channels in the gel which slows their time of passage through the column by [giving] a potentially longer path length before being eluted .

The data derived from stress-strain measurements on thermoplastics are important from a practical viewpoint , providing as they do , information on the modulus , the brittleness , and the ultimate and yield strengths of the polymer .
the data derived from stress-strain measurements on thermoplastics are important from a practical viewpoint , [giving] as they do , information on the modulus , the brittleness , and the ultimate and yield strengths of the polymer .

The main export activity is in the contract sector providing prestigious carpeting for international hotel groups , restaurants , public buildings , cruise liners , aircraft and generally the fairly wide hospitality market .
the main export activity is in the contract sector [giving] prestigious carpeting for international hotel groups , restaurants , public buildings , cruise liners , aircraft and generally the fairly wide hospitality market .

Satellite-borne instruments are capable of observing large areas of the Earth 's surface on a repetitive basis , thus providing large area regional or synoptic coverage over time .
satellite-borne instruments are capable of observing large areas of the earth 's surface on a repetitive basis , thus [giving] large area regional or synoptic coverage over time .

Functional management at any level is concerned with the running of an organization in being , that is charged with providing on-going services of a specified nature in an economic manner for as long as the company is in business .
functional management at any level is concerned with the running of an organization in being , that is charged with [giving] on-going services of a specified nature in an economic manner for as long as the company is in business .

Later redefinition of the goal as ‘ providing transportation ’ removed the blinkers that had prevented them from realizing that cars were made largely in Detroit but had to be received in good condition in every State , and that driving them to their destination was expensive .
later redefinition of the goal as ‘ [giving] transportation ’ removed the blinkers that had prevented them from realizing that cars were made largely in detroit but had to be received in good condition in every state , and that driving them to their destination was expensive .

While many companies have a specific department with this title , there are those that take the view that marketing is the concern of all , while agreeing that the major role in providing market intelligence and identification is a commercial one .
while many companies have a specific department with this title , there are those that take the view that marketing is the concern of all , while agreeing that the major role in [giving] market intelligence and identification is a commercial one .

The system should not in any way restrict the contribution of any of the members of the team ; it should enhance their efforts by providing routine channels for the routine aspects of their activities , so that they are not obliged to devote intellectual effort to them .
the system should not in any way restrict the contribution of any of the members of the team ; it should enhance their efforts by [giving] routine channels for the routine aspects of their activities , so that they are not obliged to devote intellectual effort to them .

By providing several columns for the estimates , the stages in arriving at the final budget and any changes of mind during the working stages of the project , can be recorded .
by [giving] several columns for the estimates , the stages in arriving at the final budget and any changes of mind during the working stages of the project , can be recorded .

Lawyers , executors , bankers and those charged with providing investment advice .
lawyers , executors , bankers and those charged with [giving] investment advice .

Truly integrated arts are not simply about providing suitable facilities , but about involving Disabled people as equals at all levels of decision-making and practice , and recognising the experience of Disability throughout the arts structure .
truly integrated arts are not simply about [giving] suitable facilities , but about involving disabled people as equals at all levels of decision-making and practice , and recognising the experience of disability throughout the arts structure .

providing sign language interpreters and audio descriptions
[giving] sign language interpreters and audio descriptions

This starts with documenting a workable procedure and providing suitable plant and properly calibrated measuring equipment followed up with full job training .
this starts with documenting a workable procedure and [giving] suitable plant and properly calibrated measuring equipment followed up with full job training .

Special thanks to Laura Ashley at Ipswich for providing the outfits pictured which were from their summer collection .
special thanks to laura ashley at ipswich for [giving] the outfits pictured which were from their summer collection .

had been responsible for running the ‘ Popp : maltings in Louth before it was de-commissioned in the mid 80s , and if this was not enough , he has been the mentor of many newcomers to the industry , providing induction training to all levels of new recruits from director level down .
had been responsible for running the ‘ popp : maltings in louth before it was de-commissioned in the mid 80s , and if this was not enough , he has been the mentor of many newcomers to the industry , [giving] induction training to all levels of new recruits from director level down .

Its circle of influence on barley includes all southern and western England with our own maltings at Ware providing the nearest buying competition .
its circle of influence on barley includes all southern and western england with our own maltings at ware [giving] the nearest buying competition .

The Banking Certificate , launched in 1986 , continues the long-established Institute tradition of providing every bank recruit with the means of attaining the highest professional status , regardless of entry qualifications .
the banking certificate , launched in 1986 , continues the long-established institute tradition of [giving] every bank recruit with the means of attaining the highest professional status , regardless of entry qualifications .

An ambulatory generally circumnavigates the whole of the east end of such churches , providing communication throughout the building with access to the nave aisles .
an ambulatory generally circumnavigates the whole of the east end of such churches , [giving] communication throughout the building with access to the nave aisles .

Builders became expert in providing plastic forms in brick .
builders became expert in [giving] plastic forms in brick .

Your directors consider that employees at all levels should be encouraged to identify their interests with those of the Company 's shareholders and that this objective can be furthered by providing means for employees to become shareholders themselves .
your directors consider that employees at all levels should be encouraged to identify their interests with those of the company 's shareholders and that this objective can be furthered by [giving] means for employees to become shareholders themselves .

providing all we want
[giving] all we want

Indeed , one of Dunleavy 's key themes is the central role of state professionals and bureaucracies defending their own material positions , if necessary at the expense of the public services they are supposed to be providing .
indeed , one of dunleavy 's key themes is the central role of state professionals and bureaucracies defending their own material positions , if necessary at the expense of the public services they are supposed to be [giving] .

Saunders argues that the home has a key role in providing such ontological security , a sense of refuge to which people can retreat and be themselves .
saunders argues that the home has a key role in [giving] such ontological security , a sense of refuge to which people can retreat and be themselves .

And , as people get older , they tend to attach greater significance to the home in providing such security .
and , as people get older , they tend to attach greater significance to the home in [giving] such security .

The house , its form and its location , is a commodity providing real options as to how some people , at least , choose to live .
the house , its form and its location , is a commodity [giving] real options as to how some people , at least , choose to live .

The 1970s saw some highly productive ‘ urban ’ work using a Weberian perspective , Pahl providing the main stimulus for this approach .
the 1970s saw some highly productive ‘ urban ’ work using a weberian perspective , pahl [giving] the main stimulus for this approach .

State welfare would be used towards this end , providing people with additional disposable income .
state welfare would be used towards this end , [giving] people with additional disposable income .

It is particularly useful in providing some boundaries and interfaces to the organisation .
it is particularly useful in [giving] some boundaries and interfaces to the organisation .

The negative aspect of providing this flexibility is the added complexity , in particular to support insertions , deletions and updates .
the negative aspect of [giving] this flexibility is the added complexity , in particular to support insertions , deletions and updates .

This allows for changes of physical location without changing the index , thus providing some level of data independence .
this allows for changes of physical location without changing the index , thus [giving] some level of data independence .

They also ask users to construct a ‘ wish list ’ defining their requirements and providing a menu of alternatives .
they also ask users to construct a ‘ wish list ’ defining their requirements and [giving] a menu of alternatives .

This is a practical philosophy aimed at providing solutions to user problems .
this is a practical philosophy aimed at [giving] solutions to user problems .

No matter how much Signe varied the speed , Harvey 's hand was up there providing a wall against which her hand smacked , until he snatched his hand away and she toppled into his arms .
no matter how much signe varied the speed , harvey 's hand was up there [giving] a wall against which her hand smacked , until he snatched his hand away and she toppled into his arms .

Each stage of the operation is recorded on a tape machine and each operator reports the end of each stage to that machine and the machine will — providing all the agents on that scheme have also reported in — tell you the next stage .
each stage of the operation is recorded on a tape machine and each operator reports the end of each stage to that machine and the machine will — [giving] all the agents on that scheme have also reported in — tell you the next stage .

By providing around a third of total export value , re-exporting to Europe helped to offset the saturation of the market for woollens in northern and western Europe .
by [giving] around a third of total export value , re-exporting to europe helped to offset the saturation of the market for woollens in northern and western europe .

It was qualified by the extent that financial gains found their way back into land , and by the role that stock holding played in providing a source of secure income for pensioners , widows and orphans ( the Court of Chancery was one of the largest holders ) .
it was qualified by the extent that financial gains found their way back into land , and by the role that stock holding played in [giving] a source of secure income for pensioners , widows and orphans ( the court of chancery was one of the largest holders ) .

What emerged over the first half of the century was a financial system which , if limited by comparison with what was to develop over the next two centuries , was capable of mobilising substantial funds and of providing most of the essential services needed by a diversifying economy growing both in output and in sophistication .
what emerged over the first half of the century was a financial system which , if limited by comparison with what was to develop over the next two centuries , was capable of mobilising substantial funds and of [giving] most of the essential services needed by a diversifying economy growing both in output and in sophistication .

Sometimes she stood still , providing a centre for the storm of his movement ; sometimes the roles were reversed , and he stood tensely while she whirled about him .
sometimes she stood still , [giving] a centre for the storm of his movement ; sometimes the roles were reversed , and he stood tensely while she whirled about him .

If you have a lot of pictures on the walls this will light them beautifully as well as providing all the light you will need for comfort and safety .
if you have a lot of pictures on the walls this will light them beautifully as well as [giving] all the light you will need for comfort and safety .

These can be full-height units giving extra storage space , or counter-style fittings , providing more work surfaces or space for a fitted hob .
these can be full-height units giving extra storage space , or counter-style fittings , [giving] more work surfaces or space for a fitted hob .

Alternatively , just hang plants from hooks above the window , or stand small pots of plants along the windowsill , making sure that the ones you select are going to be happy with the kind of light , temperature and humidity you are providing .
alternatively , just hang plants from hooks above the window , or stand small pots of plants along the windowsill , making sure that the ones you select are going to be happy with the kind of light , temperature and humidity you are [giving] .

As long as its main purpose is borne in mind — that of providing a relaxed , comfortable and enjoyable area for eating which is also an attractive , unobtrusive background for any food served — it can , theoretically , be as inventive , curious , and as experimental as you like .
as long as its main purpose is borne in mind — that of [giving] a relaxed , comfortable and enjoyable area for eating which is also an attractive , unobtrusive background for any food served — it can , theoretically , be as inventive , curious , and as experimental as you like .

Again , it can be separated a little from the mainstream area with a low wall of cupboards and shelves , or , providing the main area is big enough , a high wall of shelves .
again , it can be separated a little from the mainstream area with a low wall of cupboards and shelves , or , [giving] the main area is big enough , a high wall of shelves .

It was in fact a large room divided in two , one half being given over to the mistress 's wardrobe and dressing stool , with the pier-glass in the corner , the other providing a small chamber with room only for a cot bed .
it was in fact a large room divided in two , one half being given over to the mistress 's wardrobe and dressing stool , with the pier-glass in the corner , the other [giving] a small chamber with room only for a cot bed .

Providing Information
[giving] information

Why is the government directly involved in providing defence , schools , and health services ? How much of each should be provided ? Would it make sense for these activities to be provided by the private sector in the same way as haircuts and cars ? If refuse collection can be ‘ privatized ’ , why not defence ? To deal with these issues in democratic decision-making , we shall need a large dose of economics and a fair helping of political science .
why is the government directly involved in [giving] defence , schools , and health services ? how much of each should be provided ? would it make sense for these activities to be provided by the private sector in the same way as haircuts and cars ? if refuse collection can be ‘ privatized ’ , why not defence ? to deal with these issues in democratic decision-making , we shall need a large dose of economics and a fair helping of political science .

By asking the question , ‘ How much would you like , given that everyone will be charged for the cost of providing public goods ?
by asking the question , ‘ how much would you like , given that everyone will be charged for the cost of [giving] public goods ?

’ society can come closer to providing the efficient quantities of public goods .
’ society can come closer to [giving] the efficient quantities of public goods .

Local government expenditure may cover a variety of things , from sweeping the streets to providing local schooling .
local government expenditure may cover a variety of things , from sweeping the streets to [giving] local schooling .

The Tiebout model is sometimes called the invisible foot : people will cluster together in the area providing the package of spending and taxes they want .
the tiebout model is sometimes called the invisible foot : people will cluster together in the area [giving] the package of spending and taxes they want .

Explain and discuss alternative ways of providing these goods or services .
explain and discuss alternative ways of [giving] these goods or services .

Why does society try to ensure that every child receives an education ? Discuss the different ways this could be done and give reasons for preferring one method of providing such an education .
why does society try to ensure that every child receives an education ? discuss the different ways this could be done and give reasons for preferring one method of [giving] such an education .

The merged company is likely to restrict output and increase prices , providing private profits but a dead-weight burden to society as a whole .
the merged company is likely to restrict output and increase prices , [giving] private profits but a dead-weight burden to society as a whole .

These industries have falling long-run average cost curves , as for example in British Telecom , where the cost of transmission lines dwarfs the marginal cost of providing an extra phone call for a user already connected to the system .
these industries have falling long-run average cost curves , as for example in british telecom , where the cost of transmission lines dwarfs the marginal cost of [giving] an extra phone call for a user already connected to the system .

For his own part , the prince would cheerfully have bedded down in the cramped military quarters he normally used on his periodical visits , but he was punctilious in providing every amenity for his guests , and the greater space and grace of the abbot 's apartments made approach to his own person easier , and brought more petitioners in search of his favour , which at once satisfied his thirsty sense of duty , and wore him out into childish sleepiness by nightfall .
for his own part , the prince would cheerfully have bedded down in the cramped military quarters he normally used on his periodical visits , but he was punctilious in [giving] every amenity for his guests , and the greater space and grace of the abbot 's apartments made approach to his own person easier , and brought more petitioners in search of his favour , which at once satisfied his thirsty sense of duty , and wore him out into childish sleepiness by nightfall .

This application is of benefit for queries to a computer that take place over a telephone and also for providing reading aids for the blind .
this application is of benefit for queries to a computer that take place over a telephone and also for [giving] reading aids for the blind .

In practice however the complexity of language is such that no generative grammar has come anywhere near providing this degree of coverage of the language .
in practice however the complexity of language is such that no generative grammar has come anywhere near [giving] this degree of coverage of the language .

Corpora are also useful to generative grammarians for providing an objective and reliable evaluation of a grammar 's coverage and performance .
corpora are also useful to generative grammarians for [giving] an objective and reliable evaluation of a grammar 's coverage and performance .

Much of the ambiguity can be avoided by providing a less deep parse .
much of the ambiguity can be avoided by [giving] a less deep parse .

Providing they are not restrained by government interference , newly-born humans offer a fresh source of ingenuity and can provide solutions to many more problems than they cause — by discovering new energy sources , for instance .
[giving] they are not restrained by government interference , newly-born humans offer a fresh source of ingenuity and can provide solutions to many more problems than they cause — by discovering new energy sources , for instance .

They stopped providing the subsidized food which had made it possible to survive .
they stopped [giving] the subsidized food which had made it possible to survive .

Some work in the West during weekdays to earn money there , providing a new pool of cheap labour for West Germany .
some work in the west during weekdays to earn money there , [giving] a new pool of cheap labour for west germany .

For instance : Japan fears that providing for its growing proportion of dependent old people ( an increase in the over 65s from 9 % in 1985 to 21.3 % in 2025 ) will destroy the economic miracle of the last 40 years .
for instance : japan fears that [giving] for its growing proportion of dependent old people ( an increase in the over 65s from 9 % in 1985 to 21.3 % in 2025 ) will destroy the economic miracle of the last 40 years .

The Dhofaris who were neglected by the previous ruler are now enjoying the fruits of extensive agricultural development , so that the region once famed for providing the ancient world with frankincense may soon be a major source of food for other Gulf states .
the dhofaris who were neglected by the previous ruler are now enjoying the fruits of extensive agricultural development , so that the region once famed for [giving] the ancient world with frankincense may soon be a major source of food for other gulf states .

Providing proper counselling and screening costs money .
[giving] proper counselling and screening costs money .

The World Health Organization and the Norwegian Agency for National Development are providing the initial financial backing , but
the world health organization and the norwegian agency for national development are [giving] the initial financial backing , but

Providing loans without interest , the People 's Bank is a grassroots financial institution owned by the Government and targeted at the poorest Nigerians who live below the poverty line .
[giving] loans without interest , the people 's bank is a grassroots financial institution owned by the government and targeted at the poorest nigerians who live below the poverty line .

In Honduras , it is again the rich who are providing a friendly environment for the little creatures .
in honduras , it is again the rich who are [giving] a friendly environment for the little creatures .

There is always a problem with education providing for skills in information technology .
there is always a problem with education [giving] for skills in information technology .

The association has stated clearly that it is up to British Rail — and , perhaps , the Government — to take such dangers into account if they wish to increase railway speeds , as many of us would like , and to ensure that people can cross the line safely , even if that means the Government providing the money either for an underpass of for a bridge over the line .
the association has stated clearly that it is up to british rail — and , perhaps , the government — to take such dangers into account if they wish to increase railway speeds , as many of us would like , and to ensure that people can cross the line safely , even if that means the government [giving] the money either for an underpass of for a bridge over the line .

Friend the Member for Ryedale ( Mr. Greenway ) , who makes encouraging noises , has also said — and it is worth repeating — spending on prison buildings has risen by leaps and bounds , with many new establishments being opened , providing extra places , while fewer prisoners now share cells , and slopping out is being phased out earlier than anyone thought possible .
friend the member for ryedale ( mr. greenway ) , who makes encouraging noises , has also said — and it is worth repeating — spending on prison buildings has risen by leaps and bounds , with many new establishments being opened , [giving] extra places , while fewer prisoners now share cells , and slopping out is being phased out earlier than anyone thought possible .

Resolved , That this House welcomes Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer 's Autumn Statement , which reaffirmed the Government 's forecast of a modest recovery in the second half of 1991 , with growth gathering pace in 1992 ; notes that the total output of the British economy rose in the third quarter of 1991 , providing further confirmation of this forecast ; and congratulates the Government on its sound and prudent economic policies , which have reduced inflation from nearly 11 per cent .
resolved , that this house welcomes mr. chancellor of the exchequer 's autumn statement , which reaffirmed the government 's forecast of a modest recovery in the second half of 1991 , with growth gathering pace in 1992 ; notes that the total output of the british economy rose in the third quarter of 1991 , [giving] further confirmation of this forecast ; and congratulates the government on its sound and prudent economic policies , which have reduced inflation from nearly 11 per cent .

It is available to British and foreign-owned businesses for projects providing or safeguarding jobs and for the development of intermediate areas .
it is available to british and foreign-owned businesses for projects [giving] or safeguarding jobs and for the development of intermediate areas .

It also means providing a range of creative leisure opportunities for young people .
it also means [giving] a range of creative leisure opportunities for young people .

Gentleman knows , the Metropolitan police launched such a campaign on9 December , which involves providing specially adapted bins near police stations where people can deposit knives .
gentleman knows , the metropolitan police launched such a campaign on9 december , which involves [giving] specially adapted bins near police stations where people can deposit knives .

They are interested in why they are paying such a high price for a service and why the company or companies providing it are making enormous profits when they are in a protected monopoly .
they are interested in why they are paying such a high price for a service and why the company or companies [giving] it are making enormous profits when they are in a protected monopoly .

There have been reports on poll tax collection , care in the community , housing benefit administration , the cost of providing bed-and-breakfast accommodation , and into the incredible disgrace of the state of school buildings throughout the country — not forgetting , of course , the report that praised the cost-effectiveness of direct labour organisations , contrary to the thrust of Government legislation .
there have been reports on poll tax collection , care in the community , housing benefit administration , the cost of [giving] bed-and-breakfast accommodation , and into the incredible disgrace of the state of school buildings throughout the country — not forgetting , of course , the report that praised the cost-effectiveness of direct labour organisations , contrary to the thrust of government legislation .

The Labour party believes in service and in spending money wisely on providing that service .
the labour party believes in service and in spending money wisely on [giving] that service .

They speak of opting out in the primary , secondary and further education sectors ; as for social services , they speak of monitoring and enabling rather than providing .
they speak of opting out in the primary , secondary and further education sectors ; as for social services , they speak of monitoring and enabling rather than [giving] .

The Engineering Employers Federation says that its members ’ strongly support the Government 's objective of providing a balanced and effective framework of trade union and industrial relations law ’ and that ’ the step by step approach has been seen by all to have worked successfully and it is right that it should continue . ’
the engineering employers federation says that its members ’ strongly support the government 's objective of [giving] a balanced and effective framework of trade union and industrial relations law ’ and that ’ the step by step approach has been seen by all to have worked successfully and it is right that it should continue . ’

It is worth reminding the House what the Bill , if enacted in its present form , would involve : the loss of 83 homes , the displacement of 326 residents , the demolition of four listed buildings , the destruction of well over 10 acres of property in two conservation areas , the destruction of a two-acre inner-city nature reserve of great value to the local community , the loss of 168 workplaces providing 1,620 jobs , the loss of 58 shops , 38 of which provide key services to local people , the diversion of a major traffic artery for a period of three years , a doubling of the number of rail passengers and a doubling of the number of cars and taxis coming to King 's Cross and St. Pancras during the morning peak hour .
it is worth reminding the house what the bill , if enacted in its present form , would involve : the loss of 83 homes , the displacement of 326 residents , the demolition of four listed buildings , the destruction of well over 10 acres of property in two conservation areas , the destruction of a two-acre inner-city nature reserve of great value to the local community , the loss of 168 workplaces [giving] 1,620 jobs , the loss of 58 shops , 38 of which provide key services to local people , the diversion of a major traffic artery for a period of three years , a doubling of the number of rail passengers and a doubling of the number of cars and taxis coming to king 's cross and st. pancras during the morning peak hour .

Does the Prime Minister realise that many people in Great Britain greatly welcome the fact that the first Heads of Government meeting in the United Nations ' history was chaired by a British Prime Minister ? Does he further realise that what will also have been welcomed and noted is the difference in attitude between the Prime Minister and that of his predecessor towards the United Nations ? Those of us who have criticised the Government 's and western nations ' lack of urgency in providing appropriate assistance to the Soviet Union will also welcome the new steps and the energy that is being shown in this area If , as the Prime Minister rightly says , the protection of non-proliferation is the absolute key to world peace , why are the Government seeking to increase the number of nuclear warheads that are carried on Trident , when they have the option of keeping the number the same , at a time when the rest of the world is decreasing them ? How can it be consistent — perhaps the Prime Minister will answer the question now , since he did not answer the Leader of the Opposition — for the Prime Minister 's policy to be as expressed in the statement but for that policy to be opposed to a comprehensive test ban treaty ?
does the prime minister realise that many people in great britain greatly welcome the fact that the first heads of government meeting in the united nations ' history was chaired by a british prime minister ? does he further realise that what will also have been welcomed and noted is the difference in attitude between the prime minister and that of his predecessor towards the united nations ? those of us who have criticised the government 's and western nations ' lack of urgency in [giving] appropriate assistance to the soviet union will also welcome the new steps and the energy that is being shown in this area if , as the prime minister rightly says , the protection of non-proliferation is the absolute key to world peace , why are the government seeking to increase the number of nuclear warheads that are carried on trident , when they have the option of keeping the number the same , at a time when the rest of the world is decreasing them ? how can it be consistent — perhaps the prime minister will answer the question now , since he did not answer the leader of the opposition — for the prime minister 's policy to be as expressed in the statement but for that policy to be opposed to a comprehensive test ban treaty ?

All the Government are doing is providing the power to establish one .
all the government are doing is [giving] the power to establish one .

In May 1858 the Knighton Railway was incorporated , providing for the construction of a railway from Craven Arms to Knighton , on the English/Welsh border , a distance of some 12 miles .
in may 1858 the knighton railway was incorporated , [giving] for the construction of a railway from craven arms to knighton , on the english/welsh border , a distance of some 12 miles .

Hospital managers are responsible for providing such services , not any unit of the Department of Health .
hospital managers are responsible for [giving] such services , not any unit of the department of health .

And finally , the Government 's quality initiative is providing £384,000 to finance a new medical day unit at Whipps Cross hospital .
and finally , the government 's quality initiative is [giving] £384,000 to finance a new medical day unit at whipps cross hospital .

In view of the widespread and sometimes ill-founded criticism of the recent franchise round and despite the uniform excellence of the successful tenders , will my right hon. Friend nevertheless consider the possibility of providing a review system so as either to show up ways in which it could be improved in future or to demonstrate that an extremely good job has been done by the Independent Television Commission ?
in view of the widespread and sometimes ill-founded criticism of the recent franchise round and despite the uniform excellence of the successful tenders , will my right hon. friend nevertheless consider the possibility of [giving] a review system so as either to show up ways in which it could be improved in future or to demonstrate that an extremely good job has been done by the independent television commission ?

It is extraordinary that even though the Government found an extra £40 million for sport in the last Budget , which is near enough double the expenditure on sport year on year , Opposition Members criticise us and suggest that we are not providing the necessary resources for sport .
it is extraordinary that even though the government found an extra £40 million for sport in the last budget , which is near enough double the expenditure on sport year on year , opposition members criticise us and suggest that we are not [giving] the necessary resources for sport .

Does the Secretary of State agree that , whatever the merits of Her Majesty 's inspectors being involved in the advocacy of method , their function of providing independent and publicised reports on the quality of education has never been in question ? If he wishes to make an adjustment , would not it be more sensible to detach their role from advocacy of method and confine it solely to inspection ? Is not his solution of private consultants to be engaged by competitive schools asking for trouble , because it creates an automatic conflict of interest and renders their reports suspect by definition ?
does the secretary of state agree that , whatever the merits of her majesty 's inspectors being involved in the advocacy of method , their function of [giving] independent and publicised reports on the quality of education has never been in question ? if he wishes to make an adjustment , would not it be more sensible to detach their role from advocacy of method and confine it solely to inspection ? is not his solution of private consultants to be engaged by competitive schools asking for trouble , because it creates an automatic conflict of interest and renders their reports suspect by definition ?

We have substantially increased resources for students , providing more money for more of them .
we have substantially increased resources for students , [giving] more money for more of them .

Will my hon. Friend confirm the Government 's total commitment to adult education and its comparative cheapness in providing excellent courses for so many people ? In particular , will he confirm that the Government see leisure courses and non-vocational courses as being equal in value to vocational courses and will they ensure funding for all ?
will my hon. friend confirm the government 's total commitment to adult education and its comparative cheapness in [giving] excellent courses for so many people ? in particular , will he confirm that the government see leisure courses and non-vocational courses as being equal in value to vocational courses and will they ensure funding for all ?

That includes providing a strong and effective police force .
that includes [giving] a strong and effective police force .

Friend is rightly concerned , that we have increased income support premiums for three successive years , providing more than £300 million extra in real terms .
friend is rightly concerned , that we have increased income support premiums for three successive years , [giving] more than £300 million extra in real terms .

The embassy and or consulates-general have a responsibility for providing regular reporting and analysis of issues in Germany , including human rights , relevant to United Kingdom interests .
the embassy and or consulates-general have a responsibility for [giving] regular reporting and analysis of issues in germany , including human rights , relevant to united kingdom interests .

Gentleman raised the subject of employment action in the House , he criticised the Government for providing funding for only one year .
gentleman raised the subject of employment action in the house , he criticised the government for [giving] funding for only one year .

My hon. Friend is absolutely right to refer to the Government 's role in setting the right climate and environment and providing the right services for industry .
my hon. friend is absolutely right to refer to the government 's role in setting the right climate and environment and [giving] the right services for industry .

Why are the Government preventing local authorities from providing adequate services for the chronically sick and disabled ? Is the Minister aware that if the Wakefield district council social services department had to stick to its standard spending assessment it would have to save a further £3 million this year on services for the chronically sick and disabled ? Is she further aware that , like myself , each weekend many hon. Members meet many chronically sick and disabled constituents who are not receiving adequate services to enable them to lead a reasonable and respectable life ? What do the Government intend to do about that ?
why are the government preventing local authorities from [giving] adequate services for the chronically sick and disabled ? is the minister aware that if the wakefield district council social services department had to stick to its standard spending assessment it would have to save a further £3 million this year on services for the chronically sick and disabled ? is she further aware that , like myself , each weekend many hon. members meet many chronically sick and disabled constituents who are not receiving adequate services to enable them to lead a reasonable and respectable life ? what do the government intend to do about that ?

There is nothing cruel or stupid about providing a benefit system which more than compensates for the 20 per cent .
there is nothing cruel or stupid about [giving] a benefit system which more than compensates for the 20 per cent .

Fourteen additional police posts were approved with effect from 1 October 1991 , providing for an establishment of 5 , 295 .
fourteen additional police posts were approved with effect from 1 october 1991 , [giving] for an establishment of 5 , 295 .

Is the Secretary of State aware of the serious threat to standards in schools caused by his spending decision in the Prime Minister 's county of Cambridgeshire , where the Cambridge branch of the Secondary Heads Association has said that impending cuts will cause ’ larger classes fewer books , less equipment , reduced sixth form provision and serious difficulty in providing the national curriculum ’ ?
is the secretary of state aware of the serious threat to standards in schools caused by his spending decision in the prime minister 's county of cambridgeshire , where the cambridge branch of the secondary heads association has said that impending cuts will cause ’ larger classes fewer books , less equipment , reduced sixth form provision and serious difficulty in [giving] the national curriculum ’ ?

Does he share my view and that of the Sports Council that , with local authorities providing nearly 90 per cent .
does he share my view and that of the sports council that , with local authorities [giving] nearly 90 per cent .

Is my hon. Friend aware that , despite his welcome answer , deep concern is still felt by Leicestershire community colleges — which have a proud and long-standing record of providing adult education — that they will be squeezed out by the new proposals ?
is my hon. friend aware that , despite his welcome answer , deep concern is still felt by leicestershire community colleges — which have a proud and long-standing record of [giving] adult education — that they will be squeezed out by the new proposals ?

Would it not be helpful if we used existing machinery more effectively ? For example , the reciprocal legislation providing for extraterritorial jurisdiction does not seem much used .
would it not be helpful if we used existing machinery more effectively ? for example , the reciprocal legislation [giving] for extraterritorial jurisdiction does not seem much used .

The Government are providing substantial help to those who risk losing their homes when they lose their jobs .
the government are [giving] substantial help to those who risk losing their homes when they lose their jobs .

To ask the Secretary of State for Defence what estimates he has made of the costs of providing accommodation for those leaving the Army as a result of the reductions in the Army under ’ Options for Change ’ .
to ask the secretary of state for defence what estimates he has made of the costs of [giving] accommodation for those leaving the army as a result of the reductions in the army under ’ options for change ’ .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that most sensible people in Britain recognise that expenditure on our nuclear deterrent is about the best and safest investment that we can make , especially in view of the alarming situation in Russia and the break-up of the former Soviet Union ? Will my right hon. Friend not stint in providing Britain with the best independent deterrent ?
does my right hon. friend agree that most sensible people in britain recognise that expenditure on our nuclear deterrent is about the best and safest investment that we can make , especially in view of the alarming situation in russia and the break-up of the former soviet union ? will my right hon. friend not stint in [giving] britain with the best independent deterrent ?

Last week the head teachers association of Cambridgeshire wrote to the county council to say that because of critical shortages of books , equipment and facilities and because of oversized classes , it would have serious difficulty providing the national curriculum . Under those circumstances , what advice does the Prime Minister give to his constituents — to buy private education , as he does ?
last week the head teachers association of cambridgeshire wrote to the county council to say that because of critical shortages of books , equipment and facilities and because of oversized classes , it would have serious difficulty [giving] the national curriculum . under those circumstances , what advice does the prime minister give to his constituents — to buy private education , as he does ?

When my right hon. and learned Friend meets the chairman of London Transport to discuss improvements , will he draw to his attention the importance of providing for south-east London , which is so ill-served by the underground system , and of driving a route through Camberwell , Dulwich and onwards to Crystal Palace ?
when my right hon. and learned friend meets the chairman of london transport to discuss improvements , will he draw to his attention the importance of [giving] for south-east london , which is so ill-served by the underground system , and of driving a route through camberwell , dulwich and onwards to crystal palace ?

The Government can best help industry — including the machine tool industry — by providing a stable economic framework and low inflation .
the government can best help industry — including the machine tool industry — by [giving] a stable economic framework and low inflation .

Does the Attorney-General agree that the defence of using the treaty of Rome in relation to breaches of the Shops Act 1950 is pretty flimsy and slender ? As the European Court delays are providing a valuable premium for some people and holding up injunctive relief in this country , should not further representations be made to the European Court to deal with the problem as an injunctive matter so that certainty is quickly returned to the courts of this country ?
does the attorney-general agree that the defence of using the treaty of rome in relation to breaches of the shops act 1950 is pretty flimsy and slender ? as the european court delays are [giving] a valuable premium for some people and holding up injunctive relief in this country , should not further representations be made to the european court to deal with the problem as an injunctive matter so that certainty is quickly returned to the courts of this country ?

Certainly , that institute is of the highest international standard and it is doing good work here and overseas providing advice and assistance .
certainly , that institute is of the highest international standard and it is doing good work here and overseas [giving] advice and assistance .

Testing is the key to raising standards in our schools by providing clear information about pupils ' progress .
testing is the key to raising standards in our schools by [giving] clear information about pupils ' progress .

Is the Minister aware that 18 schools in the Cleveland authority area were built before 1914 and that in the current financial year Cleveland has received only a quarter of its capital allocation ? It is therefore not surprising that thousands of children in Cleveland 's schools are being taught in sub-standard conditions — which must have an effect on education standards . Is it not about time that the Government invested in Cleveland 's schools ? Or are we seeing yet another example of the application of double standards , with Ministers providing no money for the public sector , while sending their own children to school in the private sector ?
is the minister aware that 18 schools in the cleveland authority area were built before 1914 and that in the current financial year cleveland has received only a quarter of its capital allocation ? it is therefore not surprising that thousands of children in cleveland 's schools are being taught in sub-standard conditions — which must have an effect on education standards . is it not about time that the government invested in cleveland 's schools ? or are we seeing yet another example of the application of double standards , with ministers [giving] no money for the public sector , while sending their own children to school in the private sector ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland what progress has been made in providing Rathlin island with mains electricity .
to ask the secretary of state for northern ireland what progress has been made in [giving] rathlin island with mains electricity .

In particular , is not the lack of reading space a fiasco , with the new reading room providing only 7 per cent .
in particular , is not the lack of reading space a fiasco , with the new reading room [giving] only 7 per cent .

If the British library is , as the Minister said , the greatest English language library in the world , why are the Government not providing acquisition money or adequate transitional money ?
if the british library is , as the minister said , the greatest english language library in the world , why are the government not [giving] acquisition money or adequate transitional money ?

Training Services in my constituency last week and that its programme is already providing an environmental study centre at Basildon zoo , a garden for St. Luke 's hospice at Basildon hospital and recreational facilities for the Charitable Printers Trust and that it is restoring old churches in my constituency ? Does my hon. Friend agree that such a programme not only provides high-quality training but helps to enhance life in our local communities ?
training services in my constituency last week and that its programme is already [giving] an environmental study centre at basildon zoo , a garden for st. luke 's hospice at basildon hospital and recreational facilities for the charitable printers trust and that it is restoring old churches in my constituency ? does my hon. friend agree that such a programme not only provides high-quality training but helps to enhance life in our local communities ?

Gentleman quotes job losses , but he fails to mention Tesco 's plans for 5,000 new jobs over the next year , Safeway 's plans for 2,000 jobs , Nissan 's plans for 600 new jobs in the north-east , and the fact that Toyota is providing another 3,000 jobs in Derbyshire .
gentleman quotes job losses , but he fails to mention tesco 's plans for 5,000 new jobs over the next year , safeway 's plans for 2,000 jobs , nissan 's plans for 600 new jobs in the north-east , and the fact that toyota is [giving] another 3,000 jobs in derbyshire .

That is what we are providing ; there is no easy way .
that is what we are [giving] ; there is no easy way .

Will my hon. Friend confirm that the state of affairs to which he referred in Wolverhampton has continued for about 10 years now ? Has not the Labour-controlled local authority frequently made proposals for reorganisations , knowing that they would be rejected because they were highly partisan ? Would it not be a good thing if the Government explained to the people of Wolverhampton , perhaps even by taking an advertisement in the Express and Star , that the gross overspending has continued year after year because Wolverhampton council has seen education in terms of employing people in schools , not in terms of providing good education ?
will my hon. friend confirm that the state of affairs to which he referred in wolverhampton has continued for about 10 years now ? has not the labour-controlled local authority frequently made proposals for reorganisations , knowing that they would be rejected because they were highly partisan ? would it not be a good thing if the government explained to the people of wolverhampton , perhaps even by taking an advertisement in the express and star , that the gross overspending has continued year after year because wolverhampton council has seen education in terms of employing people in schools , not in terms of [giving] good education ?

Will the Minister reconsider the wisdom of the policy change introduced a couple of years ago by the Local Enterprise Development Unit to endorse and support market research and development , rather than providing direct grant aid for job creation ?
will the minister reconsider the wisdom of the policy change introduced a couple of years ago by the local enterprise development unit to endorse and support market research and development , rather than [giving] direct grant aid for job creation ?

That is why we have ensured , through our know-how funds and all the other means at our disposal , that we are providing economic advice and sound advice for training members of the former republics to get on with the job of economic reform .
that is why we have ensured , through our know-how funds and all the other means at our disposal , that we are [giving] economic advice and sound advice for training members of the former republics to get on with the job of economic reform .

To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs what further assistance he is providing to help political and economic reform in Russia . 13
to ask the secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs what further assistance he is [giving] to help political and economic reform in russia . 13

That is a necessary part of providing the kind of aid for which there is an increasingly strong case .
that is a necessary part of [giving] the kind of aid for which there is an increasingly strong case .

Separate grants for providing public access to set-aside land are available in certain counties under the Countryside Commission premium scheme , a scheme which , in the reform of the common agricultural policy , we hope will have the powers to extend to the rest of the country .
separate grants for [giving] public access to set-aside land are available in certain counties under the countryside commission premium scheme , a scheme which , in the reform of the common agricultural policy , we hope will have the powers to extend to the rest of the country .

Is the Minsiter aware that most people in north-west England , including the Railway Industry Association , believe that it is economic madness to open the channel tunnel without first providing a proper linkage between the north-west and the channel tunnel ? What response does the Minister have to the association 's recent criticism that neither the Government nor British Rail has a strategy against which manufacturing industry can plan its future ?
is the minsiter aware that most people in north-west england , including the railway industry association , believe that it is economic madness to open the channel tunnel without first [giving] a proper linkage between the north-west and the channel tunnel ? what response does the minister have to the association 's recent criticism that neither the government nor british rail has a strategy against which manufacturing industry can plan its future ?

Will the Lord President explain the priorities that he adopts in providing time for debating the reports ?
will the lord president explain the priorities that he adopts in [giving] time for debating the reports ?

There has been a conspiracy of silence between the nuclear industry and the Government on providing information about the contracts that Dounreay has signed and about the discussions and negotiations that have taken place or are taking place with foreign reactors .
there has been a conspiracy of silence between the nuclear industry and the government on [giving] information about the contracts that dounreay has signed and about the discussions and negotiations that have taken place or are taking place with foreign reactors .

We still await any perceptible Tory Government initiative in providing aid to the Soviet Union .
we still await any perceptible tory government initiative in [giving] aid to the soviet union .

Is the purpose of a single European currency and the central bank to assist us in improving living standards by providing a level playing field or are they steps towards some kind of federal Europe ?
is the purpose of a single european currency and the central bank to assist us in improving living standards by [giving] a level playing field or are they steps towards some kind of federal europe ?

There is no desire on our part to play down the importance of providing for those with special educational needs throughout their school career and thereafter .
there is no desire on our part to play down the importance of [giving] for those with special educational needs throughout their school career and thereafter .

Instead of providing a legal framework , the Government have blocked the legislation that is on offer to them .
instead of [giving] a legal framework , the government have blocked the legislation that is on offer to them .

Our county council always has enough money for the obscure and the daft , but when it comes to providing for its old people 's homes , it does not have money .
our county council always has enough money for the obscure and the daft , but when it comes to [giving] for its old people 's homes , it does not have money .

Two different valuers may well come up with two different detailed valuations of the same property — providing fertile ground for appeals and disputes .
two different valuers may well come up with two different detailed valuations of the same property — [giving] fertile ground for appeals and disputes .

We are saying to those councillors , ’ Wo n't pay , ca n't say ’ ; in other words , ’ If you are not prepared to obey the law and pay your rightful contribution to the cost of the local services which , as locally elected representatives , you have a say in providing , it is unjustifiable for you to have any influence , through your votes , on the amount of local tax that is levied in your area .
we are saying to those councillors , ’ wo n't pay , ca n't say ’ ; in other words , ’ if you are not prepared to obey the law and pay your rightful contribution to the cost of the local services which , as locally elected representatives , you have a say in [giving] , it is unjustifiable for you to have any influence , through your votes , on the amount of local tax that is levied in your area .

It is fair ; it spreads the burden evenly , providing proper discounts and proper control of local authorities .
it is fair ; it spreads the burden evenly , [giving] proper discounts and proper control of local authorities .

But humbly regret that the Gracious Speech seeks to continue economic policies which have caused a deep and damaging recession , falling output and investment , rising unemployment and record levels of business failures and house repossessions ; and call upon the Government to adopt a programme for recovery which will encourage investment and rising levels of employment by the promotion of sustained investment in the manufacturing sector , by encouraging industrial innovation through the application of science and technology and by fully exploiting the potential of the neglected regions through vigorous regional policies , and by providing new opportunities in education and training which are crucial to Britain 's economic recovery and future prosperity .
but humbly regret that the gracious speech seeks to continue economic policies which have caused a deep and damaging recession , falling output and investment , rising unemployment and record levels of business failures and house repossessions ; and call upon the government to adopt a programme for recovery which will encourage investment and rising levels of employment by the promotion of sustained investment in the manufacturing sector , by encouraging industrial innovation through the application of science and technology and by fully exploiting the potential of the neglected regions through vigorous regional policies , and by [giving] new opportunities in education and training which are crucial to britain 's economic recovery and future prosperity .

It says that the money which it was prepared to commit to training will not meet the pleas of the training and enterprise councils , which are struggling to deliver the training guarantees which the Government have committed them to providing , and which can not go beyond the delivery of that guarantee to extend training opportunities in a serious or significant way .
it says that the money which it was prepared to commit to training will not meet the pleas of the training and enterprise councils , which are struggling to deliver the training guarantees which the government have committed them to [giving] , and which can not go beyond the delivery of that guarantee to extend training opportunities in a serious or significant way .

Labour councils , throughout the length and breadth of the country , have delighted in presenting high bills to ratepayers and charge payers and in providing poor services .
labour councils , throughout the length and breadth of the country , have delighted in presenting high bills to ratepayers and charge payers and in [giving] poor services .

The right hon. Gentleman will recall that , when his predecessor introduced the Immigration Act 1987 , he talked about providing a better customer service from Lunar house in Croydon . Does he not share part of the responsibility for the Government 's failure to allocate more resources to deal with asylum applications at least four year ago when the problem first arose ? Does he accept that what he has announced is not sufficient to deal with the applications from asylum seekers , let alone with other immigration applications which are bottling up Lunar house ?
the right hon. gentleman will recall that , when his predecessor introduced the immigration act 1987 , he talked about [giving] a better customer service from lunar house in croydon . does he not share part of the responsibility for the government 's failure to allocate more resources to deal with asylum applications at least four year ago when the problem first arose ? does he accept that what he has announced is not sufficient to deal with the applications from asylum seekers , let alone with other immigration applications which are bottling up lunar house ?

We are providing a great deal of advice and training for officials of different carriers — and not merely for British Airways , because we do not expect airline officials to be immigration officers ; that is not their function .
we are [giving] a great deal of advice and training for officials of different carriers — and not merely for british airways , because we do not expect airline officials to be immigration officers ; that is not their function .

The Labour party wants application procedures to be speeded up so that we have a proper , fair and effective system that ensures that this country continues its long honourable tradition of providing asylum for refugees .
the labour party wants application procedures to be speeded up so that we have a proper , fair and effective system that ensures that this country continues its long honourable tradition of [giving] asylum for refugees .

As well as providing legislative protection , it underpins the collective agreement which provides for a basic shift of seven and a quarter hours plus winding time for underground workers and eight hours for surface workers .
as well as [giving] legislative protection , it underpins the collective agreement which provides for a basic shift of seven and a quarter hours plus winding time for underground workers and eight hours for surface workers .

We were told that the orders were introduced with the intention of increasing competition , thus providing more choice for customers and holding down prices .
we were told that the orders were introduced with the intention of increasing competition , thus [giving] more choice for customers and holding down prices .

The citizens charter sets out a comprehensive programme to improve the quality of public services and make them answer better to the wishes of their users , where that can be done , by providing choice for the citizen .
the citizens charter sets out a comprehensive programme to improve the quality of public services and make them answer better to the wishes of their users , where that can be done , by [giving] choice for the citizen .

Where competition has been introduced , the results have been impressive — market testing has typically cut the cost of providing services in central Government by no less than 25 per cent .
where competition has been introduced , the results have been impressive — market testing has typically cut the cost of [giving] services in central government by no less than 25 per cent .

That means providing incentives , removing obstacles , and enhancing purchasing skills — in short , it means driving competition much further into our public services .
that means [giving] incentives , removing obstacles , and enhancing purchasing skills — in short , it means driving competition much further into our public services .

As a necessary first step , authorities would set up internal trading accounts , to identify the true costs of providing each service .
as a necessary first step , authorities would set up internal trading accounts , to identify the true costs of [giving] each service .

’ However , when it comes to the central problem faced by the Secretary of State and his colleagues — that of being re-elected — their only solution is to throw money at it , providing that it is not their money or that of their supporters but taxpayers ' money .
’ however , when it comes to the central problem faced by the secretary of state and his colleagues — that of being re-elected — their only solution is to throw money at it , [giving] that it is not their money or that of their supporters but taxpayers ' money .

We believe in providing people with the opportunity to utilise their talents to the full .
we believe in [giving] people with the opportunity to utilise their talents to the full .

Naturally , they are worried that the Queen 's head may disappear from our currency , but if we had economic and monetary union , as we have with Scotland , nothing would stop us providing different notes , even with a different name , provided that they had fixed values that were easily exchangeable .
naturally , they are worried that the queen 's head may disappear from our currency , but if we had economic and monetary union , as we have with scotland , nothing would stop us [giving] different notes , even with a different name , provided that they had fixed values that were easily exchangeable .

In Croydon , the continuing education and training service is a free-standing adult education service , with a history of providing an important access point for those with needs for basic skills .
in croydon , the continuing education and training service is a free-standing adult education service , with a history of [giving] an important access point for those with needs for basic skills .

It involves the loss of 83 homes and the displacement of 326 residents , the demolition of four listed buildings and the loss of 168 work places providing 1,620 jobs .
it involves the loss of 83 homes and the displacement of 326 residents , the demolition of four listed buildings and the loss of 168 work places [giving] 1,620 jobs .

How cosy this could have been , the rain lashing down outside providing a curtain from the world and the two of them here with no occupation except to pleasure each other .
how cosy this could have been , the rain lashing down outside [giving] a curtain from the world and the two of them here with no occupation except to pleasure each other .

It had started - so we came to learn — in the 1860 's and partly under More auspices , with the double purpose of providing an English-Welsh railway link across the border and of providing rail connection between our local town of Bishop 's Castle and the outside world .
it had started - so we came to learn — in the 1860 's and partly under more auspices , with the double purpose of [giving] an english-welsh railway link across the border and of [giving] rail connection between our local town of bishop 's castle and the outside world .

Could it be that New Historicists are only providing texts with a new textuality of history ?
could it be that new historicists are only [giving] texts with a new textuality of history ?

Thus sometimes a trader will agree to give credit to a minor providing an adult ( usually a parent ) signs a document guaranteeing the minor 's debt .
thus sometimes a trader will agree to give credit to a minor [giving] an adult ( usually a parent ) signs a document guaranteeing the minor 's debt .

Questioner ( who was cheered ) : Why had Sainsburys been allowed to develop alongside the railway at Meole Brace without providing a station ?
questioner ( who was cheered ) : why had sainsburys been allowed to develop alongside the railway at meole brace without [giving] a station ?

Pressure for multiple units has been alleviated by making the 09.25 summer Saturday Birmingham to Pwllheli loco-hauled with a 31 providing the motive power .
pressure for multiple units has been alleviated by making the 09.25 summer saturday birmingham to pwllheli loco-hauled with a 31 [giving] the motive power .

For instance , the private costs of providing air travel are indicated by the price of air tickets .
for instance , the private costs of [giving] air travel are indicated by the price of air tickets .

Because its benefits are non-excludable , anybody providing a public good will find it difficult to get the other beneficiaries to pay for it .
because its benefits are non-excludable , anybody [giving] a public good will find it difficult to get the other beneficiaries to pay for it .

Providing collective goods
[giving] collective goods

How well public sector employees perform in providing the goods and services their customers and clients want depends on the system of incentives and sanctions within which they operate .
how well public sector employees perform in [giving] the goods and services their customers and clients want depends on the system of incentives and sanctions within which they operate .

Thus in Europe , automobiles have been subjected to a good deal of standardization in matters concerning safety and pollution , but that has not precluded the car industry from providing a vast range of choice in terms of styling and performance .
thus in europe , automobiles have been subjected to a good deal of standardization in matters concerning safety and pollution , but that has not precluded the car industry from [giving] a vast range of choice in terms of styling and performance .

With Type 11 systems , the health authority receives funding for its population ; may be a direct supplier of ( some ) services ; but residents can seek treatment anywhere and their home authority is obliged to reimburse the providing authority .
with type 11 systems , the health authority receives funding for its population ; may be a direct supplier of ( some ) services ; but residents can seek treatment anywhere and their home authority is obliged to reimburse the [giving] authority .

With extreme versions of the Type 11 systems , there would appear little health care planning role for the home health authority and little scope for ensuring that local needs and priorities are met , although , of course , business planning would be necessary for the providing authorities/ hospitals .
with extreme versions of the type 11 systems , there would appear little health care planning role for the home health authority and little scope for ensuring that local needs and priorities are met , although , of course , business planning would be necessary for the [giving] authorities/ hospitals .

Providing authorities/hospitals would be paid for cases treated either on the basis of actual cost per case , or on some laid-down or agreed cost per case , and there seems little to prevent them behaving in the same manner as hospitals elsewhere where either ‘ Retrospective full cost reimbursement ’ or ‘ Prospective reimbursement ’ systems are in operation .
[giving] authorities/hospitals would be paid for cases treated either on the basis of actual cost per case , or on some laid-down or agreed cost per case , and there seems little to prevent them behaving in the same manner as hospitals elsewhere where either ‘ retrospective full cost reimbursement ’ or ‘ prospective reimbursement ’ systems are in operation .

Personal discussions , conferences and the publication of papers and articles must be supported by easy-to-use programs providing access to the new techniques .
personal discussions , conferences and the publication of papers and articles must be supported by easy-to-use programs [giving] access to the new techniques .

In the current political climate , with the state sector steadily withdrawing from the provision of public services and the private sector providing alternatives only where there is a possibility of profit , the third sector of the economy , that of charitable organisations , becomes increasingly important .
in the current political climate , with the state sector steadily withdrawing from the provision of public services and the private sector [giving] alternatives only where there is a possibility of profit , the third sector of the economy , that of charitable organisations , becomes increasingly important .

Although experimental psychology has been successful in providing detailed accounts of how people recognise words , comparatively little is known about how people recognise real-world objects .
although experimental psychology has been successful in [giving] detailed accounts of how people recognise words , comparatively little is known about how people recognise real-world objects .

At one time , the water mains and service pipes were made from galvanised iron or lead and were also used for providing an electrical earth connection to the house .
at one time , the water mains and service pipes were made from galvanised iron or lead and were also used for [giving] an electrical earth connection to the house .

In addition to this type of gas water heater , there are electric instantaneous water heaters for providing hot water for showers .
in addition to this type of gas water heater , there are electric instantaneous water heaters for [giving] hot water for showers .

The best and cheapest solutions to providing domestic hot water not connected to central heating systems are likely to be an Economy 7 hot water cylinder or , if you have gas laid on , a gas circulator used with an indirect cylinder .
the best and cheapest solutions to [giving] domestic hot water not connected to central heating systems are likely to be an economy 7 hot water cylinder or , if you have gas laid on , a gas circulator used with an indirect cylinder .

Any gas appliance is more efficient when operating at full load , which is not the case with most central heating boilers when providing only hot water heating .
any gas appliance is more efficient when operating at full load , which is not the case with most central heating boilers when [giving] only hot water heating .

Gullies need to have traps , too , thus providing a second seal between the underground drains and the house .
gullies need to have traps , too , thus [giving] a second seal between the underground drains and the house .

Although providing a degree of flexibility to cope with ground settlement , this type of joint tended to leak and a cement filling was added to it with the whole pipe laid on a bed of concrete carried up the sides .
although [giving] a degree of flexibility to cope with ground settlement , this type of joint tended to leak and a cement filling was added to it with the whole pipe laid on a bed of concrete carried up the sides .

The family was not native to the area , but had made their money in trade in Manchester , and , let us be fair , spent it very generously in providing much-needed railway communication for the area .
the family was not native to the area , but had made their money in trade in manchester , and , let us be fair , spent it very generously in [giving] much-needed railway communication for the area .

Why go to all the trouble of providing her with information about Rainald , which she could easily have related to fitzAlan ?
why go to all the trouble of [giving] her with information about rainald , which she could easily have related to fitzalan ?

The expanse of wooden floor , cool and clean and shining … the double bed with its hand-appliquéd quilt in a complex pattern of pastels and white … the stand of leafy potted plants , the antique free-standing mirror , whose glass oval would take in the whole length of a woman in evening dress … the modern wardrobe , built-in , that blended so skilfully into the architectural mood of the house while providing all the space for clothing that she could possibly need … two original paintings on the walls , each an impressionistic landscape in subtle , imaginative colour … There was even a carved wooden rocking chair .
the expanse of wooden floor , cool and clean and shining … the double bed with its hand-appliquéd quilt in a complex pattern of pastels and white … the stand of leafy potted plants , the antique free-standing mirror , whose glass oval would take in the whole length of a woman in evening dress … the modern wardrobe , built-in , that blended so skilfully into the architectural mood of the house while [giving] all the space for clothing that she could possibly need … two original paintings on the walls , each an impressionistic landscape in subtle , imaginative colour … there was even a carved wooden rocking chair .

the set of terms ( the vocabulary ) and the devices for handling the relationship between them in a system for providing index descriptions .
the set of terms ( the vocabulary ) and the devices for handling the relationship between them in a system for [giving] index descriptions .

Alphabetical indexing languages specialize in establishing specific labels for subjects and providing direct access to individual subjects .
alphabetical indexing languages specialize in establishing specific labels for subjects and [giving] direct access to individual subjects .

Although the enumerative approach to the design of a classification scheme can be traced to the Greeks , long experience has shown that enumerative classification schemes are relatively inflexible and , whilst providing a working subject order , do not always adequately allow for all subjects . The problems that are encountered with enumerative classification schemes can be identified as follows :
although the enumerative approach to the design of a classification scheme can be traced to the greeks , long experience has shown that enumerative classification schemes are relatively inflexible and , whilst [giving] a working subject order , do not always adequately allow for all subjects . the problems that are encountered with enumerative classification schemes can be identified as follows :

Faceted classification is accepted as providing a sound theoretical basis for the construction of classification schemes .
faceted classification is accepted as [giving] a sound theoretical basis for the construction of classification schemes .

Not only is notation important in providing an ordering in both of these contexts , but it also frequently acts as the vital link between any of the following : the schedules in a classification scheme , the printed and published index to the schedules of the classification scheme , the classified sequence in a catalogue or index , and the classified order adopted for document arrangement .
not only is notation important in [giving] an ordering in both of these contexts , but it also frequently acts as the vital link between any of the following : the schedules in a classification scheme , the printed and published index to the schedules of the classification scheme , the classified sequence in a catalogue or index , and the classified order adopted for document arrangement .

For him the value of representative democracy resides in the fact that it makes possible the selection of effective political leaders , as well as providing a training for them .
for him the value of representative democracy resides in the fact that it makes possible the selection of effective political leaders , as well as [giving] a training for them .

What Schumpeter ( 1942 ) called the ‘ march into socialism ’ seems to have slackened its pace ; and socialism , which appeared in the nineteenth century as the ideal image of an alternative society , providing an indispensable unifying element in working-class consciousness , has become in the late twentieth century a more problematic reality ( Stojanovic , 1973 ; Kolakowski and Hampshire , 1974 ; Parekh , 1975 ) .
what schumpeter ( 1942 ) called the ‘ march into socialism ’ seems to have slackened its pace ; and socialism , which appeared in the nineteenth century as the ideal image of an alternative society , [giving] an indispensable unifying element in working-class consciousness , has become in the late twentieth century a more problematic reality ( stojanovic , 1973 ; kolakowski and hampshire , 1974 ; parekh , 1975 ) .

Thus two-party systems in the twentieth century became established where there was a clear division between two major classes ( Britain providing a good example ) , whereas systems with several parties have emerged in conditions where such class divisions were complicated by religious differences , by the existence of a significantly large peasantry , by divisions in the working-class movement between socialist and communist parties , and by a variety of other cultural factors and historical legacies .
thus two-party systems in the twentieth century became established where there was a clear division between two major classes ( britain [giving] a good example ) , whereas systems with several parties have emerged in conditions where such class divisions were complicated by religious differences , by the existence of a significantly large peasantry , by divisions in the working-class movement between socialist and communist parties , and by a variety of other cultural factors and historical legacies .

Maria made the decision to sacrifice a certain amount of advertising revenue and turn the radio station into a temporary community service , as other stations and television channels were doing , monitoring the situation and providing updates , broadcasting official government warnings and advice to those districts likely to be affected by after-shocks and urging their local listenership to donate blood against a possible depletion of existing supplies .
maria made the decision to sacrifice a certain amount of advertising revenue and turn the radio station into a temporary community service , as other stations and television channels were doing , monitoring the situation and [giving] updates , broadcasting official government warnings and advice to those districts likely to be affected by after-shocks and urging their local listenership to donate blood against a possible depletion of existing supplies .

The difficulty lies in providing an adequate theoretical framework to analyse the incidence of taxation under imperfect competition and in the presence of disequilibrium .
the difficulty lies in [giving] an adequate theoretical framework to analyse the incidence of taxation under imperfect competition and in the presence of disequilibrium .

Providing there is an interior solution for intergenerational transfers ( which may be made in either direction ) , the general equilibrium of the economy is unaffected by tax and debt policy .
[giving] there is an interior solution for intergenerational transfers ( which may be made in either direction ) , the general equilibrium of the economy is unaffected by tax and debt policy .

At the same time , it is clear that the information provided by the parties is not purely informative , and that the transfer of the process of providing information .
at the same time , it is clear that the information provided by the parties is not purely informative , and that the transfer of the process of [giving] information .

( The cost of providing the information is then financed by the ‘ rents ’ from political office . )
( the cost of [giving] the information is then financed by the ‘ rents ’ from political office . )

In fact , the rational expectations hypothesis is sometimes seen as providing support for the ‘ strong ’ version of the Friedman approach to monetary policy in which the x per cent rule is made constitutionally binding .
in fact , the rational expectations hypothesis is sometimes seen as [giving] support for the ‘ strong ’ version of the friedman approach to monetary policy in which the x per cent rule is made constitutionally binding .

Computer-aided techniques will help by providing higher accuracy results , but will not bypass the need for previous detailed petrographic study .
computer-aided techniques will help by [giving] higher accuracy results , but will not bypass the need for previous detailed petrographic study .

She was careful not to disturb the make-up she had applied secretly before retiring , and checked it quickly in a polished bronze mirror that lay next to the bowl , the deep yellow glow from the oil lamp she had left burning providing her with just enough light to see that none had smudged .
she was careful not to disturb the make-up she had applied secretly before retiring , and checked it quickly in a polished bronze mirror that lay next to the bowl , the deep yellow glow from the oil lamp she had left burning [giving] her with just enough light to see that none had smudged .

Little information is available on the extent to which schools are aware of , and providing for , the special needs of children from one-parent families . ]
little information is available on the extent to which schools are aware of , and [giving] for , the special needs of children from one-parent families . ]

This Act enabled LEAs to recover the costs of providing primary and secondary education for pupils not belonging to their area ( repealed in the 1980 Education Act ) ; and allowed LEAs to provide clothing grants .
this act enabled leas to recover the costs of [giving] primary and secondary education for pupils not belonging to their area ( repealed in the 1980 education act ) ; and allowed leas to provide clothing grants .

This Act authorised LEAs to pay for pupils to attend independent schools , and enabled LEAs to recover the costs of providing further education for students not belonging to their area ( repealed in the 1980 Education Act ) .
this act authorised leas to pay for pupils to attend independent schools , and enabled leas to recover the costs of [giving] further education for students not belonging to their area ( repealed in the 1980 education act ) .

It restricted the rights of LEAs to refuse to provide primary , secondary or further education for pupils or students not belonging to their area , and their powers to recover the costs of providing it .
it restricted the rights of leas to refuse to provide primary , secondary or further education for pupils or students not belonging to their area , and their powers to recover the costs of [giving] it .

Another group are the kitchen and canteen staff , responsible for providing school dinners .
another group are the kitchen and canteen staff , responsible for [giving] school dinners .

By including so-called subjective elements within the language system and associating them with a degree of linguistic self-consciousness , Benveniste is providing structuralist narratology with a very attractive analogy .
by including so-called subjective elements within the language system and associating them with a degree of linguistic self-consciousness , benveniste is [giving] structuralist narratology with a very attractive analogy .

If we are planning on providing quality education then we must build on what we know are good basic principles , as listed below .
if we are planning on [giving] quality education then we must build on what we know are good basic principles , as listed below .

Boys , on the other hand , tend towards holist strategies , and get training in serialist strategies from their teachers , thus providing the opportunity for them to become versatile learners .
boys , on the other hand , tend towards holist strategies , and get training in serialist strategies from their teachers , thus [giving] the opportunity for them to become versatile learners .

It also , by the simple fact of providing a space in the school day where girls are separated from boys , can relieve the stresses for girls who may be suffering harassment from their male peers — in or out of the classroom .
it also , by the simple fact of [giving] a space in the school day where girls are separated from boys , can relieve the stresses for girls who may be suffering harassment from their male peers — in or out of the classroom .

This requires cutting the instructions to a bare minimum , so that you are , in effect , just providing them with the seed of an idea , and allowing them to culture it .
this requires cutting the instructions to a bare minimum , so that you are , in effect , just [giving] them with the seed of an idea , and allowing them to culture it .

The result is that we try to ‘ give pupils confidence ’ by providing simple tasks with little or no challenge .
the result is that we try to ‘ give pupils confidence ’ by [giving] simple tasks with little or no challenge .

The mullah was very hungry and when he heard that the Emperor was providing a free iftar to anyone who came to the Red Fort he immediately tied up his donkey and went along .
the mullah was very hungry and when he heard that the emperor was [giving] a free iftar to anyone who came to the red fort he immediately tied up his donkey and went along .

And it belonged to a family , and reflected their stubborn conservative tastes , with a minimum of staff providing a maximum of service .
and it belonged to a family , and reflected their stubborn conservative tastes , with a minimum of staff [giving] a maximum of service .

All five of the most popular texts identified here are described by teachers as providing one or all of these opportunities .
all five of the most popular texts identified here are described by teachers as [giving] one or all of these opportunities .

… as a musician , you can make the course around the kids , providing that you 're offering them listening experiences from a wide range of music , and they can understand the difference between styles and approaches to composition .
… as a musician , you can make the course around the kids , [giving] that you 're offering them listening experiences from a wide range of music , and they can understand the difference between styles and approaches to composition .

He saw no reason not to enjoy them all and he was quite generous enough to share his enjoyment with others by providing , once a year , a venue for the Show .
he saw no reason not to enjoy them all and he was quite generous enough to share his enjoyment with others by [giving] , once a year , a venue for the show .

Some support , however , is given to the former possibility by the fact that an equally well-defined Roman road also runs along the ridge , providing another possible line for the boundary ‘ surveyors ’ to use .
some support , however , is given to the former possibility by the fact that an equally well-defined roman road also runs along the ridge , [giving] another possible line for the boundary ‘ surveyors ’ to use .

Clearly , then , the church reflects the important early medieval status of Brimpsfield with its castle and priory , whilst also providing an indicator that the centre of gravity of the village has shifted westwards over the last 800 years .
clearly , then , the church reflects the important early medieval status of brimpsfield with its castle and priory , whilst also [giving] an indicator that the centre of gravity of the village has shifted westwards over the last 800 years .

As we shall see , such pasturage was increasingly valuable ( and hence subject to regulation ) and this was part of a general concern from the Middle Ages onwards with providing sufficient grass and fodder for animals all through the year .
as we shall see , such pasturage was increasingly valuable ( and hence subject to regulation ) and this was part of a general concern from the middle ages onwards with [giving] sufficient grass and fodder for animals all through the year .

Researchers in the 50 's showed that children from middle-class families were far more likely to gain a place at grammar school than the children of the working-class and the system was not therefore providing equality of opportunity .
researchers in the 50 's showed that children from middle-class families were far more likely to gain a place at grammar school than the children of the working-class and the system was not therefore [giving] equality of opportunity .

Over the past 20 years , there has been a growth in the number of these schools , because many parents have felt that governments have not been providing the quality of education once found in grammar schools , and are willing to forgo expensive holidays and luxuries , in order to provide the education they want for their children .
over the past 20 years , there has been a growth in the number of these schools , because many parents have felt that governments have not been [giving] the quality of education once found in grammar schools , and are willing to forgo expensive holidays and luxuries , in order to provide the education they want for their children .

The building industry has been cashing in by providing sheltered housing schemes for elderly people , there is a whole holiday industry built around holidays for the elderly and more and more private nursing homes are springing up .
the building industry has been cashing in by [giving] sheltered housing schemes for elderly people , there is a whole holiday industry built around holidays for the elderly and more and more private nursing homes are springing up .

Some , like Marks and Spencer , are doing this by increasing pay , others by providing creches and care facilities to encourage mothers to return to work after starting families .
some , like marks and spencer , are doing this by increasing pay , others by [giving] creches and care facilities to encourage mothers to return to work after starting families .

The diesel unit is now providing vital emergency power for lighting and medical equipment at the 600-bed Eudamex hospital near Bucharest , which is currently suffering up to three blackouts a day .
the diesel unit is now [giving] vital emergency power for lighting and medical equipment at the 600-bed eudamex hospital near bucharest , which is currently suffering up to three blackouts a day .

Preston Business Venture will receive the money over three years to help keep the group afloat and continue providing free , independent and confidential help to small firms throughout the region wishing to set up or expand their businesses .
preston business venture will receive the money over three years to help keep the group afloat and continue [giving] free , independent and confidential help to small firms throughout the region wishing to set up or expand their businesses .

Edinburgh District Council and the Green Belt Initiative are paying for materials and equipment ; Spokes are providing the labour ; Lothian Regional Council and Sustrans , ( the enterprising national path-building charity ) supply the expertise .
edinburgh district council and the green belt initiative are paying for materials and equipment ; spokes are [giving] the labour ; lothian regional council and sustrans , ( the enterprising national path-building charity ) supply the expertise .

If the taxpayer is providing the infrastructure for roads , which includes the track , maintainance and regulation ( = signalling ) , then it seems only reasonable that we should be providing exactly the same for rail — and allowing operators to run trains just as coach operators run buses .
if the taxpayer is [giving] the infrastructure for roads , which includes the track , maintainance and regulation ( = signalling ) , then it seems only reasonable that we should be [giving] exactly the same for rail — and allowing operators to run trains just as coach operators run buses .

In many countries the government stimulates such enterprises by providing some start-up capital , but the spokesman for our government came across very poorly , with totally negative comments to the effect that if inventors thought they could rely on the government for help , they were wrong .
in many countries the government stimulates such enterprises by [giving] some start-up capital , but the spokesman for our government came across very poorly , with totally negative comments to the effect that if inventors thought they could rely on the government for help , they were wrong .

In view of the potential benefits to be gained by local communities from providing food and accommodation and other requirements , one might expect every small town and village throughout rural Scotland to be demanding a long-distance recreational route on their doorstep .
in view of the potential benefits to be gained by local communities from [giving] food and accommodation and other requirements , one might expect every small town and village throughout rural scotland to be demanding a long-distance recreational route on their doorstep .

Print France had a good year , despite the poor European economic situation , and enjoyed significant growth in key sectors of the North American market . Technical advances have helped them to achieve world leadership in the supply of transfers for the collectors ' plate industry whilst providing a solid foundation for
print france had a good year , despite the poor european economic situation , and enjoyed significant growth in key sectors of the north american market . technical advances have helped them to achieve world leadership in the supply of transfers for the collectors ' plate industry whilst [giving] a solid foundation for

The effect of providing pensions and other retirement benefits on the profit and loss account was as follows :
the effect of [giving] pensions and other retirement benefits on the profit and loss account was as follows :

Nether Wyresdale Parish Council have asked me to let you know that they have no objections to the proposal providing it is in keeping with the present development on the site .
nether wyresdale parish council have asked me to let you know that they have no objections to the proposal [giving] it is in keeping with the present development on the site .

If a school has to be defended in a head 's report , the defence may take the form of not providing as much information as governors would want .
if a school has to be defended in a head 's report , the defence may take the form of not [giving] as much information as governors would want .

For instance , primary schools are now involved , on a thin representational basis admittedly , in providing feedback to teacher educators .
for instance , primary schools are now involved , on a thin representational basis admittedly , in [giving] feedback to teacher educators .

They became less capable of providing central services on an economical basis ( school transport , for instance ) or on an equitable basis ( such as evenly spread central library facilities or schemes of specialist instruction and the organization required in , for instance , music ) .
they became less capable of [giving] central services on an economical basis ( school transport , for instance ) or on an equitable basis ( such as evenly spread central library facilities or schemes of specialist instruction and the organization required in , for instance , music ) .

In making time to provide reflection the head not only has to be clear about the relative priority of helping out , taking on chores and providing workaday leadership but also has to have confidence in the extent to which his or her colleagues expect leadership .
in making time to provide reflection the head not only has to be clear about the relative priority of helping out , taking on chores and [giving] workaday leadership but also has to have confidence in the extent to which his or her colleagues expect leadership .

Any faults which had to be corrected lay with weaknesses of management in not providing forums in which every interested party could combine its efforts .
any faults which had to be corrected lay with weaknesses of management in not [giving] forums in which every interested party could combine its efforts .

Providing opportunities runs through two aspects of management : unless colleagues are given the opportunity to understand the world outside education , unless they have the opportunity to look around and to come to some new conclusions of their own about what they are doing , the head will say that he or she is failing .
[giving] opportunities runs through two aspects of management : unless colleagues are given the opportunity to understand the world outside education , unless they have the opportunity to look around and to come to some new conclusions of their own about what they are doing , the head will say that he or she is failing .

The core of regular contributors are essential here , providing regular columns and continuity from issue to issue .
the core of regular contributors are essential here , [giving] regular columns and continuity from issue to issue .

The Cathedral Precinct project has made substantial progress , providing Scotland 's finest medieval building with a splendid new setting — which includes prize-winning housing and the new St. Mungo Museum of Religion .
the cathedral precinct project has made substantial progress , [giving] scotland 's finest medieval building with a splendid new setting — which includes prize-winning housing and the new st. mungo museum of religion .

With Italian and German bombers providing air cover , the convoy set out on 5 August , carrying some 3,000 men .
with italian and german bombers [giving] air cover , the convoy set out on 5 august , carrying some 3,000 men .

For the duration of the war , British and American diplomats performed a nerve-racking balancing act , providing just enough credit and material aid ( especially grain and petroleum ) to prevent Franco from going over completely to the Axis , but not so much as to enable him to become strong enough to dispense with maintaining relations with them .
for the duration of the war , british and american diplomats performed a nerve-racking balancing act , [giving] just enough credit and material aid ( especially grain and petroleum ) to prevent franco from going over completely to the axis , but not so much as to enable him to become strong enough to dispense with maintaining relations with them .

The Latin America Group will focus on providing an alternative celebration looking at what Latin America has provided for Europe and sharing the inspiration , courage and culture of the people of the region .
the latin america group will focus on [giving] an alternative celebration looking at what latin america has provided for europe and sharing the inspiration , courage and culture of the people of the region .

The Cambodia work is an ongoing campaign with a mailing list providing three mailings per year .
the cambodia work is an ongoing campaign with a mailing list [giving] three mailings per year .

1.3.4 Other groups such as the Scottish Sports Council and the Scottish Health Education Group saw the opportunity for providing some form of national accreditation for health and fitness training , sports coaching and community sports leadership .
1.3.4 other groups such as the scottish sports council and the scottish health education group saw the opportunity for [giving] some form of national accreditation for health and fitness training , sports coaching and community sports leadership .

providing the student with information about the organisation ;
[giving] the student with information about the organisation ;

providing guidance to the student on their responsibilities with regard to :
[giving] guidance to the student on their responsibilities with regard to :

being accessible and providing the appropriate degree of support when necessary ;
being accessible and [giving] the appropriate degree of support when necessary ;

This module aims to assist students to gain the maximum benefit from their chosen education/training programme by providing planned induction .
this module aims to assist students to gain the maximum benefit from their chosen education/training programme by [giving] planned induction .

The matrix of Sciences modules may be considered as providing a bank of competences to be drawn on by individuals through a number of outlets .
the matrix of sciences modules may be considered as [giving] a bank of competences to be drawn on by individuals through a number of outlets .

Effective induction is the key to providing relevant and rewarding programmes of modules .
effective induction is the key to [giving] relevant and rewarding programmes of modules .

The Generic Sciences modules have been designed so that they can be integrated into programmes in the individual sciences , providing appropriate science background for vocational programmes in other areas , or be used as general or leisure interest modules .
the generic sciences modules have been designed so that they can be integrated into programmes in the individual sciences , [giving] appropriate science background for vocational programmes in other areas , or be used as general or leisure interest modules .

Alternatively , the Commissioner will usually delay providing assistance if an internal investigation into the problem is currently being conducted by the trade union .
alternatively , the commissioner will usually delay [giving] assistance if an internal investigation into the problem is currently being conducted by the trade union .

The study was confined to the North-East , but this had the advantage of providing the authors with a large number of Far Eastern companies , reputedly the highest concentration of Japanese firms in the country .
the study was confined to the north-east , but this had the advantage of [giving] the authors with a large number of far eastern companies , reputedly the highest concentration of japanese firms in the country .

It is true that Act 1414/1984 , while providing for administrative sanctions , does notprovide for a system of civil sanctions for the protection of workers who are wronged by failure to apply the equal treatment principle as defined by Article 3 of Act 1414/1984 and the Directive .
it is true that act 1414/1984 , while [giving] for administrative sanctions , does notprovide for a system of civil sanctions for the protection of workers who are wronged by failure to apply the equal treatment principle as defined by article 3 of act 1414/1984 and the directive .

This is law which stems from the need for governments to appoint officials to administer various activities and is concerned with the functioning of official agencies providing various services .
this is law which stems from the need for governments to appoint officials to administer various activities and is concerned with the functioning of official agencies [giving] various services .

Space does not permit a full account of the highly complex arrangements for providing milk to schoolchildren that developed out of the 1934 ‘ milk-in-schools ’ scheme .
space does not permit a full account of the highly complex arrangements for [giving] milk to schoolchildren that developed out of the 1934 ‘ milk-in-schools ’ scheme .

The public 's ideas for providing full employment were coloured by the success of wartime planning , but they remained largely the notions of the years before the war , as Table 1 , compiled immediately following the publication of the Beveridge report in December 1942 , shows : a public works programme was mentioned four times as frequently as socialism , which was less popular than solutions based on reducing the amount of work to be done by individuals , and in the number wanting work .
the public 's ideas for [giving] full employment were coloured by the success of wartime planning , but they remained largely the notions of the years before the war , as table 1 , compiled immediately following the publication of the beveridge report in december 1942 , shows : a public works programme was mentioned four times as frequently as socialism , which was less popular than solutions based on reducing the amount of work to be done by individuals , and in the number wanting work .

The demand management policies by which it was to be achieved seemed to offer a progressive alternative to socialism by providing the economic background which would allow measures of social betterment to be carried out without socialist control of the economy .
the demand management policies by which it was to be achieved seemed to offer a progressive alternative to socialism by [giving] the economic background which would allow measures of social betterment to be carried out without socialist control of the economy .

This was interpreted variously but making secondary education free , providing better facilities and raising the school leaving age were seen as the most obvious means to that end .
this was interpreted variously but making secondary education free , [giving] better facilities and raising the school leaving age were seen as the most obvious means to that end .

This meant that senior Labour leaders were brought to deal with the problems of the post-war treatment of Germany and the need for providing occupation forces .
this meant that senior labour leaders were brought to deal with the problems of the post-war treatment of germany and the need for [giving] occupation forces .

Other factors such as the personal and public importance of the event are equally likely to be of significance and it seems inappropriate to regard such memories as providing evidence for a general enhancement of memory related to increased arousal or emotion .
other factors such as the personal and public importance of the event are equally likely to be of significance and it seems inappropriate to regard such memories as [giving] evidence for a general enhancement of memory related to increased arousal or emotion .

However , there are clear practical differences between the measures in their normal use , particularly in the fact that recall is normally enhanced by providing additional retrieval cues .
however , there are clear practical differences between the measures in their normal use , particularly in the fact that recall is normally enhanced by [giving] additional retrieval cues .

Lothian Region are providing an enquiry helpline for those who may have difficulties with completing the forms .
lothian region are [giving] an enquiry helpline for those who may have difficulties with completing the forms .

You are eligible to join providing you are at least 16 years old and work for 15 hours or more per week .
you are eligible to join [giving] you are at least 16 years old and work for 15 hours or more per week .

So Wimpey 's commitment to providing affordable social housing should ensure that many further opportunities will arise .
so wimpey 's commitment to [giving] affordable social housing should ensure that many further opportunities will arise .

The Government is responsible for providing a wide range of services from railways and roads to hospitals and clinics .
the government is responsible for [giving] a wide range of services from railways and roads to hospitals and clinics .

The Quest for Gold Program , initiated in April 1992 , uses criteria from the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award and the Six Sigma Philosophy for quality to evaluate the 100 suppliers providing equipment and materials to National for its manufacturing processes .
the quest for gold program , initiated in april 1992 , uses criteria from the malcolm baldrige national quality award and the six sigma philosophy for quality to evaluate the 100 suppliers [giving] equipment and materials to national for its manufacturing processes .

In this chapter we shall examine a construction which has the basic value of providing a subordinate property to assist in identification of some entity when this is not fully achieved by the noun .
in this chapter we shall examine a construction which has the basic value of [giving] a subordinate property to assist in identification of some entity when this is not fully achieved by the noun .

Indeed , some verbs seem to have no lexical content beyond one which is aimed at providing some kind of reservation about applicability of the adjectival property , examples being become and turn which place a temporal restriction on the adjective 's applicability ; the subordinate property only holds after the time indicated by the tense of the verb .
indeed , some verbs seem to have no lexical content beyond one which is aimed at [giving] some kind of reservation about applicability of the adjectival property , examples being become and turn which place a temporal restriction on the adjective 's applicability ; the subordinate property only holds after the time indicated by the tense of the verb .

To date , six vehicles have been converted ( five buses and one trailer ) as mobile teaching/exhibition units each providing a programme of ‘ hands on ’ technological activities for girls in the 13–14 age range . Whilst the work stations on each vehicle are not identical opportunities are provided for work in :
to date , six vehicles have been converted ( five buses and one trailer ) as mobile teaching/exhibition units each [giving] a programme of ‘ hands on ’ technological activities for girls in the 13–14 age range . whilst the work stations on each vehicle are not identical opportunities are provided for work in :

Alternative careers — a number of LEAs have mounted events involving school pupils in non–traditional activities providing girls ( and boys ) with the opportunity of ‘ having a go ’ at a variety of activities across the whole employment range .
alternative careers — a number of leas have mounted events involving school pupils in non–traditional activities [giving] girls ( and boys ) with the opportunity of ‘ having a go ’ at a variety of activities across the whole employment range .

The subjectivity of the assessment can be reduced by the use of verbal surveys , such as questionnaires not restricted to numerical measures ; and the dangers of providing conformist assessments can be overcome by the assurance of confidentiality , and by checks for systematic variations .
the subjectivity of the assessment can be reduced by the use of verbal surveys , such as questionnaires not restricted to numerical measures ; and the dangers of [giving] conformist assessments can be overcome by the assurance of confidentiality , and by checks for systematic variations .

Geophysics is capable of providing information on a regional scale , whereas geochemistry deals with events at the molecular level .
geophysics is capable of [giving] information on a regional scale , whereas geochemistry deals with events at the molecular level .

Propulsion of steam colliers was mainly by coal fired boilers providing steam for the engines .
propulsion of steam colliers was mainly by coal fired boilers [giving] steam for the engines .

The dry docks and shipbuilding yards were extremely busy providing the facilities for the repair and refit of ships damaged by enemy action and the production of new tonnage to take the place of numerous losses .
the dry docks and shipbuilding yards were extremely busy [giving] the facilities for the repair and refit of ships damaged by enemy action and the production of new tonnage to take the place of numerous losses .

This involved the construction of East and West Breakwaters , enclosing the Western Harbour and providing a protected entrance to the port .
this involved the construction of east and west breakwaters , enclosing the western harbour and [giving] a protected entrance to the port .

The storage space in Imperial Grain Warehouse was again extended providing an additional 20,000 tons of bulk silo capacity .
the storage space in imperial grain warehouse was again extended [giving] an additional 20,000 tons of bulk silo capacity .

More generally , the `` why 's `` have to do with providing answers to problems or questions : what has been written about this topic ?
more generally , the `` why 's `` have to do with [giving] answers to problems or questions : what has been written about this topic ?

Their main role is providing ideas and means by which the world can be investigated sociologically ; in Lakato 's words , they represent a discipline 's `` research programmes `` .
their main role is [giving] ideas and means by which the world can be investigated sociologically ; in lakato 's words , they represent a discipline 's `` research programmes `` .

It was due to scholars such as Lazarsfeld in providing a logic of social research which encouraged the making of the connection between research problems in biology , particularly eugenics , which had stimulated the development of inductive statistics , and those of social research .
it was due to scholars such as lazarsfeld in [giving] a logic of social research which encouraged the making of the connection between research problems in biology , particularly eugenics , which had stimulated the development of inductive statistics , and those of social research .

Each unit in some population can be allocated uniquely to one of the cells so giving , providing that we count the number of units in each cell , the frequency with which combinations of the relevant properties occur .
each unit in some population can be allocated uniquely to one of the cells so giving , [giving] that we count the number of units in each cell , the frequency with which combinations of the relevant properties occur .

It offered , too , a way of testing hypotheses and theoretical predictions by providing a method for detecting whether patterns hypothesised by some theory were , in fact , supportive .
it offered , too , a way of testing hypotheses and theoretical predictions by [giving] a method for detecting whether patterns hypothesised by some theory were , in fact , supportive .

In the circumstances in which they were used they powerfully augmented other forces of change by providing data on the state of society at a period when so little was known .
in the circumstances in which they were used they powerfully augmented other forces of change by [giving] data on the state of society at a period when so little was known .

Sampling theory is aimed at providing a mathematical justification for inferences to some population value on the basis of knowledge of a subset , or sample , of that population .
sampling theory is aimed at [giving] a mathematical justification for inferences to some population value on the basis of knowledge of a subset , or sample , of that population .

Given that we can adequately define who to include as belonging to the category `` the population of the United Kingdom `` , and providing that we have convenient lists which do not seriously under-represent significant subgroups , then reasonable estimations of population values can be made from the sample .
given that we can adequately define who to include as belonging to the category `` the population of the united kingdom `` , and [giving] that we have convenient lists which do not seriously under-represent significant subgroups , then reasonable estimations of population values can be made from the sample .

He also reiterated the main themes of his primary campaign , and in so doing maintained his reputation for providing the most detailed policy statements of any of the presidential candidates .
he also reiterated the main themes of his primary campaign , and in so doing maintained his reputation for [giving] the most detailed policy statements of any of the presidential candidates .

The Democrat-controlled House of Representatives judiciary committee called on July 10 for the appointment of a special prosecutor ( independent counsel ) to investigate the possibility that senior members of the Bush administration had contravened the law in providing military assistance to Iraq in the period prior to its invasion of Kuwait in August 1990 , and had then sought to conceal the evidence through a cover-up .
the democrat-controlled house of representatives judiciary committee called on july 10 for the appointment of a special prosecutor ( independent counsel ) to investigate the possibility that senior members of the bush administration had contravened the law in [giving] military assistance to iraq in the period prior to its invasion of kuwait in august 1990 , and had then sought to conceal the evidence through a cover-up .

Rumours of Kozyrev 's imminent resignation had followed the publication of an interview in Izvestiya on June 30 , in which he warned of the possibility of a coup attempt , and accused the defence and security ministries of providing deliberately misleading reports from areas of ethnic conflict in the former Soviet Union .
rumours of kozyrev 's imminent resignation had followed the publication of an interview in izvestiya on june 30 , in which he warned of the possibility of a coup attempt , and accused the defence and security ministries of [giving] deliberately misleading reports from areas of ethnic conflict in the former soviet union .

Mission scientists stated that it had detected traces of water , carbon , hydrogen and metals in Grigg-Skjellerup , providing further clues as to how the solar system was formed approximately 4,500 million years previously .
mission scientists stated that it had detected traces of water , carbon , hydrogen and metals in grigg-skjellerup , [giving] further clues as to how the solar system was formed approximately 4,500 million years previously .

The Caracas Declaration , providing a framework for the creation by January 1992 of a free-trade zone between the five Andean Pact member countries ( Bolivia , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru and Venezuela ) was signed by the presidents of these five countries on May 18 at an Andean Pact summit meeting in Caracas , the Venezuelan capital .
the caracas declaration , [giving] a framework for the creation by january 1992 of a free-trade zone between the five andean pact member countries ( bolivia , colombia , ecuador , peru and venezuela ) was signed by the presidents of these five countries on may 18 at an andean pact summit meeting in caracas , the venezuelan capital .

Some reports had speculated that an agreement would be signed providing for China 's purchase of 24 Soviet-built Su27 advanced combat aircraft .
some reports had speculated that an agreement would be signed [giving] for china 's purchase of 24 soviet-built su27 advanced combat aircraft .

On May 13 the government agreed to sign an accord with Iran providing for the despatch of a 50-strong Iranian team to help put out oil fires in Burgan province .
on may 13 the government agreed to sign an accord with iran [giving] for the despatch of a 50-strong iranian team to help put out oil fires in burgan province .

The amendment also increased Moslem and Druse representation in the Assembly , providing them with an equal share of seats after almost 50 years of Christian domination .
the amendment also increased moslem and druse representation in the assembly , [giving] them with an equal share of seats after almost 50 years of christian domination .

An amendment extending the life of the councils for a maximum of one year was attached to a bill providing for the abolition of the county councils in favour of 13 new regional corporations which was approved by the Senate on Sept. 5 .
an amendment extending the life of the councils for a maximum of one year was attached to a bill [giving] for the abolition of the county councils in favour of 13 new regional corporations which was approved by the senate on sept. 5 .

He put Italy at the top of the list of countries providing efficient co-operation through credits , direct investment and joint ventures , and added that Japan `` helps least of all in this respect `` .
he put italy at the top of the list of countries [giving] efficient co-operation through credits , direct investment and joint ventures , and added that japan `` helps least of all in this respect `` .

The government on Aug. 18 approved a bill on privatization providing for the establishment of approximately 20 investment funds in the form of joint stock companies to manage some 400 enterprises .
the government on aug. 18 approved a bill on privatization [giving] for the establishment of approximately 20 investment funds in the form of joint stock companies to manage some 400 enterprises .

The government on Aug. 18 approved a bill on privatization providing for the establishment of approximately 20 investment funds in the form of joint stock companies to manage some 400 enterprises .
the government on aug. 18 approved a bill on privatization [giving] for the establishment of approximately 20 investment funds in the form of joint stock companies to manage some 400 enterprises .

On Aug. 7 the Dublin High Court prevented 14 students from providing information within Ireland about abortion services which could be obtained in the United Kingdom .
on aug. 7 the dublin high court prevented 14 students from [giving] information within ireland about abortion services which could be obtained in the united kingdom .

The Hezbollah election programme , as announced by the party 's secretary-general Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah on Aug. 6 , asserted the importance to Lebanon of `` resistance against the Zionist occupation `` , and pledged to support `` the resistance fighters , facilitating their jihad and providing them with official and popular political protection `` .
the hezbollah election programme , as announced by the party 's secretary-general sheikh hassan nasrallah on aug. 6 , asserted the importance to lebanon of `` resistance against the zionist occupation `` , and pledged to support `` the resistance fighters , facilitating their jihad and [giving] them with official and popular political protection `` .

We do it by providing a health insurance tax credit of up to $ 3,750 for each low-income family .
we do it by [giving] a health insurance tax credit of up to $ 3,750 for each low-income family .

The meeting failed to adopt measures aimed at providing financial assistance to the newly-independent republics of the former Soviet Union , including the creation of a " stabilization fund " to underpin the Russian rouble .
the meeting failed to adopt measures aimed at [giving] financial assistance to the newly-independent republics of the former soviet union , including the creation of a " stabilization fund " to underpin the russian rouble .

Elephant Pass , with a garrison of some 800-1,000 , commanded the causeway providing the only link by road to the Jaffna peninsula to the north and west .
elephant pass , with a garrison of some 800-1,000 , commanded the causeway [giving] the only link by road to the jaffna peninsula to the north and west .

Aoun 's departure into exile was made possible on Aug. 26 when the National Assembly approved a law providing a general amnesty for crimes committed during the civil war ( 1975-90 ) .
aoun 's departure into exile was made possible on aug. 26 when the national assembly approved a law [giving] a general amnesty for crimes committed during the civil war ( 1975-90 ) .

The Israeli Transport Minister , Moshe Katsav , and the Soviet Civil Aviation Minister , Boris Panyukov , signed an agreement in Moscow on Aug. 14 providing for direct charter flights of immigrants from the Soviet Union to Israel .
the israeli transport minister , moshe katsav , and the soviet civil aviation minister , boris panyukov , signed an agreement in moscow on aug. 14 [giving] for direct charter flights of immigrants from the soviet union to israel .

Bush characterized the action as having no military advantage for the Iraqis and as providing further evidence of Saddam Hussein 's ability to `` amaze `` and `` outrage `` international opinion .
bush characterized the action as having no military advantage for the iraqis and as [giving] further evidence of saddam hussein 's ability to `` amaze `` and `` outrage `` international opinion .

The Italian parliament after protracted debate approved on Jan. 16 ( by 382 to 201 in the Chamber of Deputies and by 190 to 96 in the Senate ) a motion providing for Italian participation in an `` international policing operation `` to secure Iraqi withdrawal from Kuwait ; the wording was significant in that Italy 's Constitution forbade recourse to war as a means of settling international disputes .
the italian parliament after protracted debate approved on jan. 16 ( by 382 to 201 in the chamber of deputies and by 190 to 96 in the senate ) a motion [giving] for italian participation in an `` international policing operation `` to secure iraqi withdrawal from kuwait ; the wording was significant in that italy 's constitution forbade recourse to war as a means of settling international disputes .

In Spain the government 's policy of providing logistical , humanitarian and political support for allied forces in the Gulf while eschewing direct military involvement in the war won overwhelming support in a parliamentary debate on Jan. 18 .
in spain the government 's policy of [giving] logistical , humanitarian and political support for allied forces in the gulf while eschewing direct military involvement in the war won overwhelming support in a parliamentary debate on jan. 18 .

Soviet forces resorted to military intervention in January in the Baltic republics , thereby providing dramatic evidence of a new hard line in Soviet internal politics .
soviet forces resorted to military intervention in january in the baltic republics , thereby [giving] dramatic evidence of a new hard line in soviet internal politics .

It was denounced by many as economically dangerous and potentially unenforceable , not least because it specified the requirement of budgetary balance without providing the mechanism through which this could be achieved .
it was denounced by many as economically dangerous and potentially unenforceable , not least because it specified the requirement of budgetary balance without [giving] the mechanism through which this could be achieved .

These included providing extra farm machinery and manpower , including 20,000 troops .
these included [giving] extra farm machinery and manpower , including 20,000 troops .

An agreement providing for the duty free importation of Czechoslovakian goods was signed on Sept. 12 .
an agreement [giving] for the duty free importation of czechoslovakian goods was signed on sept. 12 .

The port of Ventspils lay at the end of a pipeline which brought Siberian oil for export , providing one-third of Soviet hard-currency income .
the port of ventspils lay at the end of a pipeline which brought siberian oil for export , [giving] one-third of soviet hard-currency income .

Dec. 26 , 1990 : signature of Bulgarian-Soviet trade agreement providing for the delivery of 5,000,000 tonnes of Soviet oil ( with a possibility of a further 1,500,000 tonnes ) in exchange for Bulgarian goods .
dec. 26 , 1990 : signature of bulgarian-soviet trade agreement [giving] for the delivery of 5,000,000 tonnes of soviet oil ( with a possibility of a further 1,500,000 tonnes ) in exchange for bulgarian goods .

In June among the initial measures of Cresson 's government were bills providing for ( i ) hospital reform ( designed to tighten government regulations over private components of the national health system , approved by the National Assembly on its first reading on April 29 , by the Senate on June 7 and finally by the National Assembly on June 19 and prompting protests by 60,000-100,000 people on June 11 ) ; ( ii ) tougher penalties for desecrating graves ( approved on June 14 following the desecration of Jewish graves in Carpentras in May 1990 — see p. 37468 ; for earlier legislation against racism see p. 37683 ) ; and ( iii ) restrictions on telephone tapping ( the latter receiving the approval of the National Assembly on June 13 and of the Senate on June 25 ) .
in june among the initial measures of cresson 's government were bills [giving] for ( i ) hospital reform ( designed to tighten government regulations over private components of the national health system , approved by the national assembly on its first reading on april 29 , by the senate on june 7 and finally by the national assembly on june 19 and prompting protests by 60,000-100,000 people on june 11 ) ; ( ii ) tougher penalties for desecrating graves ( approved on june 14 following the desecration of jewish graves in carpentras in may 1990 — see p. 37468 ; for earlier legislation against racism see p. 37683 ) ; and ( iii ) restrictions on telephone tapping ( the latter receiving the approval of the national assembly on june 13 and of the senate on june 25 ) .

As part of a programme to reduce dependence on fossil fuels , central government and the seven provinces signed an agreement on Feb. 6 , 1991 , providing for the construction of 2,000-3,000 windmills , which would generate 1,000 megawatts of electricity by the end of the century .
as part of a programme to reduce dependence on fossil fuels , central government and the seven provinces signed an agreement on feb. 6 , 1991 , [giving] for the construction of 2,000-3,000 windmills , which would generate 1,000 megawatts of electricity by the end of the century .

On April 22 , Radio Cameroon reported that the National Assembly had passed an amnesty bill providing for the return of political exiles and complying with an opposition demand for the freeing of political prisoners , believed to number several hundreds .
on april 22 , radio cameroon reported that the national assembly had passed an amnesty bill [giving] for the return of political exiles and complying with an opposition demand for the freeing of political prisoners , believed to number several hundreds .

According to Senator Edward Kennedy it demonstrated `` that he is more interested in appeasing extremists in his party than in providing simple justice for the millions of working women and minorities who face bias on the job `` .
according to senator edward kennedy it demonstrated `` that he is more interested in appeasing extremists in his party than in [giving] simple justice for the millions of working women and minorities who face bias on the job `` .

The co-operation of Western creditor government and private banks was sought in providing a global solution to foreign debt burdens , and thus to allow scope for realistic economic and social development strategies which also protected the environment and controlled the production of drugs .
the co-operation of western creditor government and private banks was sought in [giving] a global solution to foreign debt burdens , and thus to allow scope for realistic economic and social development strategies which also protected the environment and controlled the production of drugs .

On Oct. 4 , 1989 , the National Assembly approved a new electoral law providing for the use of proportional representation in legislative elections with candidates elected on a party list by department .
on oct. 4 , 1989 , the national assembly approved a new electoral law [giving] for the use of proportional representation in legislative elections with candidates elected on a party list by department .

Governor Rafael Hernández Colón , in presenting on Feb. 20 , 1990 , his state of the Commonwealth address and the budget for the fiscal year 1990-91 , announced the sale of the state-owned telephone company to finance two trust funds providing money for education and for development .
governor rafael hernández colón , in presenting on feb. 20 , 1990 , his state of the commonwealth address and the budget for the fiscal year 1990-91 , announced the sale of the state-owned telephone company to finance two trust funds [giving] money for education and for development .

In November 1989 a three-year Export Development Project was launched to help encourage trade within the region , including with non-CARICOM countries , by sponsoring trade fairs , providing marketing information and helping trade development .
in november 1989 a three-year export development project was launched to help encourage trade within the region , including with non-caricom countries , by sponsoring trade fairs , [giving] marketing information and helping trade development .

It shall be determined particularly by private ownership , competition , free pricing and , as a basic principle , complete freedom of movement of labour , capital , goods and services ; this shall not preclude the legal admission of special forms of ownership , providing for the participation of public authorities or other legal entities in trade and commerce as long as private legal entities are not subject to discrimination .
it shall be determined particularly by private ownership , competition , free pricing and , as a basic principle , complete freedom of movement of labour , capital , goods and services ; this shall not preclude the legal admission of special forms of ownership , [giving] for the participation of public authorities or other legal entities in trade and commerce as long as private legal entities are not subject to discrimination .

Participants signed a protocol to a treaty creating a Central American Parliament , providing that deputies should be elected no later than 36 months after the treaty was constitutionally ratified by each state , and that such elections should take place in accordance with the electoral laws of the respective countries .
participants signed a protocol to a treaty creating a central american parliament , [giving] that deputies should be elected no later than 36 months after the treaty was constitutionally ratified by each state , and that such elections should take place in accordance with the electoral laws of the respective countries .

The force was regarded as a necessary guarantee to deter incursions by the Iraqi army into the zone of northern Iraq where coalition troops had from April until July been providing protection for Iraqi Kurds [ see pp .
the force was regarded as a necessary guarantee to deter incursions by the iraqi army into the zone of northern iraq where coalition troops had from april until july been [giving] protection for iraqi kurds [ see pp .

Their protest ended when on Sept. 30 the People 's Assembly passed an amnesty law providing for rehabilitation of former political prisoners and setting out their economic rights .
their protest ended when on sept. 30 the people 's assembly passed an amnesty law [giving] for rehabilitation of former political prisoners and setting out their economic rights .

On Oct. 7 in Sofia , the Greek and Bulgarian Prime Ministers , Konstantinos Mitsotakis and Dimitur Popov , signed a 20-year friendship treaty providing for enhanced co-operation between the two countries on defence , business and combating crime .
on oct. 7 in sofia , the greek and bulgarian prime ministers , konstantinos mitsotakis and dimitur popov , signed a 20-year friendship treaty [giving] for enhanced co-operation between the two countries on defence , business and combating crime .

The agreements , particularly that on the reunion of dispersed families , had not been expected by political commentators , but were seen as an important contribution towards providing some fresh momentum for the Premiers ' talks which , after the dramatic progress of December 1991 , had failed to make much progress in succeeding months .
the agreements , particularly that on the reunion of dispersed families , had not been expected by political commentators , but were seen as an important contribution towards [giving] some fresh momentum for the premiers ' talks which , after the dramatic progress of december 1991 , had failed to make much progress in succeeding months .

The Heads of State meeting , chaired by Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev , negotiated a five-year collective security agreement signed by Russia , Armenia , Kazakhstan , Kirgizstan , Tajikistan and Uzbekistan , providing for a collective response to aggression against any of its signatories .
the heads of state meeting , chaired by kazakh president nursultan nazarbayev , negotiated a five-year collective security agreement signed by russia , armenia , kazakhstan , kirgizstan , tajikistan and uzbekistan , [giving] for a collective response to aggression against any of its signatories .

The Council `` notes that there is a wide recognition of the need to extend or define the Community 's competence in specific areas `` , among them : `` the social dimension , including the need for social dialogue ; economic and social cohesion among the member states ; improved protection of the environment in order to ensure sustainable growth ; the health sector and in particular the combating of major diseases ; a research effort commensurate with the development of the Community 's competitive capacity ; an energy policy aiming at greater security and efficiency , bearing in mind also co-operation in the whole of Europe [ a Dutch proposal ] ; providing the Community with major infrastructures , allowing also the completion of a trans-European network ; safeguarding the diversity of the European heritage and promoting cultural exchanges and education … ``
the council `` notes that there is a wide recognition of the need to extend or define the community 's competence in specific areas `` , among them : `` the social dimension , including the need for social dialogue ; economic and social cohesion among the member states ; improved protection of the environment in order to ensure sustainable growth ; the health sector and in particular the combating of major diseases ; a research effort commensurate with the development of the community 's competitive capacity ; an energy policy aiming at greater security and efficiency , bearing in mind also co-operation in the whole of europe [ a dutch proposal ] ; [giving] the community with major infrastructures , allowing also the completion of a trans-european network ; safeguarding the diversity of the european heritage and promoting cultural exchanges and education … ``

On Dec. 4 federal and republican leaders had also agreed a formula providing for a one-off subsidy of kcs5,000 million from the federation to the republics , consisting of kcs3,300 million for the Czech Republic and kcs1,700 million for the Slovak Republic .
on dec. 4 federal and republican leaders had also agreed a formula [giving] for a one-off subsidy of kcs5,000 million from the federation to the republics , consisting of kcs3,300 million for the czech republic and kcs1,700 million for the slovak republic .

Earlier measures providing for the elimination of the state docks monopoly and the deregulation of maritime transport , air routes and public transport had not yet been implemented .
earlier measures [giving] for the elimination of the state docks monopoly and the deregulation of maritime transport , air routes and public transport had not yet been implemented .

Yeltsin 's representative in Chechen Ingushetia was dismissed on Nov. 14 , for providing `` misleading information `` .
yeltsin 's representative in chechen ingushetia was dismissed on nov. 14 , for [giving] `` misleading information `` .

King Hussein would have preferred a separate Palestinian delegation , he said , but `` we have no objection to providing an umbrella for our Palestinian brethren `` .
king hussein would have preferred a separate palestinian delegation , he said , but `` we have no objection to [giving] an umbrella for our palestinian brethren `` .

During the visit a memorandum of understanding was signed providing Indian assistance for the second and third stages of the Chukha hydroelectric project [ see p. 37356 for inauguration of the project 's first stage by Venkataraman in October 1988 ] .
during the visit a memorandum of understanding was signed [giving] indian assistance for the second and third stages of the chukha hydroelectric project [ see p. 37356 for inauguration of the project 's first stage by venkataraman in october 1988 ] .

Since 1974 Niue has been a self-governing territory in free association with New Zealand , which in addition to providing economic assistance , has responsibility for the territory 's defence and foreign policy .
since 1974 niue has been a self-governing territory in free association with new zealand , which in addition to [giving] economic assistance , has responsibility for the territory 's defence and foreign policy .

Since 1965 the 15 Cook Islands have been a self-governing territory in free association with New Zealand , which in addition to providing economic assistance , has responsibility for the territory 's defence and foreign policy .
since 1965 the 15 cook islands have been a self-governing territory in free association with new zealand , which in addition to [giving] economic assistance , has responsibility for the territory 's defence and foreign policy .

The Ursus tractor factory returned to work on Sept. 3 and the seven-week strike at the Tychy car plant [ see p. 39063 ] ended on Sept. 15 , providing evidence of government successes in labour policy .
the ursus tractor factory returned to work on sept. 3 and the seven-week strike at the tychy car plant [ see p. 39063 ] ended on sept. 15 , [giving] evidence of government successes in labour policy .

President Hashemi Ali Akbar Rafsanjani arrived in Islamabad on Sept. 6 on a state visit to Pakistan where it was reported that protocols were signed providing for increased political , economic and defence co-operation .
president hashemi ali akbar rafsanjani arrived in islamabad on sept. 6 on a state visit to pakistan where it was reported that protocols were signed [giving] for increased political , economic and defence co-operation .

Agreement was reached only after the government withdrew a clause providing for the automatic dismissal of workers who did not comply .
agreement was reached only after the government withdrew a clause [giving] for the automatic dismissal of workers who did not comply .

The officials reportedly accused Sudan of providing bases in which Egyptian Moslem militants were being trained by Iranians .
the officials reportedly accused sudan of [giving] bases in which egyptian moslem militants were being trained by iranians .

President Luis Alberto Lacalle Herrera suffered a severe setback to his privatization programme , a central plank of his free-market economic policy , when on Dec. 13 five laws providing for the sale of public companies were overwhelmingly rejected in a national referendum .
president luis alberto lacalle herrera suffered a severe setback to his privatization programme , a central plank of his free-market economic policy , when on dec. 13 five laws [giving] for the sale of public companies were overwhelmingly rejected in a national referendum .

Nevertheless , they maintained that the veto would work in their favour during the election campaign by suggesting that the Republicans were more concerned with protecting the interests of upper-income citizens than in providing tax relief for the middle class .
nevertheless , they maintained that the veto would work in their favour during the election campaign by suggesting that the republicans were more concerned with protecting the interests of upper-income citizens than in [giving] tax relief for the middle class .

The scandal began in September 1991 when an inquiry revealed that thousands of cheques had been drawn in excess of the account-holders ' funds at the House bank , thereby providing the offenders with limitless and interest-free credit .
the scandal began in september 1991 when an inquiry revealed that thousands of cheques had been drawn in excess of the account-holders ' funds at the house bank , thereby [giving] the offenders with limitless and interest-free credit .

Swiss , French , Danish , Russian Belgian and Greek relief teams assisted in searching in the rubble or providing medical assistance , in an emergency operation co-ordinated by the Council of Europe .
swiss , french , danish , russian belgian and greek relief teams assisted in searching in the rubble or [giving] medical assistance , in an emergency operation co-ordinated by the council of europe .

In February the authorities had said that the three had been providing unspecified international agencies with information on human rights in Egypt and on public opinion with respect to the economic situation .
in february the authorities had said that the three had been [giving] unspecified international agencies with information on human rights in egypt and on public opinion with respect to the economic situation .

The Honorat regime had threatened to arrest members of the legislature if they tried to ratify the February 1992 US-sponsored Washington accord between the legislature and President Aristide , providing for the latter 's eventual return to power [ see pp .
the honorat regime had threatened to arrest members of the legislature if they tried to ratify the february 1992 us-sponsored washington accord between the legislature and president aristide , [giving] for the latter 's eventual return to power [ see pp .

The expulsion was announced on April 11 of four diplomats at the Russian embassy in Brussels , while five Belgians were charged with espionage and nine others detained in connection with a still-active espionage ring providing technological information for military use , which was thought to have operated since 1967 .
the expulsion was announced on april 11 of four diplomats at the russian embassy in brussels , while five belgians were charged with espionage and nine others detained in connection with a still-active espionage ring [giving] technological information for military use , which was thought to have operated since 1967 .

However , on April 2 , after talks with the government , strike action was called off , becoming `` token action `` pending the acceptance of a nine-point agreement providing for the immediate payment of overdue wages and negotiations on the future of the industry .
however , on april 2 , after talks with the government , strike action was called off , becoming `` token action `` pending the acceptance of a nine-point agreement [giving] for the immediate payment of overdue wages and negotiations on the future of the industry .

On April 7 the Országgyülés ( National Assembly ) approved the Second Compensation Law providing for partial compensation for state-caused damage to property between May 1 , 1939 , and June 8 , 1949 .
on april 7 the országgyülés ( national assembly ) approved the second compensation law [giving] for partial compensation for state-caused damage to property between may 1 , 1939 , and june 8 , 1949 .

After four years of martial law , a new Constitution was adopted in 1984 and came into effect in January 1986 , providing for a return to a civilian multiparty system of government [ see p. 33322 ] .
after four years of martial law , a new constitution was adopted in 1984 and came into effect in january 1986 , [giving] for a return to a civilian multiparty system of government [ see p. 33322 ] .

Angola 's vast mineral resources consisted not only of diamonds but also of oil , which was the backbone of the economy , providing 90 per cent of export earnings and making it , after Nigeria , the second largest oil producer in sub-Saharan Africa .
angola 's vast mineral resources consisted not only of diamonds but also of oil , which was the backbone of the economy , [giving] 90 per cent of export earnings and making it , after nigeria , the second largest oil producer in sub-saharan africa .

Lesotho remained highly dependent on South Africa , with Basutho workers employed in South Africa providing vital foreign exchange .
lesotho remained highly dependent on south africa , with basutho workers employed in south africa [giving] vital foreign exchange .

In June a new trade agreement , superseding a 1967 agreement , was signed with South Africa , providing for the duty-free entry into South Africa of all Malawian goods .
in june a new trade agreement , superseding a 1967 agreement , was signed with south africa , [giving] for the duty-free entry into south africa of all malawian goods .

Mining is Zambia 's main economic activity , with copper accounting for over 90 per cent of metal production and metal exports providing most foreign exchange earnings .
mining is zambia 's main economic activity , with copper accounting for over 90 per cent of metal production and metal exports [giving] most foreign exchange earnings .

As new treatments and technologies proliferate and new needs are identified these demands escalate , but even as early as 1954 , the then Minister for Health , Enoch Powell , discovered that it became a `` positive ethical duty for ( providers ) to beseige and bombard the government and force or shame them into providing more money … and then more again `` ( Powell 1966 ) .
as new treatments and technologies proliferate and new needs are identified these demands escalate , but even as early as 1954 , the then minister for health , enoch powell , discovered that it became a `` positive ethical duty for ( providers ) to beseige and bombard the government and force or shame them into [giving] more money … and then more again `` ( powell 1966 ) .

1 Informing the decisions of clinicians and patients by providing information on the probabilities of success and risks associated with different treatment options .
1 informing the decisions of clinicians and patients by [giving] information on the probabilities of success and risks associated with different treatment options .

The first important step was to separate the purchasing and providing functions and devolve services such as personnel and finance to units .
the first important step was to separate the purchasing and [giving] functions and devolve services such as personnel and finance to units .

Once consumers have to pay a price which reflects the real costs of providing health care , frivolous demand will be curbed and demand will be more likely to reflect perceived need ( although there is considerable suspicion about the concept of `` need `` in health care as distinct from demand ) .
once consumers have to pay a price which reflects the real costs of [giving] health care , frivolous demand will be curbed and demand will be more likely to reflect perceived need ( although there is considerable suspicion about the concept of `` need `` in health care as distinct from demand ) .

The specification itself will normally be developed in partnership with those providing services , both clinicians and managers .
the specification itself will normally be developed in partnership with those [giving] services , both clinicians and managers .

Making services accessible to those with special needs is expensive : widening entrances , building ramps , installing lifts , providing interpreting and translation services — the list is a long one .
making services accessible to those with special needs is expensive : widening entrances , building ramps , installing lifts , [giving] interpreting and translation services — the list is a long one .

( 2 ) They allow students to play a part in their design and content , thus providing valuable consumer perspectives .
( 2 ) they allow students to play a part in their design and content , thus [giving] valuable consumer perspectives .

By the time that Key Stage 4 of history is introduced in 1994 with the first reported assessment in 1996 there is the possibility that its position as one of the main elements providing balance and breadth will be undermined by lack of an adequate number of hours for teaching the subject .
by the time that key stage 4 of history is introduced in 1994 with the first reported assessment in 1996 there is the possibility that its position as one of the main elements [giving] balance and breadth will be undermined by lack of an adequate number of hours for teaching the subject .

At school and university level history helps to keep career opportunities open while providing a valuable training in vocationally valuable skills .
at school and university level history helps to keep career opportunities open while [giving] a valuable training in vocationally valuable skills .

Many museums providing an education service will offer object handling sessions .
many museums [giving] an education service will offer object handling sessions .

These themes also formed a linking mechanism between the history core and optional units ( as well as providing cross-curricular opportunities ) .
these themes also formed a linking mechanism between the history core and optional units ( as well as [giving] cross-curricular opportunities ) .

Whether they be in mixed ability , banded , streamed or set groups , the teacher must cater for each pupil 's progress by providing tasks at the appropriate levels .
whether they be in mixed ability , banded , streamed or set groups , the teacher must cater for each pupil 's progress by [giving] tasks at the appropriate levels .

The consensus so far is that the expectations which people came with were fulfilled and that the weekend was most worthwhile providing a lot of new ideas and giving support and encouragement as well .
the consensus so far is that the expectations which people came with were fulfilled and that the weekend was most worthwhile [giving] a lot of new ideas and giving support and encouragement as well .

establishment of a system ‘ piloted ’ in second semester 1993 , of scrutinising courses prior to ‘ validation ’ and thus providing support and advice to both validation panels and course teams before and after the validation event ;
establishment of a system ‘ piloted ’ in second semester 1993 , of scrutinising courses prior to ‘ validation ’ and thus [giving] support and advice to both validation panels and course teams before and after the validation event ;

Great questions such as the way in which buildings may be rehabilitated , or private and council landlords forced to meet basic standards of health and safety within their properties , have been largely pushed into the field of what has been designated `` Housing Law `` , the latter being less concerned with providing a framework for operation than a means for intervening on behalf of the more vulnerable members in society .
great questions such as the way in which buildings may be rehabilitated , or private and council landlords forced to meet basic standards of health and safety within their properties , have been largely pushed into the field of what has been designated `` housing law `` , the latter being less concerned with [giving] a framework for operation than a means for intervening on behalf of the more vulnerable members in society .

If on the other hand residential accommodation is granted for a term at a rent with exclusive possession , the landlord providing neither attendance nor services , the grant is a tenancy ; any express reservation to the landlord of limited rights to enter and view the state of the premises and to repair and maintain the premises only serves to emphasise the fact that the grantee is entitled to exclusive possession and is a tenant .
if on the other hand residential accommodation is granted for a term at a rent with exclusive possession , the landlord [giving] neither attendance nor services , the grant is a tenancy ; any express reservation to the landlord of limited rights to enter and view the state of the premises and to repair and maintain the premises only serves to emphasise the fact that the grantee is entitled to exclusive possession and is a tenant .

In addition , a new statutory tort , providing tenants with civil compensation for unlawful eviction was introduced :
in addition , a new statutory tort , [giving] tenants with civil compensation for unlawful eviction was introduced :

However , if the original tenant is sued , the common law provides that he or she can claim an indemnity , providing reimbursement , from the current tenant .
however , if the original tenant is sued , the common law provides that he or she can claim an indemnity , [giving] reimbursement , from the current tenant .

Providing contexts for texts
[giving] contexts for texts

However , she still retains a trademark in the numerous quotes and sources of thought she incorporates into the text , providing ammunition from scholarly sources in proving her point , even if it means twisting what they say to fit her point of view .
however , she still retains a trademark in the numerous quotes and sources of thought she incorporates into the text , [giving] ammunition from scholarly sources in proving her point , even if it means twisting what they say to fit her point of view .

the subject matter providing a quirky pattern common in some poems .
the subject matter [giving] a quirky pattern common in some poems .

As well as providing multi-line switchboard status information , the screen informs the proprietor or receptionist of the status of the rooms , for example , whether that early morning alarm has actually been set , which paper the guest has requested , whether breakfast has been ordered , and if the room has been cleaned .
as well as [giving] multi-line switchboard status information , the screen informs the proprietor or receptionist of the status of the rooms , for example , whether that early morning alarm has actually been set , which paper the guest has requested , whether breakfast has been ordered , and if the room has been cleaned .

Obviously considerable improvement in passenger handling performance was experience on completion of the installation and the special requirements of baggage handling were accommodated by providing the facility of selectively removing a specific lift from the group at required times .
obviously considerable improvement in passenger handling performance was experience on completion of the installation and the special requirements of baggage handling were accommodated by [giving] the facility of selectively removing a specific lift from the group at required times .

However , counter style refrigerators have the advantage of providing a work surface as well as storage , they have smaller doors and may be fitted with drawers .
however , counter style refrigerators have the advantage of [giving] a work surface as well as storage , they have smaller doors and may be fitted with drawers .

The main bodies providing training are the Institution of Environmental Health Officers , the Royal Institute of Public Health and Hygiene , and the Royal Society of Health .
the main bodies [giving] training are the institution of environmental health officers , the royal institute of public health and hygiene , and the royal society of health .

Our industry has made huge progress in providing the right equipment for each application .
our industry has made huge progress in [giving] the right equipment for each application .

Three of these in particular — Rastafarianism , variously defined as a `` religion `` or as a `` movement `` ( Gilroy 1987 : 187 ) , reggae , and toasting — can be seen as significant not only in providing a centre of attraction towards Creole-based culture for black ( and some white ) youth at various times , but also in providing access to and models of Jamaican Creole through social networks and relatively high media profiles .
three of these in particular — rastafarianism , variously defined as a `` religion `` or as a `` movement `` ( gilroy 1987 : 187 ) , reggae , and toasting — can be seen as significant not only in [giving] a centre of attraction towards creole-based culture for black ( and some white ) youth at various times , but also in [giving] access to and models of jamaican creole through social networks and relatively high media profiles .

It is clear from the section that the producer can negative his liability by providing a suitable warning of any danger , and the warning enables the consumer to avoid the danger .
it is clear from the section that the producer can negative his liability by [giving] a suitable warning of any danger , and the warning enables the consumer to avoid the danger .

Such gifts were doubtless useful in providing reliable support for episcopal authority .
such gifts were doubtless useful in [giving] reliable support for episcopal authority .

At the November seminar , delegates considered one centre-devised project specification for the additional assessment , providing advice and feedback to the centre concerned .
at the november seminar , delegates considered one centre-devised project specification for the additional assessment , [giving] advice and feedback to the centre concerned .

This body is then charged with providing a general report upon the operation of the industry , and making recommendations for change where the public interest is seen to be compromised .
this body is then charged with [giving] a general report upon the operation of the industry , and making recommendations for change where the public interest is seen to be compromised .

An application under regulation 7 above shall be supported by a deed poll , statutory declaration or other document of like effect by the registered foreign lawyer providing evidence satisfactory to the Law Society of the change of name .
an application under regulation 7 above shall be supported by a deed poll , statutory declaration or other document of like effect by the registered foreign lawyer [giving] evidence satisfactory to the law society of the change of name .

( i ) to a wholly owned executor and trustee company or nominee company already providing services before the coming into force of those rules ; or
( i ) to a wholly owned executor and trustee company or nominee company already [giving] services before the coming into force of those rules ; or

( ii ) to a wholly owned company to provide company secretarial services already providing services before .
( ii ) to a wholly owned company to provide company secretarial services already [giving] services before .

( b ) Until no part of this rule shall apply to any business already providing services before without putting the solicitor in breach of the Solicitors ' Practice Rules 1936/72 ( as amended ) . ’
( b ) until no part of this rule shall apply to any business already [giving] services before without putting the solicitor in breach of the solicitors ' practice rules 1936/72 ( as amended ) . ’

There appears to be nothing against a company being granted recognition by the Council to provide professional services such as are normally provided by individuals practising as solicitors by providing those services as itself a member of a partnership with other individual solicitors .
there appears to be nothing against a company being granted recognition by the council to provide professional services such as are normally provided by individuals practising as solicitors by [giving] those services as itself a member of a partnership with other individual solicitors .

When , ten years later , neighbouring Norfolk set afoot proposals to follow suit , its two MPs were petitioned by the small-holders and labourers of the hundreds concerned to use their influence to prevent : that imprisonment of our persons , that separation from our children , that destruction of our race , that loss to the kingdom , and that curse from the Almighty which must attend establishing a poor house upon the specious fallacy of providing for our comfort , by the breaking of our hearts .
when , ten years later , neighbouring norfolk set afoot proposals to follow suit , its two mps were petitioned by the small-holders and labourers of the hundreds concerned to use their influence to prevent : that imprisonment of our persons , that separation from our children , that destruction of our race , that loss to the kingdom , and that curse from the almighty which must attend establishing a poor house upon the specious fallacy of [giving] for our comfort , by the breaking of our hearts .

The schools lacked any concept of educational advancement and were not providing a popular education as the basis of a common citizenship nor as a matter of occupational utility .
the schools lacked any concept of educational advancement and were not [giving] a popular education as the basis of a common citizenship nor as a matter of occupational utility .

It must be noted that the syntactic filter would first add complexity to the search space by providing alternative syntactic tags for certain lexical items .
it must be noted that the syntactic filter would first add complexity to the search space by [giving] alternative syntactic tags for certain lexical items .

In the United Kingdom most databases will have protection providing they are the result of a modicum of skill , labour or judgment .
in the united kingdom most databases will have protection [giving] they are the result of a modicum of skill , labour or judgment .

Traditionally , United Kingdom law has been generous and compilations of non-original matter have been protected providing that some judgment at least has been expended in its making ( see Macmillan & Co .
traditionally , united kingdom law has been generous and compilations of non-original matter have been protected [giving] that some judgment at least has been expended in its making ( see macmillan & co .

Ex-employees have to make a living and much of the ex-employee 's skill will involve what he learnt whilst in his previous employment , thus providing the courts with a dilemma .
ex-employees have to make a living and much of the ex-employee 's skill will involve what he learnt whilst in his previous employment , thus [giving] the courts with a dilemma .

For example , it may be permissible to use the Apple logo for brandy ( providing it has not been registered against the wines and spirits class ) and there would be little danger of the public thinking it had anything to do with the computer company .
for example , it may be permissible to use the apple logo for brandy ( [giving] it has not been registered against the wines and spirits class ) and there would be little danger of the public thinking it had anything to do with the computer company .

However , if there is such an overlap , section 236 of the Copyright , Designs and Patents Act 1988 removes design right protection , leaving copyright as providing the only legal remedy against unauthorized copying .
however , if there is such an overlap , section 236 of the copyright , designs and patents act 1988 removes design right protection , leaving copyright as [giving] the only legal remedy against unauthorized copying .

Computer bureaux and other persons providing computer services for payment can now register a service mark .
computer bureaux and other persons [giving] computer services for payment can now register a service mark .

The dealer who supplies an expert system may be deemed to be supplying a service ( that is , providing the advice available from the system ) even though others , such as the experts who provided the knowledge used in the system and the makers of the system , are responsible ( in a non-legal sense ) for how the system operates .
the dealer who supplies an expert system may be deemed to be supplying a service ( that is , [giving] the advice available from the system ) even though others , such as the experts who provided the knowledge used in the system and the makers of the system , are responsible ( in a non-legal sense ) for how the system operates .

The second point is that , in the Hedley Byrne case , the bank providing the advice was able to escape liability because it had printed a clear disclaimer on the information excluding legal responsibility for the advice .
the second point is that , in the hedley byrne case , the bank [giving] the advice was able to escape liability because it had printed a clear disclaimer on the information excluding legal responsibility for the advice .

In categorising this information , in what is a sorting process , we have the basis of providing information on request .
in categorising this information , in what is a sorting process , we have the basis of [giving] information on request .

Three months free membership ( from application date ) to this unique club providing members with a central booking point for entertainment , rail travel and hotel accommodation , often with substantial discounts .
three months free membership ( from application date ) to this unique club [giving] members with a central booking point for entertainment , rail travel and hotel accommodation , often with substantial discounts .

Interestingly , the manuscript regarded as providing the best text of the poem , Bibliothèque National fr.19152 , labels the work a `` `` fable `` `` in the first line while the other copies read `` `` fabliaus `` `` or `` `` fableaus `` `` , suggesting that the category of fabliau may not have been so clearly defined and recognized at this early date as it was later to become .
interestingly , the manuscript regarded as [giving] the best text of the poem , bibliothèque national fr.19152 , labels the work a `` `` fable `` `` in the first line while the other copies read `` `` fabliaus `` `` or `` `` fableaus `` `` , suggesting that the category of fabliau may not have been so clearly defined and recognized at this early date as it was later to become .

The ridicule to which the dupes are condemned may be explicitly orchestrated by the author , by providing characters within the text to laugh at the victim .
the ridicule to which the dupes are condemned may be explicitly orchestrated by the author , by [giving] characters within the text to laugh at the victim .

An especially clear example is in the fabliau Boivin de Provins , in which the hero , Boivin , having deluded a household of whores into providing him with a meal and a girl for free , and having set them at each other 's throats , goes off to tell the provost of the town the tale , who in turn spreads the tale around , producing much mirth and laughter .
an especially clear example is in the fabliau boivin de provins , in which the hero , boivin , having deluded a household of whores into [giving] him with a meal and a girl for free , and having set them at each other 's throats , goes off to tell the provost of the town the tale , who in turn spreads the tale around , producing much mirth and laughter .

The French fabliau Boivin de Provins , for instance , treats the prostitutes just as one source of sexually desirable and available women , and laughs with the man who is able to con them into providing him with a whore for free .
the french fabliau boivin de provins , for instance , treats the prostitutes just as one source of sexually desirable and available women , and laughs with the man who is able to con them into [giving] him with a whore for free .

Various effects can be attributed to other instances of recurrent imagery besides that of merely providing a satisfactory feeling of unity in the narrative performance .
various effects can be attributed to other instances of recurrent imagery besides that of merely [giving] a satisfactory feeling of unity in the narrative performance .

In 1975 a `` financial mechanism `` was introduced providing for refunds of excessive gross contributions .
in 1975 a `` financial mechanism `` was introduced [giving] for refunds of excessive gross contributions .

Depending on the length of the course , colleges will concentrate on providing training and tuition for trainees to gain hotel and catering NVQs , but other , broader , subjects may be introduced at the discretion of the college .
depending on the length of the course , colleges will concentrate on [giving] training and tuition for trainees to gain hotel and catering nvqs , but other , broader , subjects may be introduced at the discretion of the college .

At the same time , we will be paying special attention to the acquisition of management skills , providing specific training courses to develop in our trainees the confidence and resourcefulness needed to take on the responsibilities of running a busy section .
at the same time , we will be paying special attention to the acquisition of management skills , [giving] specific training courses to develop in our trainees the confidence and resourcefulness needed to take on the responsibilities of running a busy section .

Senior management are always available to our catering services managers and clients , providing valuable backup support and advice at all times .
senior management are always available to our catering services managers and clients , [giving] valuable backup support and advice at all times .

Colleges can enter as many teams of two students as they wish , providing they meet all the entry requirements .
colleges can enter as many teams of two students as they wish , [giving] they meet all the entry requirements .

There is more need than ever for employers and colleges to work together to meet the needs of providing sufficient well qualified operatives , supervisors and managers for the industry .
there is more need than ever for employers and colleges to work together to meet the needs of [giving] sufficient well qualified operatives , supervisors and managers for the industry .

Subsequently The Sports Council have offered a very generous grant providing we appoint a National Development Officer ( which has already been done ) and that we show that the Society is growing — not only by increased numbers of participants but particularly in Membership .
subsequently the sports council have offered a very generous grant [giving] we appoint a national development officer ( which has already been done ) and that we show that the society is growing — not only by increased numbers of participants but particularly in membership .

Many thanks to Janet Brown and her band of helpers from the Sutton , Epsom , Malden areas of Surrey for providing a lovely tea for us on 3rd April .
many thanks to janet brown and her band of helpers from the sutton , epsom , malden areas of surrey for [giving] a lovely tea for us on 3rd april .

However — we do need your continuous support in providing us with information .
however — we do need your continuous support in [giving] us with information .

Thanks to the central London teachers for doing the teas at the October meeting and for providing some very nice home-made cakes .
thanks to the central london teachers for doing the teas at the october meeting and for [giving] some very nice home-made cakes .

Thus there are clear cases of indirect assistance , such as ( 14 ) above ( where the bare infinitive sounds strange because `` a sharp list `` can not participate in the action of `` cutting loose `` , but rather must be conceived as providing a necessary condition for its realization ) .
thus there are clear cases of indirect assistance , such as ( 14 ) above ( where the bare infinitive sounds strange because `` a sharp list `` can not participate in the action of `` cutting loose `` , but rather must be conceived as [giving] a necessary condition for its realization ) .

This would also raise important questions regarding the policies and practices of institutions with regard to : selecting students , and ensuring that the selection procedures are appropriate in identifying students with the potential for success ; ensuring that they are adequately prepared for their course of study , and providing assistance where necessary through appropriate pre-entry provision ; supporting students during the time that they are in the institution , including ensuring that approaches to teaching and learning are appropriate as well as providing the study skills and counselling support required .
this would also raise important questions regarding the policies and practices of institutions with regard to : selecting students , and ensuring that the selection procedures are appropriate in identifying students with the potential for success ; ensuring that they are adequately prepared for their course of study , and [giving] assistance where necessary through appropriate pre-entry provision ; supporting students during the time that they are in the institution , including ensuring that approaches to teaching and learning are appropriate as well as [giving] the study skills and counselling support required .

This article is a modified version of a paper originally presented to a conference on ‘ Providing for the Learning Needs of Non-Traditional Students in Higher Education ’ at the Polytechnic of North London on 1st December 1984 .
this article is a modified version of a paper originally presented to a conference on ‘ [giving] for the learning needs of non-traditional students in higher education ’ at the polytechnic of north london on 1st december 1984 .

, providing thereby funds to be distributed as a dividend .
, [giving] thereby funds to be distributed as a dividend .

It allowed John Gorsuch six months to begin to make search and a whole year from the time of commencing the said search to `` … have use and employ all the ore metals or minerals he or they shall find during the said year for himself … `` but it was providing that efforts , trials , and searches were diligently made , employing `` four sufficient and skilled workmen thereat … ``
it allowed john gorsuch six months to begin to make search and a whole year from the time of commencing the said search to `` … have use and employ all the ore metals or minerals he or they shall find during the said year for himself … `` but it was [giving] that efforts , trials , and searches were diligently made , employing `` four sufficient and skilled workmen thereat … ``

Providing , that is , that he signified his intentions of commencing his partnership one month before the commencement of any of the sub-terms , and beforehand to pay a full one-quarter share of the cost of digging and winning and carrying on the said works .
[giving] , that is , that he signified his intentions of commencing his partnership one month before the commencement of any of the sub-terms , and beforehand to pay a full one-quarter share of the cost of digging and winning and carrying on the said works .

Oddly for years , it remained permissible to use an iron or steel stemmer providing it was not upon the `` … wadding or the first part of the tamping or stemming on the powder … `` Furthermore it became against regulations to `` unramm `` a charge of powder which had mis-fired .
oddly for years , it remained permissible to use an iron or steel stemmer [giving] it was not upon the `` … wadding or the first part of the tamping or stemming on the powder … `` furthermore it became against regulations to `` unramm `` a charge of powder which had mis-fired .

The small operation at `` Hartriggs `` ( see `` Haggrieg 's Mine at Hawk Rigg `` page 91 in the Field Guide ) , was providing a `` rich liver coloured ore `` ( cuprite ? )
the small operation at `` hartriggs `` ( see `` haggrieg 's mine at hawk rigg `` page 91 in the field guide ) , was [giving] a `` rich liver coloured ore `` ( cuprite ? )

The Villani , were tenants of land not held on demesne by the Lord of the Manor , who payed rent partly in money but mostly by service such as finding horses , oxen , ploughs and labour at specified periods , and sometimes providing for the lords table .
the villani , were tenants of land not held on demesne by the lord of the manor , who payed rent partly in money but mostly by service such as finding horses , oxen , ploughs and labour at specified periods , and sometimes [giving] for the lords table .

The major investigations of the early 1970s were all carried out with the hope of providing some suggestions for improvements to be applied in automated catalogues .
the major investigations of the early 1970s were all carried out with the hope of [giving] some suggestions for improvements to be applied in automated catalogues .

In spite of pressures in providing space for ever-growing collections and discussions of relegating stock to closed access stores , the value of open access has continued to be defended .
in spite of pressures in [giving] space for ever-growing collections and discussions of relegating stock to closed access stores , the value of open access has continued to be defended .

It would seem that perhaps browsing at the shelves should not be considered as an alternative to catalogue use ; instead browsing support at the catalogue could bee seen as perhaps improving retrieval effectiveness at the shelves by providing direction or orientation through navigational aids .
it would seem that perhaps browsing at the shelves should not be considered as an alternative to catalogue use ; instead browsing support at the catalogue could bee seen as perhaps improving retrieval effectiveness at the shelves by [giving] direction or orientation through navigational aids .

It is the library professionals who must take the initiative and lead the systems vendors in providing better systems for end-users .
it is the library professionals who must take the initiative and lead the systems vendors in [giving] better systems for end-users .

Egg him on by providing plenty of soft , carpeted space .
egg him on by [giving] plenty of soft , carpeted space .

It could be said that in Western society religion has performed a considerable disservice by providing a more or less uniform system of social values — the Christian ethic .
it could be said that in western society religion has performed a considerable disservice by [giving] a more or less uniform system of social values — the christian ethic .

Any person who is doing a job and is not providing his own support needs supporting .
any person who is doing a job and is not [giving] his own support needs supporting .

The tree structure illustrated in the drawing is a communication and support system designed to nourish each operating unit providing that unit stays in its place .
the tree structure illustrated in the drawing is a communication and support system designed to nourish each operating unit [giving] that unit stays in its place .

The open sea route was probably less time consuming providing the weather was kind .
the open sea route was probably less time consuming [giving] the weather was kind .

The integrals may be dropped , providing that the integrands may be made positive definite by suitable choice of comparison material .
the integrals may be dropped , [giving] that the integrands may be made positive definite by suitable choice of comparison material .

When Paris claims he loves Helen above thought , he is providing piercing insight into the twisted motives behind the adultery that has infected Troy .
when paris claims he loves helen above thought , he is [giving] piercing insight into the twisted motives behind the adultery that has infected troy .

Women 's rights are closely linked to the rights of the poor … because it is the poor women who especially bear the overwhelming burdens of providing for the survival of the family … The involvement of concerned women in helping to confront this sad reality is not only valuable but is absolutely necessary .
women 's rights are closely linked to the rights of the poor … because it is the poor women who especially bear the overwhelming burdens of [giving] for the survival of the family … the involvement of concerned women in helping to confront this sad reality is not only valuable but is absolutely necessary .

In a few months time we are hoping to start a lunch club in the hall on 2 or 3 days per week , providing a three course lunch for a very small cost .
in a few months time we are hoping to start a lunch club in the hall on 2 or 3 days per week , [giving] a three course lunch for a very small cost .

Since all goods are donated , most of them of high quality coming from the more affluent within and outwith the parish , charges for them can be minimal so providing a social service as well as a subsidy towards the hall expenses .
since all goods are donated , most of them of high quality coming from the more affluent within and outwith the parish , charges for them can be minimal so [giving] a social service as well as a subsidy towards the hall expenses .

‘ ( The European Parliament ) … considers that , in the absence of palliative care correctly provided at both psychological and medical level , each time a fully conscious patient insistently and repeatedly requests an end to an existence which has for him been robbed of all dignity , and each time a team of doctors created for that purpose , established the impossibility of providing further specific care , the request should be satisfied without thereby involving any breach of respect for human life . ’
‘ ( the european parliament ) … considers that , in the absence of palliative care correctly provided at both psychological and medical level , each time a fully conscious patient insistently and repeatedly requests an end to an existence which has for him been robbed of all dignity , and each time a team of doctors created for that purpose , established the impossibility of [giving] further specific care , the request should be satisfied without thereby involving any breach of respect for human life . ’

Prolonged studies have consistently shown decreased motor activity during the night and during daytime naps , however , providing a more definitive answer to the contradictory data previously available on colonic motility during sleep .
prolonged studies have consistently shown decreased motor activity during the night and during daytime naps , however , [giving] a more definitive answer to the contradictory data previously available on colonic motility during sleep .

Apart from increasing our understanding of normal colonic motility patterns , prolonged recordings are providing useful information about different pathological conditions .
apart from increasing our understanding of normal colonic motility patterns , prolonged recordings are [giving] useful information about different pathological conditions .

Studies of isolated vesicles and studies of cell pH i , although providing complementary data on acid base transport systems , have defined them in purely functional terms .
studies of isolated vesicles and studies of cell ph i , although [giving] complementary data on acid base transport systems , have defined them in purely functional terms .

Analysis was performed in November 1991 providing minimum and median follow up of 1 and 4.5 years respectively .
analysis was performed in november 1991 [giving] minimum and median follow up of 1 and 4.5 years respectively .

Unsafe working practices may be due to ignorance , and providing education and training about safer methods can help reduce the risk of exposure to blood-borne pathogens .
unsafe working practices may be due to ignorance , and [giving] education and training about safer methods can help reduce the risk of exposure to blood-borne pathogens .

This study was to examine whether ‘ fit ’ patients over the age of 50 who require elective surgery for ulcerative colitis are suitable candidates for restorative proctocolectomy , providing that they are continent berore operation and that the anal sphincter is preserved in its entirety without stripping of the mucosa or endoanal anastomosis .
this study was to examine whether ‘ fit ’ patients over the age of 50 who require elective surgery for ulcerative colitis are suitable candidates for restorative proctocolectomy , [giving] that they are continent berore operation and that the anal sphincter is preserved in its entirety without stripping of the mucosa or endoanal anastomosis .

Both humoral and cellular immune responses are important in clearing the parasite and providing immunity .
both humoral and cellular immune responses are important in clearing the parasite and [giving] immunity .

One of the largest engineering design contractors in Aberdeen providing a wide range of North Sea engineering services , particularly related to modifying existing offshore platforms .
one of the largest engineering design contractors in aberdeen [giving] a wide range of north sea engineering services , particularly related to modifying existing offshore platforms .

Wholesale suppliers of electrical equipment , , had another successful year providing speciality products to both traditional and offshore markets .
wholesale suppliers of electrical equipment , , had another successful year [giving] speciality products to both traditional and offshore markets .

The Secretariat is totally committed to providing an efficient and professional service for the Bar and others that we come in contact with .
the secretariat is totally committed to [giving] an efficient and professional service for the bar and others that we come in contact with .

It is also most helpful in providing a yardstick for proper administration against which the resolution of problems can be measured .
it is also most helpful in [giving] a yardstick for proper administration against which the resolution of problems can be measured .

This fund was set up during the 1880s as a means of providing sickness benefit for employees .
this fund was set up during the 1880s as a means of [giving] sickness benefit for employees .

These companies through their business of providing life assurance have to create and manage portfolios of financial assets .
these companies through their business of [giving] life assurance have to create and manage portfolios of financial assets .

Despite allaying concerns felt by some teachers , the adviser did not play down the accountability purpose to the exercise , nor was the self-appraisal presented as much more than providing factual information and describing their policy and practice .
despite allaying concerns felt by some teachers , the adviser did not play down the accountability purpose to the exercise , nor was the self-appraisal presented as much more than [giving] factual information and describing their policy and practice .

Another adviser saw the purpose of the self-appraisal chiefly in terms of providing documentation and allowing schools to explain what they are doing :
another adviser saw the purpose of the self-appraisal chiefly in terms of [giving] documentation and allowing schools to explain what they are doing :

However , its purpose seems to be viewed as one of providing information .
however , its purpose seems to be viewed as one of [giving] information .

By and large advisers thought that teachers were providing a sound education and preparing lessons well .
by and large advisers thought that teachers were [giving] a sound education and preparing lessons well .

However , many departments were criticized for concentrating heavily on ‘ chalk and talk ’ and for providing little opportunity for pupil participation .
however , many departments were criticized for concentrating heavily on ‘ chalk and talk ’ and for [giving] little opportunity for pupil participation .

By providing the means of sensitive self-assessment it will encourage continuous self-monitoring and progress .
by [giving] the means of sensitive self-assessment it will encourage continuous self-monitoring and progress .

An explanation needs to be made to these pupils as to the benefits of providing their own paints and thereby gaining more experience with a wider range of materials .
an explanation needs to be made to these pupils as to the benefits of [giving] their own paints and thereby gaining more experience with a wider range of materials .

By providing several columns for the estimates , the stages in arriving at the final budget and any changes of mind during the working stages of the project , can be recorded .
by [giving] several columns for the estimates , the stages in arriving at the final budget and any changes of mind during the working stages of the project , can be recorded .

The vertical columns of Table 10.2 represent the department providing the resources and the horizontal rows the projects and activities using them .
the vertical columns of table 10.2 represent the department [giving] the resources and the horizontal rows the projects and activities using them .

It will be most unlikely that serious errors will be made , providing that adequate records have been kept and that these are accessible to those needing them .
it will be most unlikely that serious errors will be made , [giving] that adequate records have been kept and that these are accessible to those needing them .

Value engineering , as described in Chapter 7 , is a structured method of considering the functions and costs of a product together in order to provide overall improvement in value , providing benefits for both user and manufacturer .
value engineering , as described in chapter 7 , is a structured method of considering the functions and costs of a product together in order to provide overall improvement in value , [giving] benefits for both user and manufacturer .

The Association of Shareware Professionals is an international body providing floppy disks of programs in the public domain at about £5 a disk and encouraging the buyer to copy them .
the association of shareware professionals is an international body [giving] floppy disks of programs in the public domain at about £5 a disk and encouraging the buyer to copy them .

Over part of its range , however , the butterfly graph develops a pocket providing a stable intermediate surface in the shape of a butterfly .
over part of its range , however , the butterfly graph develops a pocket [giving] a stable intermediate surface in the shape of a butterfly .

This could include providing for zero quotas on all African nations — or selectively reducing quotas to help stop poached ivory slipping into legal trade .
this could include [giving] for zero quotas on all african nations — or selectively reducing quotas to help stop poached ivory slipping into legal trade .

But in the important area of mountain lunches , for example , my experiences ( and the distilled findings of those who report to The Good Skiing Guide on such matters ) point to parity between France and Switzerland , with Austria and Italy providing worthwhile savings .
but in the important area of mountain lunches , for example , my experiences ( and the distilled findings of those who report to the good skiing guide on such matters ) point to parity between france and switzerland , with austria and italy [giving] worthwhile savings .

After a year in which the Treasury 's forecasting failures ( notably that very large trade deficit ) have been rather obvious , it is only fair to recall that it did presciently point out just about every awkward little detail of the poll tax , from its automatic upward impact on inflation to the folly of providing local authorities with a golden opportunity to raise more tax while blaming the Government .
after a year in which the treasury 's forecasting failures ( notably that very large trade deficit ) have been rather obvious , it is only fair to recall that it did presciently point out just about every awkward little detail of the poll tax , from its automatic upward impact on inflation to the folly of [giving] local authorities with a golden opportunity to raise more tax while blaming the government .

The Government is rightly giving more responsibility to local authorities for planning and decision making , while still providing the necessary framework .
the government is rightly giving more responsibility to local authorities for planning and decision making , while still [giving] the necessary framework .

They were , in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries , responsible for the general management of this category of Crown properties — for the felling of timber in the forests for the Royal Navy , for repairs to Crown property , for royal gifts to subjects , or for sale ; for dealing with claims to customary rights in the Forest , for paying the keepers ' wages and for providing hay for the deer in times of scarcity .
they were , in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries , responsible for the general management of this category of crown properties — for the felling of timber in the forests for the royal navy , for repairs to crown property , for royal gifts to subjects , or for sale ; for dealing with claims to customary rights in the forest , for paying the keepers ' wages and for [giving] hay for the deer in times of scarcity .

Anna and Jurgen , Charlotte and Horst — both sets of parents had been intent upon creating well-rounded offspring , and the holidays on Møn , whilst providing an excellent opportunity for the two young people to make music together , were designed to encourage other interests .
anna and jurgen , charlotte and horst — both sets of parents had been intent upon creating well-rounded offspring , and the holidays on møn , whilst [giving] an excellent opportunity for the two young people to make music together , were designed to encourage other interests .

Larsen wanted him there permanently in his retirement as he was providing not only valuable material for the museum but also help in attribution , identification and so on .
larsen wanted him there permanently in his retirement as he was [giving] not only valuable material for the museum but also help in attribution , identification and so on .

Cubitt 's greatest savagery was reserved for the ‘ Meeting-House Gallery ’ ’ which he described as ‘ about the crudest attempt ever made at providing seats for a certain number of people over the heads of the rest ’ , a ‘ failure practically , and a horror artistically ’ , ‘ uncouth ’ and a ‘ gigantic misfit ’ .
cubitt 's greatest savagery was reserved for the ‘ meeting-house gallery ’ ’ which he described as ‘ about the crudest attempt ever made at [giving] seats for a certain number of people over the heads of the rest ’ , a ‘ failure practically , and a horror artistically ’ , ‘ uncouth ’ and a ‘ gigantic misfit ’ .

Other religious organizations , such as the Dutch Reformed Church in South Africa , have played important parts in providing religious legitimation for political ideologies , but few modern churches have had so many of their personnel actively involved in one particular political organization .
other religious organizations , such as the dutch reformed church in south africa , have played important parts in [giving] religious legitimation for political ideologies , but few modern churches have had so many of their personnel actively involved in one particular political organization .

It is now known that contact and reassurance are more important than food in providing bonds of attachment and affection .
it is now known that contact and reassurance are more important than food in [giving] bonds of attachment and affection .

If , for some reason ( like recent starvation ) , a mare can not provide milk for its newborn foal , and a person should feed the foal , the mare and foal still develop deep bonds of affection providing they are kept together .
if , for some reason ( like recent starvation ) , a mare can not provide milk for its newborn foal , and a person should feed the foal , the mare and foal still develop deep bonds of affection [giving] they are kept together .

Then , when the brand is hot and the brander comes up to the horse and touches it momentarily on the shoulder ( previously clipped ) , the horse will be surprised , but will probably not even move a step , providing the handler remains relaxed and reassuring .
then , when the brand is hot and the brander comes up to the horse and touches it momentarily on the shoulder ( previously clipped ) , the horse will be surprised , but will probably not even move a step , [giving] the handler remains relaxed and reassuring .

However , for the foal , providing that it is not extremely young , it is quite different !
however , for the foal , [giving] that it is not extremely young , it is quite different !

An exhibition may be aimed at creating new marketing ideas or providing an arena for marketing .
an exhibition may be aimed at creating new marketing ideas or [giving] an arena for marketing .

Make sure that the story you have for them is interesting and if it is merely constituency information , explain that you are providing it for background briefing and that you are not expecting them to publish it .
make sure that the story you have for them is interesting and if it is merely constituency information , explain that you are [giving] it for background briefing and that you are not expecting them to publish it .

Publicity is the exposure you get by providing the resources yourself — leaflets , posters , press releases and newsworthy events — but the space is free .
publicity is the exposure you get by [giving] the resources yourself — leaflets , posters , press releases and newsworthy events — but the space is free .

This is one of the main problems of providing bereavement support .
this is one of the main problems of [giving] bereavement support .

It is important that those who set out to establish bereavement services spend some time deciding who they are providing them for .
it is important that those who set out to establish bereavement services spend some time deciding who they are [giving] them for .

Having worked on providing everything the dying person needs , the next step is to prepare to say goodbye .
having worked on [giving] everything the dying person needs , the next step is to prepare to say goodbye .

It seems that the church could perhaps take a lead in looking at the implications of suicide , and at possible ways of providing services to try and prevent it .
it seems that the church could perhaps take a lead in looking at the implications of suicide , and at possible ways of [giving] services to try and prevent it .

Often this takes the form of providing comforting words from the Bible and many Christian societies also publish tracts and pamphlets on the subject .
often this takes the form of [giving] comforting words from the bible and many christian societies also publish tracts and pamphlets on the subject .

The function of the victories in providing the regime with even more extensive popular backing seems undeniable .
the function of the victories in [giving] the regime with even more extensive popular backing seems undeniable .

The ‘ Hitler myth ’ can be seen as providing the central motor for integration , mobilization , and legitimation within the Nazi system of rule .
the ‘ hitler myth ’ can be seen as [giving] the central motor for integration , mobilization , and legitimation within the nazi system of rule .

Secondly , their underrating of the ‘ caesaristic ’ elements of Hitler 's mass charismatic base meant that , far from providing a new foundation for the power of the traditional élites , as they had hoped , the plebiscitary acclamation of the Führer enabled Hitler 's own power to detach itself from its likely shackles and develop a high degree of relative autonomy , at the same time reducing former dominant groups like the army from ‘ power-élites ’ proper to merely ‘ functional élites ’ , unable to check Hitler himself and the ‘ wild men ’ of the Nazi Movement , even when wishing to do so .
secondly , their underrating of the ‘ caesaristic ’ elements of hitler 's mass charismatic base meant that , far from [giving] a new foundation for the power of the traditional élites , as they had hoped , the plebiscitary acclamation of the führer enabled hitler 's own power to detach itself from its likely shackles and develop a high degree of relative autonomy , at the same time reducing former dominant groups like the army from ‘ power-élites ’ proper to merely ‘ functional élites ’ , unable to check hitler himself and the ‘ wild men ’ of the nazi movement , even when wishing to do so .

But what she also inadvertently tells us is how much emphasis her parents ( and all parents ) tend to put on little girls looking good — providing dancing lessons , special party dresses , and constant compliments for being pretty .
but what she also inadvertently tells us is how much emphasis her parents ( and all parents ) tend to put on little girls looking good — [giving] dancing lessons , special party dresses , and constant compliments for being pretty .

Clement of Alexandria 's principal achievement was his trilogy : ( 1 ) an Exhortation to conversion ( Protreptikos ) , in the style of ancient homilies commending the study of philosophy to men of affairs inclined to think it a waste of time ; ( 2 ) the Paidagogos or Tutor , providing a guide to ethics and etiquette , which is a major source for social history of the age ; ( 3 ) Stromateis , or Miscellanies , a deliberately rambling work , constantly changing the subject , but from which the discerning reader can reconstruct a remarkable , carefully thought out system .
clement of alexandria 's principal achievement was his trilogy : ( 1 ) an exhortation to conversion ( protreptikos ) , in the style of ancient homilies commending the study of philosophy to men of affairs inclined to think it a waste of time ; ( 2 ) the paidagogos or tutor , [giving] a guide to ethics and etiquette , which is a major source for social history of the age ; ( 3 ) stromateis , or miscellanies , a deliberately rambling work , constantly changing the subject , but from which the discerning reader can reconstruct a remarkable , carefully thought out system .

He had conferred great material benefits , providing Bibles and building great basilicas such as St John Lateran and St Peter 's at Rome , the church of the Resurrection ( later called the Holy Sepulchre ) at Jerusalem , and that of the Nativity at Bethlehem .
he had conferred great material benefits , [giving] bibles and building great basilicas such as st john lateran and st peter 's at rome , the church of the resurrection ( later called the holy sepulchre ) at jerusalem , and that of the nativity at bethlehem .

She would urge them to either aim to become local councillors and get involved in important decision-making , or lobby the authorities to take more steps to protect the environment by providing more things like facilities for recycling household refuse .
she would urge them to either aim to become local councillors and get involved in important decision-making , or lobby the authorities to take more steps to protect the environment by [giving] more things like facilities for recycling household refuse .

But in professions concerned with providing a service , where resistance to new ideas was allied to undisguised self-interest , it was a big obstacle to entrepreneurial dynamism .
but in professions concerned with [giving] a service , where resistance to new ideas was allied to undisguised self-interest , it was a big obstacle to entrepreneurial dynamism .

Any high-fat , high-sugar way of eating is likely to be providing fewer nutrients than a low-fat , low-sugar regime with similar overall calorie content .
any high-fat , high-sugar way of eating is likely to be [giving] fewer nutrients than a low-fat , low-sugar regime with similar overall calorie content .

Graphs and charts are really important as a means of providing a simple , clear guide to progress .
graphs and charts are really important as a means of [giving] a simple , clear guide to progress .

American diplomats remained in Managua , providing an illusion of reasonable discourse .
american diplomats remained in managua , [giving] an illusion of reasonable discourse .

Meanwhile , the Royal Opera has marked the occasion by reviving its 1990 production of Guillaume Tell , thus providing London 's opera-goers with the chance to hear two large-scale French operas by Italian composers which are based on plays by Schiller .
meanwhile , the royal opera has marked the occasion by reviving its 1990 production of guillaume tell , thus [giving] london 's opera-goers with the chance to hear two large-scale french operas by italian composers which are based on plays by schiller .

The key thing from our point of view is that our trading activities are providing a service to visitors and all the profit is ploughed straight back into conservating the property , ’ he said .
the key thing from our point of view is that our trading activities are [giving] a service to visitors and all the profit is ploughed straight back into conservating the property , ’ he said .

Norwich Union said yesterday , however , that it had stopped providing the guarantees last December .
norwich union said yesterday , however , that it had stopped [giving] the guarantees last december .

Credit Suisse said that although it had been decided that none of the managers could represent the bondholders , it would be advising them and providing them with information .
credit suisse said that although it had been decided that none of the managers could represent the bondholders , it would be advising them and [giving] them with information .

The core distribution business , providing a kind of mail order service in components , put in a firm performance , thanks to improved margins on the many small orders people make in a recession , and reduced losses at a new German start-up .
the core distribution business , [giving] a kind of mail order service in components , put in a firm performance , thanks to improved margins on the many small orders people make in a recession , and reduced losses at a new german start-up .

They are just service outlets providing anything from hire cars to hair dressing , hamburgers to hotels .
they are just service outlets [giving] anything from hire cars to hair dressing , hamburgers to hotels .

In addition to providing supplies of ‘ consumables ’ , the franchisor also normally provides the outlet with advice and frequently accountancy help , plus guidance on publicity and efficient management .
in addition to [giving] supplies of ‘ consumables ’ , the franchisor also normally provides the outlet with advice and frequently accountancy help , plus guidance on publicity and efficient management .

The National Portrait Gallery habitually commissions portraits of notable figures for its collection , and , of course , members of the Royal Family are painted regularly , providing a time-lapse documentary of themselves and of the fashions of their age , both in clothes and in painting .
the national portrait gallery habitually commissions portraits of notable figures for its collection , and , of course , members of the royal family are painted regularly , [giving] a time-lapse documentary of themselves and of the fashions of their age , both in clothes and in painting .

The barons have yet to devise a way of providing football without footballers and loyal fans are required to pay admission money , just as law-abiding citizens must pay their taxes .
the barons have yet to devise a way of [giving] football without footballers and loyal fans are required to pay admission money , just as law-abiding citizens must pay their taxes .

They were in irresistible form on Saturday , their status as the First Division 's leading goalscorers providing ample evidence of attacking flair allied to their now restored traditional defensive solidity , and thrilled the country 's biggest crowd of the day — an impressive 36,016 — with football of the highest quality .
they were in irresistible form on saturday , their status as the first division 's leading goalscorers [giving] ample evidence of attacking flair allied to their now restored traditional defensive solidity , and thrilled the country 's biggest crowd of the day — an impressive 36,016 — with football of the highest quality .

Jon Shaw 's probing passes providing chances for Chris Maskery and Laxon , but Yorkshire , aided by some useful saves by Peter Clark , held on .
jon shaw 's probing passes [giving] chances for chris maskery and laxon , but yorkshire , aided by some useful saves by peter clark , held on .

The national average of Direct Build Costs on a ‘ self management ’ basis , by a competent private individual on a directly employed labour basis , using local tradesmen and without providing any labour themselves , is about £32–£36 per sq ft .
the national average of direct build costs on a ‘ self management ’ basis , by a competent private individual on a directly employed labour basis , using local tradesmen and without [giving] any labour themselves , is about £32–£36 per sq ft .

Inspector White said : ‘ Providing the club [ Arsenal ] were happy , staging a second replay ay Highbury would not have been a problem for us .
inspector white said : ‘ [giving] the club [ arsenal ] were happy , staging a second replay ay highbury would not have been a problem for us .

The five-year-old child , treated in Italy , lacks an enzyme crucial to providing protection against common infections .
the five-year-old child , treated in italy , lacks an enzyme crucial to [giving] protection against common infections .

The company confirmed last week that it was providing 10 nurses and two doctors at the Wolds and that the staffing arrangements could be increased or reduced according to demand .
the company confirmed last week that it was [giving] 10 nurses and two doctors at the wolds and that the staffing arrangements could be increased or reduced according to demand .

At the present day , however , the rights of the purchaser of the legal estate for value without notice are diminished by the Land Charges Act 1972 , which has in certain cases prevented such a purchaser from defeating the rights of the equitable owners , by enabling certain rights in the land to be registered , and providing that registration is equivalent to notice .
at the present day , however , the rights of the purchaser of the legal estate for value without notice are diminished by the land charges act 1972 , which has in certain cases prevented such a purchaser from defeating the rights of the equitable owners , by enabling certain rights in the land to be registered , and [giving] that registration is equivalent to notice .

The credibility of Defence in the Whitehall market-place was further weakened by three other factors : first , the ‘ bull ’ market enjoyed by the high-spending , socially-orientated departments — Health , Education , Labour and Social Services ; secondly , the failure of our West European allies to match our level of Defence expenditure , thus providing arguments that Britain was doing more than her fair share in collective defence ; and thirdly , trading rivals , like Germany and Japan , honing their competitive edge with lower military expenditure , likewise adding to the consensus view that Britain was overspending on Defence however potent the Soviet military threat might be .
the credibility of defence in the whitehall market-place was further weakened by three other factors : first , the ‘ bull ’ market enjoyed by the high-spending , socially-orientated departments — health , education , labour and social services ; secondly , the failure of our west european allies to match our level of defence expenditure , thus [giving] arguments that britain was doing more than her fair share in collective defence ; and thirdly , trading rivals , like germany and japan , honing their competitive edge with lower military expenditure , likewise adding to the consensus view that britain was overspending on defence however potent the soviet military threat might be .

It must be frankly recognized that there is at present no means of providing adequate protection for the people of this country against the consequences of an attack with nuclear weapons .
it must be frankly recognized that there is at present no means of [giving] adequate protection for the people of this country against the consequences of an attack with nuclear weapons .

Hunters are cashing in on this shortage and expense of whale meat , and are providing the Japanese market with a more affordable substitute of dolphin flesh .
hunters are cashing in on this shortage and expense of whale meat , and are [giving] the japanese market with a more affordable substitute of dolphin flesh .

Providing he can install a little discipline , the next governor may also be able to take the credit for cleaning up Arizona 's politics .
[giving] he can install a little discipline , the next governor may also be able to take the credit for cleaning up arizona 's politics .

They are most frequently stuffed with bright red pimentos , providing an eye-catching garnish and a good ingredient for adding to stews and casseroles .
they are most frequently stuffed with bright red pimentos , [giving] an eye-catching garnish and a good ingredient for adding to stews and casseroles .

Rice is one of the most important foods in the world , providing the basic diet of many thousands of people in the countries in which it is grown .
rice is one of the most important foods in the world , [giving] the basic diet of many thousands of people in the countries in which it is grown .

On 17 April 1764 , he finally got the go-ahead , providing of course that the new building was erected as economically as possible .
on 17 april 1764 , he finally got the go-ahead , [giving] of course that the new building was erected as economically as possible .

Matters were not helped by the Sabina Park authorities providing one sightscreen that was too low to be of much use if the bowler was over six feet ( 1.8 metres ) tall , and when England complained after the game against Jamaica the reply was that it could not be raised without obscuring the view of some two hundred people who had already bought tickets .
matters were not helped by the sabina park authorities [giving] one sightscreen that was too low to be of much use if the bowler was over six feet ( 1.8 metres ) tall , and when england complained after the game against jamaica the reply was that it could not be raised without obscuring the view of some two hundred people who had already bought tickets .

By that time , scholars in various countries were throwing new light on the composer 's music , life and times , providing performers with new insights — and also making way for the populist boom that began with Peter Shaffer 's play and film ‘ Amadeus ’ .
by that time , scholars in various countries were throwing new light on the composer 's music , life and times , [giving] performers with new insights — and also making way for the populist boom that began with peter shaffer 's play and film ‘ amadeus ’ .

Whites have retreated to the comfortable suburbs , whence they contribute to a city 's costs but avoid paying its taxes or providing work for its underclass .
whites have retreated to the comfortable suburbs , whence they contribute to a city 's costs but avoid paying its taxes or [giving] work for its underclass .

He accused the bureaucrats of civil neglect in not providing the park with the clean water it needs .
he accused the bureaucrats of civil neglect in not [giving] the park with the clean water it needs .

Throughout the year-long ‘ structural impediments initiative ’ talks that ended last June , the Americans pressed the Japanese government to abandon its single-minded support of businessmen , farmers and other interest groups and do something instead about providing better amenities for its people .
throughout the year-long ‘ structural impediments initiative ’ talks that ended last june , the americans pressed the japanese government to abandon its single-minded support of businessmen , farmers and other interest groups and do something instead about [giving] better amenities for its people .

Or they could keep their old loans but with new guarantees , at the same time providing new money worth 25 % of their exposure 's value .
or they could keep their old loans but with new guarantees , at the same time [giving] new money worth 25 % of their exposure 's value .

The substitution of old debt for new low-interest bonds offering 6.75 % with guarantees was the most popular ( 38 % of the debt tendered ) , followed by an option for banks to have their old debt guaranteed in return for providing new money worth 20 % of current exposure ( 31 % ) .
the substitution of old debt for new low-interest bonds offering 6.75 % with guarantees was the most popular ( 38 % of the debt tendered ) , followed by an option for banks to have their old debt guaranteed in return for [giving] new money worth 20 % of current exposure ( 31 % ) .

The creation of strings , textures and their weird kin is traditionally kept in the earliest universe — about which less is known , providing more room for manoeuvre .
the creation of strings , textures and their weird kin is traditionally kept in the earliest universe — about which less is known , [giving] more room for manoeuvre .

Mr Mulroney has balanced Canada 's regions in his cabinet , providing significant seats ( defence , health and welfare , environment ) for his colleagues from Quebec , while pushing forward the Albertans , Messrs Clark , Mazankowski and the leader of the House of Commons , Harvie Andre .
mr mulroney has balanced canada 's regions in his cabinet , [giving] significant seats ( defence , health and welfare , environment ) for his colleagues from quebec , while pushing forward the albertans , messrs clark , mazankowski and the leader of the house of commons , harvie andre .

But making and marketing computers require a different set of skills : manufacturing efficiently , shipping products rapidly and then providing complicated technical support to finicky business customers .
but making and marketing computers require a different set of skills : manufacturing efficiently , shipping products rapidly and then [giving] complicated technical support to finicky business customers .

And if capital gains turned to losses , investors would stop providing capital .
and if capital gains turned to losses , investors would stop [giving] capital .

In effect , they were issuing equity ; the bond yields were low ( 2–4 % ) because buyers bet that share prices would rise beyond the exercise levels , providing big capital gains and cheap switches into equity .
in effect , they were issuing equity ; the bond yields were low ( 2–4 % ) because buyers bet that share prices would rise beyond the exercise levels , [giving] big capital gains and cheap switches into equity .

He has an ( American ) liberal 's instinct that they could be valuable instruments of federal policy in pursuit of woolly-sounding social goals , providing they are properly regulated .
he has an ( american ) liberal 's instinct that they could be valuable instruments of federal policy in pursuit of woolly-sounding social goals , [giving] they are properly regulated .

As more fossils are found , the sense of wonder will no doubt be stirred again , but the systematic research aimed at providing a more complete picture will continue .
as more fossils are found , the sense of wonder will no doubt be stirred again , but the systematic research aimed at [giving] a more complete picture will continue .

They are no longer isolated and no longer see computers as providing mainly internal services such as payroll and stock control .
they are no longer isolated and no longer see computers as [giving] mainly internal services such as payroll and stock control .

Mrs Thatcher could seize the high ground , providing strong leadership for a radical reassessment of Nato 's role in the emerging new Europe .
mrs thatcher could seize the high ground , [giving] strong leadership for a radical reassessment of nato 's role in the emerging new europe .

Runswick claims a modest role in his ‘ Write-Your-Own Opera for children to do themselves ’ , providing the musical frame and a scenario which magics six classes through the ages and to the ends of the earth in search of ingredients for Mr Gandolfi 's birthday cake .
runswick claims a modest role in his ‘ write-your-own opera for children to do themselves ’ , [giving] the musical frame and a scenario which magics six classes through the ages and to the ends of the earth in search of ingredients for mr gandolfi 's birthday cake .

‘ By arrangement with the sporting press we are providing full racecards and form for Hong Kong so punters are hardly betting blind .
‘ by arrangement with the sporting press we are [giving] full racecards and form for hong kong so punters are hardly betting blind .

They will offer package programmes at minimal cost , in the hope of recovering their outlay and , most importantly , providing an inducement for a sponsor to put up £6 million for world-wide exposure .
they will offer package programmes at minimal cost , in the hope of recovering their outlay and , most importantly , [giving] an inducement for a sponsor to put up £6 million for world-wide exposure .

But it fell far short of providing the detailed model-by-model defect analysis demanded by Mr Gummer 's critics .
but it fell far short of [giving] the detailed model-by-model defect analysis demanded by mr gummer 's critics .

Yes , he says , there is a case for providing grants to develop purely experimental film and the Arts Council already does .
yes , he says , there is a case for [giving] grants to develop purely experimental film and the arts council already does .

Some thought that those poor could be rescued by providing them with religious and moral education , vocational training , and better housing .
some thought that those poor could be rescued by [giving] them with religious and moral education , vocational training , and better housing .

Out And About : Always blossom on the bough Winifred Carr looks for trees and shrubs providing continuous colour
out and about : always blossom on the bough winifred carr looks for trees and shrubs [giving] continuous colour

The idea is a simple one ; begin working our dwindling woodland again and we could be providing the best argument for preserving it .
the idea is a simple one ; begin working our dwindling woodland again and we could be [giving] the best argument for preserving it .

Institutional shareholders and directors are providing a £1.2m cash deposit as security for half the facility .
institutional shareholders and directors are [giving] a £1.2m cash deposit as security for half the facility .

The case comes as some banks , such as the Co-operative , refuse to give references without the accountholders ' permission and other banks , such as Lloyds , raise their charges for providing this service .
the case comes as some banks , such as the co-operative , refuse to give references without the accountholders ' permission and other banks , such as lloyds , raise their charges for [giving] this service .

The weekend announcement that the Saudis are providing a further £1½ billion for orders tied to the vast Al Yamamah programme provided welcome relief for the company and the Government .
the weekend announcement that the saudis are [giving] a further £1½ billion for orders tied to the vast al yamamah programme provided welcome relief for the company and the government .

As well as those mentioned , there are others too that have been domesticated over the centuries providing food , clothing and transportation .
as well as those mentioned , there are others too that have been domesticated over the centuries [giving] food , clothing and transportation .

The type of sediment and the associated fossils will show whether the environment was marine , freshwater or terrestrial , providing the basic information into which the ecology of the animal has to be accommodated .
the type of sediment and the associated fossils will show whether the environment was marine , freshwater or terrestrial , [giving] the basic information into which the ecology of the animal has to be accommodated .

It seems a fair bet that the water companies will be less than enthusiastic about providing the public with evidence that will provide for their own prosecution .
it seems a fair bet that the water companies will be less than enthusiastic about [giving] the public with evidence that will provide for their own prosecution .

The most competitive firms providing the best service at the lowest price are the ones which should prosper .
the most competitive firms [giving] the best service at the lowest price are the ones which should prosper .

Far from providing an escape from old German faults , an emphasis on ‘ Europe ’ is likely to reawaken them .
far from [giving] an escape from old german faults , an emphasis on ‘ europe ’ is likely to reawaken them .

The elegant arabesque-style hotel skirts the Mediterranean shoreline on th east side of the island , with sweeping coastal plains and craggy mountains providing a dramatic backdrop .
the elegant arabesque-style hotel skirts the mediterranean shoreline on th east side of the island , with sweeping coastal plains and craggy mountains [giving] a dramatic backdrop .

There have been regular changes to the vessels providing this service .
there have been regular changes to the vessels [giving] this service .

In only 12 years , Alan Campbell has developed a super-efficient , highly reputable , Internationally-acclaimed business affiliated ( as Trading Members ) to the British Institute of Freight Forwarders ' Association providing exporters with the knowledge that the company has indemnity insurance and operates with properly and highly qualified staff .
in only 12 years , alan campbell has developed a super-efficient , highly reputable , internationally-acclaimed business affiliated ( as trading members ) to the british institute of freight forwarders ' association [giving] exporters with the knowledge that the company has indemnity insurance and operates with properly and highly qualified staff .

There are spacious loungers , a bar providing waiter service to the garden terrace , a restaurant that opens onto the lovely gardens offering buffet style breakfast , and a mixed buffet and waiter service dinner .
there are spacious loungers , a bar [giving] waiter service to the garden terrace , a restaurant that opens onto the lovely gardens offering buffet style breakfast , and a mixed buffet and waiter service dinner .

Providing good housing
[giving] good housing

We will encourage TECs to become strong , locally based , employer-led organisations providing business services , acting as an effective voice for business at local level , and overseeing training of those in employment .
we will encourage tecs to become strong , locally based , employer-led organisations [giving] business services , acting as an effective voice for business at local level , and overseeing training of those in employment .

We aim to create a first-class education system for all , not just by providing adequate public funding , but also through reforms which increase choice and opportunity for each citizen .
we aim to create a first-class education system for all , not just by [giving] adequate public funding , but also through reforms which increase choice and opportunity for each citizen .

We will ensure access to clinics providing health promotion , counselling , family planning and screening services , particularly for cervical and breast cancer , and advice on maternity and child care .
we will ensure access to clinics [giving] health promotion , counselling , family planning and screening services , particularly for cervical and breast cancer , and advice on maternity and child care .

Providing good housing
[giving] good housing

We will encourage home ownership , but we recognise that the housing market has been distorted by mortgage tax relief , and we believe that choice in housing means providing more rented accommodation in both public and private sectors .
we will encourage home ownership , but we recognise that the housing market has been distorted by mortgage tax relief , and we believe that choice in housing means [giving] more rented accommodation in both public and private sectors .

The hotel also has five pool tables , table tennis and table football , as well as providing entertainment three nights a week .
the hotel also has five pool tables , table tennis and table football , as well as [giving] entertainment three nights a week .

Las Palmeras , reserved exclusively for the Club , has its own attractive swimming pool and sunterrace , providing a perfect sun-trap and the sandy beach is only about 200 metres away .
las palmeras , reserved exclusively for the club , has its own attractive swimming pool and sunterrace , [giving] a perfect sun-trap and the sandy beach is only about 200 metres away .

As a condition of booking you must either take out our special holiday insurance arranged through the Eagle Star Group or arrange a policy yourself providing comparable or greater cover under all sections .
as a condition of booking you must either take out our special holiday insurance arranged through the eagle star group or arrange a policy yourself [giving] comparable or greater cover under all sections .

We recommend our insurance as providing adequate cover for normal requirements , but it is your responsibility to arrange additional cover exceeding the maximum amounts payable under our policy , or providing cover for addition areas of liability if require .
we recommend our insurance as [giving] adequate cover for normal requirements , but it is your responsibility to arrange additional cover exceeding the maximum amounts payable under our policy , or [giving] cover for addition areas of liability if require .

The practice of providing meals from a self-service buffet is becoming increasingly popular .
the practice of [giving] meals from a self-service buffet is becoming increasingly popular .

The barn is the building closest to the road providing easy access for carts through its double width entranceway .
the barn is the building closest to the road [giving] easy access for carts through its double width entranceway .

School management will have the key task of planning how the institution is to adapt and change to meet the challenge of providing effective education for pupils and students in the 1990s .
school management will have the key task of planning how the institution is to adapt and change to meet the challenge of [giving] effective education for pupils and students in the 1990s .

The advantages of a rational approach to planning are given here and the breadth of these should alert the reader to the importance of the planning process in providing guidelines to secure organisational effectiveness .
the advantages of a rational approach to planning are given here and the breadth of these should alert the reader to the importance of the planning process in [giving] guidelines to secure organisational effectiveness .

By providing clear goals and objectives , it minimises frustration and wasted effort .
by [giving] clear goals and objectives , it minimises frustration and wasted effort .

If extra pupils come to the school the money can be spent on the variable costs , increasing teaching numbers and providing more books and equipment .
if extra pupils come to the school the money can be spent on the variable costs , increasing teaching numbers and [giving] more books and equipment .

Firstly , quality is the primary responsibility of senior management who must transmit quality values to all but must also build quality into managerial relationships , notably through communication , commitment , recognition and providing facilitating structures in the context of explicit objectives .
firstly , quality is the primary responsibility of senior management who must transmit quality values to all but must also build quality into managerial relationships , notably through communication , commitment , recognition and [giving] facilitating structures in the context of explicit objectives .

Performance management : providing the means to enhance competency and stimulate development in order to achieve organisational objectives .
performance management : [giving] the means to enhance competency and stimulate development in order to achieve organisational objectives .

Leading professional : the ‘ expert ’ practitioner providing examples of good practice as teacher/academic and carer .
leading professional : the ‘ expert ’ practitioner [giving] examples of good practice as teacher/academic and carer .

Facilitator : providing guidance , advice and acting as a resource for personal and team development , i.e. facilitating motivation , stimulating effective communication and providing recognition and feedback .
facilitator : [giving] guidance , advice and acting as a resource for personal and team development , i.e. facilitating motivation , stimulating effective communication and [giving] recognition and feedback .

Providing resources to ensure that targets can be met .
[giving] resources to ensure that targets can be met .

Providing explicit guidance on standards and levels of performance .
[giving] explicit guidance on standards and levels of performance .

Labour will establish a network of one-stop advice centres providing them with access to high-quality specialist assistance .
labour will establish a network of one-stop advice centres [giving] them with access to high-quality specialist assistance .

Within our overall budget , we will tackle the shortage of intensive care beds with a special programme providing an additional £25 million to expand this life-saving service .
within our overall budget , we will tackle the shortage of intensive care beds with a special programme [giving] an additional £25 million to expand this life-saving service .

We will introduce a new earmarked grant for community care which will support the work of Labour councils in providing care for people at home , and oblige Conservative councils to use the grant to improve those services .
we will introduce a new earmarked grant for community care which will support the work of labour councils in [giving] care for people at home , and oblige conservative councils to use the grant to improve those services .

We will end the pressure on councils to privatise their residential homes by providing funding for local authorities equivalent to the benefits paid to private homes .
we will end the pressure on councils to privatise their residential homes by [giving] funding for local authorities equivalent to the benefits paid to private homes .

The annular tank providing the weight was filled with granite chippings , to make a total of 20 tons .
the annular tank [giving] the weight was filled with granite chippings , to make a total of 20 tons .

and this force could be utilized by means of a turbine or otherwise for providing power to work the lift .
and this force could be utilized by means of a turbine or otherwise for [giving] power to work the lift .

This gradual variation of the gradient is effected without disturbing the horizontality of the lift dock by providing at least at the upper part of the incline two or more sets of rails for each carriage supporting the dock , the said duplicate sets of rails being in different alignment and gradually assuming different levels , the wheels of each carriage being adapted to travel thereon so that on the diminished gradient the leading wheels will travel on rails at a different level from those on which the trailing wheels travel , the duplication of the rails and their difference of level being variously arranged according to circumstances .
this gradual variation of the gradient is effected without disturbing the horizontality of the lift dock by [giving] at least at the upper part of the incline two or more sets of rails for each carriage supporting the dock , the said duplicate sets of rails being in different alignment and gradually assuming different levels , the wheels of each carriage being adapted to travel thereon so that on the diminished gradient the leading wheels will travel on rails at a different level from those on which the trailing wheels travel , the duplication of the rails and their difference of level being variously arranged according to circumstances .

Only by the merest chance would a traveller through space happen upon the planet Earth ; a tiny jewel of a place , orbiting an unexceptional star in an ordinary galaxy , but — miracle of miracles — providing precisely those conditions , neither too hot nor too cold , nor too dense nor too sparse , where the astonishingly delicate processes of life can unfold .
only by the merest chance would a traveller through space happen upon the planet earth ; a tiny jewel of a place , orbiting an unexceptional star in an ordinary galaxy , but — miracle of miracles — [giving] precisely those conditions , neither too hot nor too cold , nor too dense nor too sparse , where the astonishingly delicate processes of life can unfold .

Water is the perfect , and ‘ natural ’ medium of life ; obliging in its chemistry ; providing constancy of temperature , and support .
water is the perfect , and ‘ natural ’ medium of life ; obliging in its chemistry ; [giving] constancy of temperature , and support .

However , the animals affect the plants , and the plants affect the soil ( for example , by providing protection against heavy rains , or by breaking up rocks with their roots , or producing acid which dissolves limestone ) ; and the plants also directly affect the climate ( for example by re-directing winds , or by transpiring soil moisture into the air ) .
however , the animals affect the plants , and the plants affect the soil ( for example , by [giving] protection against heavy rains , or by breaking up rocks with their roots , or producing acid which dissolves limestone ) ; and the plants also directly affect the climate ( for example by re-directing winds , or by transpiring soil moisture into the air ) .

Humans create niches for wildlife by providing extra pockets of nutrients — comparable to estuaries , where nutrients are brought in naturally from the surrounding seas and landscape .
humans create niches for wildlife by [giving] extra pockets of nutrients — comparable to estuaries , where nutrients are brought in naturally from the surrounding seas and landscape .

This interior analogue of the exterior world is actively ‘ seen ’ ; and this we may presume is no accidental metaphor , for the dominance of visual perception in human life extends into the inner world of experiencing as a dominant mode providing a basic ‘ map ’ of an ongoing continuum .
this interior analogue of the exterior world is actively ‘ seen ’ ; and this we may presume is no accidental metaphor , for the dominance of visual perception in human life extends into the inner world of experiencing as a dominant mode [giving] a basic ‘ map ’ of an ongoing continuum .

Juvenile or infant monkeys , baby baboons , and piglets are the main dietary items providing meat , at least in the area of the Gombe Stream Reserve .
juvenile or infant monkeys , baby baboons , and piglets are the main dietary items [giving] meat , at least in the area of the gombe stream reserve .

The attraction to mothers with neonates often leads to ‘ aunt ’ behaviour ( ‘ baby-sitting ’ ) providing valuable learning opportunities in the handling of infants that will be valuable when the subject 's own baby is born .
the attraction to mothers with neonates often leads to ‘ aunt ’ behaviour ( ‘ baby-sitting ’ ) [giving] valuable learning opportunities in the handling of infants that will be valuable when the subject 's own baby is born .

We will launch with the TECs a new initiative , giving people a voucher with which they can buy a ‘ skill check ’ , providing assessment and guidance on how to make the most of their working lives .
we will launch with the tecs a new initiative , giving people a voucher with which they can buy a ‘ skill check ’ , [giving] assessment and guidance on how to make the most of their working lives .

Prisons should be places which are austere but decent , providing a busy and positive regime which prepared prisoners for their ultimate release .
prisons should be places which are austere but decent , [giving] a busy and positive regime which prepared prisoners for their ultimate release .

We are providing more support than ever before — £14 for every £10 spent in 1979 , after allowing for inflation .
we are [giving] more support than ever before — £14 for every £10 spent in 1979 , after allowing for inflation .

We will establish a new agency to carry out all social security war pensions work with the aim of providing a better , more efficient service to war pensioners and war widows .
we will establish a new agency to carry out all social security war pensions work with the aim of [giving] a better , more efficient service to war pensioners and war widows .

Disability Living Allowance will bring together the existing Attendance and Mobility Allowance , providing new help to many disabled people who at present get no such help .
disability living allowance will bring together the existing attendance and mobility allowance , [giving] new help to many disabled people who at present get no such help .

Rather than large , intrusive stations at long intervals we should see smaller , more frequent service areas providing a much wider range of facilities .
rather than large , intrusive stations at long intervals we should see smaller , more frequent service areas [giving] a much wider range of facilities .

We are applying the principles of the Citizen 's Charter to local government , requiring the publication of more information which will enable local people to judge the efficiency of their councils in providing services .
we are applying the principles of the citizen 's charter to local government , requiring the publication of more information which will enable local people to judge the efficiency of their councils in [giving] services .

Encouraging enterprise , improving the environment and providing new opportunities for the unemployed are central to our inner city policies .
encouraging enterprise , improving the environment and [giving] new opportunities for the unemployed are central to our inner city policies .

Remotivating individuals and providing the right conditions for business are the only ways to make lasting change .
remotivating individuals and [giving] the right conditions for business are the only ways to make lasting change .

In providing our public services , we will continue to recognise the particular needs of people who live in the countryside .
in [giving] our public services , we will continue to recognise the particular needs of people who live in the countryside .

We therefore launched the Cathedral Repair Grant Scheme in April 1991 , providing £11.5 million over three years .
we therefore launched the cathedral repair grant scheme in april 1991 , [giving] £11.5 million over three years .

God alone can guarantee that the moral desires of humanity are satisfied — for instance , by providing a life after death in which happiness can be proportioned to virtue , as it patently is not in this life .
god alone can guarantee that the moral desires of humanity are satisfied — for instance , by [giving] a life after death in which happiness can be proportioned to virtue , as it patently is not in this life .

As well as providing a dry and secure home for your car , garages may also act as a store for ladders , lawnmowers and kids ' bikes and maybe even a workshop utility room
as well as [giving] a dry and secure home for your car , garages may also act as a store for ladders , lawnmowers and kids ' bikes and maybe even a workshop utility room

The microscopic particles bond themselves to metal surfaces , providing long-lasting lubrication .
the microscopic particles bond themselves to metal surfaces , [giving] long-lasting lubrication .

Converting the loft could be the least expensive way of providing more space and adding a little value to the property .
converting the loft could be the least expensive way of [giving] more space and adding a little value to the property .

Briefly , the code of practice specifies standards for providing wholesome water , for supplying a constant water supply at the appropriate water pressure , and for treating sewage in a comprehensive and environmentally sensitive way .
briefly , the code of practice specifies standards for [giving] wholesome water , for supplying a constant water supply at the appropriate water pressure , and for treating sewage in a comprehensive and environmentally sensitive way .

However , if we do fail to meet any of the above standards , providing your accounts is in good standard , you may make a claim by writing to :
however , if we do fail to meet any of the above standards , [giving] your accounts is in good standard , you may make a claim by writing to :

‘ Homesure ’ combines buildings and contents insurance , providing very wide cover in one simple policy , which will replace most items ‘ as new ’ .
‘ homesure ’ combines buildings and contents insurance , [giving] very wide cover in one simple policy , which will replace most items ‘ as new ’ .

Chris of Dunstable , age 29 , recognises the importance of providing financial security for his young family — wife Susan , 27 , and twin daughters Sarah and Lianne .
chris of dunstable , age 29 , recognises the importance of [giving] financial security for his young family — wife susan , 27 , and twin daughters sarah and lianne .

The Group remains fully committed to the provision of mortgage finance to individuals whilst providing associated services and products from subsidiary companies .
the group remains fully committed to the provision of mortgage finance to individuals whilst [giving] associated services and products from subsidiary companies .

And providing you are eligible and you reply by the closing date , your acceptance into the Personal Accident Plan is guaranteed .
and [giving] you are eligible and you reply by the closing date , your acceptance into the personal accident plan is guaranteed .

Sun Alliance hereby guarantee that as one of our policyholders , you will be accepted into the Personal Accident Plan — providing your application is posted by 14 June 1990 and you are permanently resident in England , Scotland , Wales , the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man .
sun alliance hereby guarantee that as one of our policyholders , you will be accepted into the personal accident plan — [giving] your application is posted by 14 june 1990 and you are permanently resident in england , scotland , wales , the channel islands or the isle of man .

Because , providing you have the money in your account , the BarclayPlus card lets you withdraw money anytime .
because , [giving] you have the money in your account , the barclayplus card lets you withdraw money anytime .

Providing you have reached the age of majority and can show that the monthly repayments are within your means , you can apply with confidence .
[giving] you have reached the age of majority and can show that the monthly repayments are within your means , you can apply with confidence .

Interest on borrowing for improvements to your home can qualify for tax relief providing your total house purchase/home improvement borrowing together does not exceed £30,000 under current Government regulations .
interest on borrowing for improvements to your home can qualify for tax relief [giving] your total house purchase/home improvement borrowing together does not exceed £30,000 under current government regulations .

Yes , providing you are over 18 years of age , and can show that the monthly repayments are within your means , then you can apply with confidence .
yes , [giving] you are over 18 years of age , and can show that the monthly repayments are within your means , then you can apply with confidence .

By providing a daily income for the duration of your stay in hospital , plus a Convalescence Benefit payable after longer stays , the Plan can help you meet your overheads while you 're out of circulation — and add financial comfort while you 're getting back on your feet .
by [giving] a daily income for the duration of your stay in hospital , plus a convalescence benefit payable after longer stays , the plan can help you meet your overheads while you 're out of circulation — and add financial comfort while you 're getting back on your feet .

Bachmann & Co Ltd are leading international marine consultants , specialising in corporate yacht ownership , providing professional legal and technical services for clients worldwide .
bachmann & co ltd are leading international marine consultants , specialising in corporate yacht ownership , [giving] professional legal and technical services for clients worldwide .

This brochure sets out how Barclays can help you build your business by providing the finance you need for development and to cope with cashflow problems .
this brochure sets out how barclays can help you build your business by [giving] the finance you need for development and to cope with cashflow problems .

Providing the income you will need after you stop work can take a load off your mind .
[giving] the income you will need after you stop work can take a load off your mind .

As a bank , we have long experience of businesses and their needs , which is essential when it comes to providing pensions for directors and people who are self-employed and insurance cover .
as a bank , we have long experience of businesses and their needs , which is essential when it comes to [giving] pensions for directors and people who are self-employed and insurance cover .

Keeping minutes , for example , creating the agenda , and providing regular kinds of information which a meeting needs , are all ways to exert power indirectly .
keeping minutes , for example , creating the agenda , and [giving] regular kinds of information which a meeting needs , are all ways to exert power indirectly .

check whether more junior people can attend , thus saving costs and providing a valuable learning experience for less experienced staff
check whether more junior people can attend , thus saving costs and [giving] a valuable learning experience for less experienced staff

providing support to management in carrying out the communication programme
[giving] support to management in carrying out the communication programme

As an existing Midland customer , your acceptance into this Plan is guaranteed without a medical examination or even any medical questions to answer providing you reply before 27 April 1990 , and are eligible .
as an existing midland customer , your acceptance into this plan is guaranteed without a medical examination or even any medical questions to answer [giving] you reply before 27 april 1990 , and are eligible .

If you are stuck in a boring job , concentrate on the fact that it is providing money for your needs and your pleasures and that it gives you a measure of independence .
if you are stuck in a boring job , concentrate on the fact that it is [giving] money for your needs and your pleasures and that it gives you a measure of independence .

Gone are the days when Grandma lived down the road and Auntie Maud was just around the corner , each of them providing a comforting and experienced shoulder for the young mother to lean upon .
gone are the days when grandma lived down the road and auntie maud was just around the corner , each of them [giving] a comforting and experienced shoulder for the young mother to lean upon .

Those holiday homes providing higher quality standards will have Approved , Commended or Highly Commended alongside the Keys .
those holiday homes [giving] higher quality standards will have approved , commended or highly commended alongside the keys .

And by providing a service that caters to you , as an individual .
and by [giving] a service that caters to you , as an individual .

Now , as a new year begins , will you help Save the Children to continue providing care and support all over the world ?
now , as a new year begins , will you help save the children to continue [giving] care and support all over the world ?

The British Refugee Council has been working with and providing services to refugees in Britain since 1981 .
the british refugee council has been working with and [giving] services to refugees in britain since 1981 .

Having set the Duchy on the road to providing an income for the Prince of Wales , the next task had been to find him a house and , of all those short-listed in the summer of 1980 , Charles chose Highgrove .
having set the duchy on the road to [giving] an income for the prince of wales , the next task had been to find him a house and , of all those short-listed in the summer of 1980 , charles chose highgrove .

Department of Health officials wrote to regional administrators in 1980 with details of a new plan — code-named Bittern — providing for ‘ the use of service ambulances and drivers in the event of an industrial dispute ’ — the decision now taken yesterday by ministers .
department of health officials wrote to regional administrators in 1980 with details of a new plan — code-named bittern — [giving] for ‘ the use of service ambulances and drivers in the event of an industrial dispute ’ — the decision now taken yesterday by ministers .

Department of Health officials wrote to regional administrators in 1980 with details of a new plan — code-named Bittern — providing for ‘ the use of service ambulances and drivers in the event of an industrial dispute ’ — the decision now taken yesterday by ministers .
department of health officials wrote to regional administrators in 1980 with details of a new plan — code-named bittern — [giving] for ‘ the use of service ambulances and drivers in the event of an industrial dispute ’ — the decision now taken yesterday by ministers .

Of the sample as a whole , which included leisure centres , holiday camps and caravan parks , even those pools providing lifeguards exhibited worrying deficiencies , the survey said .
of the sample as a whole , which included leisure centres , holiday camps and caravan parks , even those pools [giving] lifeguards exhibited worrying deficiencies , the survey said .

When enforcement procedures are taken against a business , the cost of obtaining expert opinion and the legal costs of providing a defence can prove prohibitive and even result in commercial disaster .
when enforcement procedures are taken against a business , the cost of obtaining expert opinion and the legal costs of [giving] a defence can prove prohibitive and even result in commercial disaster .

The positive side of local authority catering is the reward of seeing children happily and healthily fed , of winning the political battle for a small budget to market healthy eating and providing good steady work for thousands of caterers .
the positive side of local authority catering is the reward of seeing children happily and healthily fed , of winning the political battle for a small budget to market healthy eating and [giving] good steady work for thousands of caterers .

Joe should also remember that many of us get a buzz out of controlling budgets of up to £30m a year , employing 3,000 staff , and providing food in up to 600 units .
joe should also remember that many of us get a buzz out of controlling budgets of up to £30m a year , employing 3,000 staff , and [giving] food in up to 600 units .

On the other hand , the public , providing that it shops around , can probably buy the same product elsewhere for a fraction of those prices .
on the other hand , the public , [giving] that it shops around , can probably buy the same product elsewhere for a fraction of those prices .

‘ We are not providing food in a normal environment , ’ he says .
‘ we are not [giving] food in a normal environment , ’ he says .

• providing coffee and afternoon tea facilities — perhaps in the grounds and in the mews conservatory area .
• [giving] coffee and afternoon tea facilities — perhaps in the grounds and in the mews conservatory area .

‘ Alongside the coffee machine , a fryer is the most profitable piece of machinery in a restaurant — providing you use the right equipment for your purposes .
‘ alongside the coffee machine , a fryer is the most profitable piece of machinery in a restaurant — [giving] you use the right equipment for your purposes .

The scheme was innovatory in providing housing at controlled rents in a converted building on a spectacular riverside site , something which previously had been regarded as the preserve of affluent owner occupiers .
the scheme was innovatory in [giving] housing at controlled rents in a converted building on a spectacular riverside site , something which previously had been regarded as the preserve of affluent owner occupiers .

The essence of the association 's idea was to develop flats for sale and this would make it possible to bring in private institutional finance — eg from a building society which might then become involved in providing mortgages for the individual purchasers .
the essence of the association 's idea was to develop flats for sale and this would make it possible to bring in private institutional finance — eg from a building society which might then become involved in [giving] mortgages for the individual purchasers .

On these members 75mm ( 3in ) thick pine floorboards are fixed , performing a structural function as well as providing a floor surface sufficiently substantial to resist the heavy loads imposed by stored textiles .
on these members 75mm ( 3in ) thick pine floorboards are fixed , performing a structural function as well as [giving] a floor surface sufficiently substantial to resist the heavy loads imposed by stored textiles .

Following well-rehearsed dismounting drills , the riflemen poured out of the Warriors and in next to no time were providing their own fire support as the Warriors reversed away at high speed to give covering fire from positions where they would be less vulnerable to short-range anti-tank weapons .
following well-rehearsed dismounting drills , the riflemen poured out of the warriors and in next to no time were [giving] their own fire support as the warriors reversed away at high speed to give covering fire from positions where they would be less vulnerable to short-range anti-tank weapons .

An afternoon patrol is on the task sheet — providing a reassuring presence on the ground , and an opportunity for gathering intelligence and seeing who is about .
an afternoon patrol is on the task sheet — [giving] a reassuring presence on the ground , and an opportunity for gathering intelligence and seeing who is about .

Following this the Colonel is to visit Dhekelia , where the two other subunits which form the other half of the battalion are providing security for the British Garvison .
following this the colonel is to visit dhekelia , where the two other subunits which form the other half of the battalion are [giving] security for the british garvison .

The Spastics Society has begun Alternative Lifestyles courses for disabled school leavers , ‘ providing positive alternatives to paid employment and giving them the confidence to take charge of their own lives ’ .
the spastics society has begun alternative lifestyles courses for disabled school leavers , ‘ [giving] positive alternatives to paid employment and giving them the confidence to take charge of their own lives ’ .

She honestly believed that she was making life easier for Jack , by providing him with a background of home , where not only were meals provided and clothes mended , but his time was also jealously guarded .
she honestly believed that she was making life easier for jack , by [giving] him with a background of home , where not only were meals provided and clothes mended , but his time was also jealously guarded .

… and it is with a view to providing posterity with an addition to such all too scanty materials that the papers … have been embodied in permanent form .
… and it is with a view to [giving] posterity with an addition to such all too scanty materials that the papers … have been embodied in permanent form .

Lazy undergraduates liked them because Lewis did half their work far them — providing summaries of books they would never get around to reading themselves , and lightening his commentaries with entertaining asides .
lazy undergraduates liked them because lewis did half their work far them — [giving] summaries of books they would never get around to reading themselves , and lightening his commentaries with entertaining asides .

But the same evidence could have led to a theory celebrating the system which , by laying down norms , establishing disciplines and , most important of all , providing scripts that , while not always particularly imaginative , were at least a sound basis to work from , enabled these directors to realize their individual vision .
but the same evidence could have led to a theory celebrating the system which , by laying down norms , establishing disciplines and , most important of all , [giving] scripts that , while not always particularly imaginative , were at least a sound basis to work from , enabled these directors to realize their individual vision .

There were British studios , like Rank 's Independent Producers or Ealing in the 1940s , that , for a time at least , produced a similarly productive working environment , providing constraints for directors and writers to work against , and dedicated script departments which produced competent material for them to work from .
there were british studios , like rank 's independent producers or ealing in the 1940s , that , for a time at least , produced a similarly productive working environment , [giving] constraints for directors and writers to work against , and dedicated script departments which produced competent material for them to work from .

In this context , the low-budget production area , by providing continuous employment , usefully offered directors and technicians opportunities to develop craft skills and promote their potential .
in this context , the low-budget production area , by [giving] continuous employment , usefully offered directors and technicians opportunities to develop craft skills and promote their potential .

By providing the necessary ‘ junk ’ ( boxes , washing-up liquid bottles etc . )
by [giving] the necessary ‘ junk ’ ( boxes , washing-up liquid bottles etc . )

By providing practical assistance on one or more mornings to lead or help lead craft , drama or games activities .
by [giving] practical assistance on one or more mornings to lead or help lead craft , drama or games activities .

Although they suffer from a shortage of personnel themselves it is the young churches who are now providing the Church with missionaries .
although they suffer from a shortage of personnel themselves it is the young churches who are now [giving] the church with missionaries .

It requires member states to set rules on mandatory bids , providing information to shareholders and treating them equally .
it requires member states to set rules on mandatory bids , [giving] information to shareholders and treating them equally .

Ferranti continued with presentations yesterday to the group of more than 10 companies believed to have expressed an interest in bidding for the company or providing it with equity capital .
ferranti continued with presentations yesterday to the group of more than 10 companies believed to have expressed an interest in bidding for the company or [giving] it with equity capital .

With evidence drawn from his field-work in Great Britain , Fielding showed how some constables place primacy upon providing counselling assistance , displaying forbearance in their dealings with the public , and in possessing the communication skills to process the encounter with the public smoothly and to enlist the support of members of the public .
with evidence drawn from his field-work in great britain , fielding showed how some constables place primacy upon [giving] counselling assistance , displaying forbearance in their dealings with the public , and in possessing the communication skills to process the encounter with the public smoothly and to enlist the support of members of the public .

Moreover , each patch has to be walked by two men : one providing cover for the other while he polices his beat , so that each spends only half of the shift on their particular area .
moreover , each patch has to be walked by two men : one [giving] cover for the other while he polices his beat , so that each spends only half of the shift on their particular area .

Towards the end of field-work , after a neighbourhood policeman had been murdered in another area , which up until then had been considered ‘ soft ’ , with no threat from terrorists , Easton 's neighbourhood men began going out in threes , with two men providing cover , so that only a third of beat time was devoted to each neighbourhood patch .
towards the end of field-work , after a neighbourhood policeman had been murdered in another area , which up until then had been considered ‘ soft ’ , with no threat from terrorists , easton 's neighbourhood men began going out in threes , with two men [giving] cover , so that only a third of beat time was devoted to each neighbourhood patch .

Although section 25 , as re-enacted , no longer required the court to attempt to place the parties in the financial position they would have been in had the marriage not broken down , it did not , in her Ladyship 's judgment , circumscribe the court 's discretion so as to limit it to providing for the wife to become self-sufficient .
although section 25 , as re-enacted , no longer required the court to attempt to place the parties in the financial position they would have been in had the marriage not broken down , it did not , in her ladyship 's judgment , circumscribe the court 's discretion so as to limit it to [giving] for the wife to become self-sufficient .

He regards it as a way forward for the museum and a means of providing a window for many more people on Britain 's scientific and technological expertise .
he regards it as a way forward for the museum and a means of [giving] a window for many more people on britain 's scientific and technological expertise .

‘ But there is no need whatever for this to mean recession , providing business and industry keep a firm control of their costs , including wage costs in particular .
‘ but there is no need whatever for this to mean recession , [giving] business and industry keep a firm control of their costs , including wage costs in particular .

Each lawyer should be in full charge of case management of all application and appeals within his group , giving procedural advice to litigants in person , and , where necessary , providing summaries of the issues raised for the use of the judges .
each lawyer should be in full charge of case management of all application and appeals within his group , giving procedural advice to litigants in person , and , where necessary , [giving] summaries of the issues raised for the use of the judges .

The lawyers would also have other duties , such as providing an up-to-date data base of the court 's decisions relevant to each group .
the lawyers would also have other duties , such as [giving] an up-to-date data base of the court 's decisions relevant to each group .

During a debate on party organisation , some representatives complained that Conservative Central Office was not providing Tory workers with the necessary back-up to sustain and win support at the grass roots .
during a debate on party organisation , some representatives complained that conservative central office was not [giving] tory workers with the necessary back-up to sustain and win support at the grass roots .

Because of this , foreign currency mortgages , which are being sold very heavily at the moment by financial intermediaries ( linked to banks and other financial institutions which are providing the funds ) , are only for the financially sophisticated .
because of this , foreign currency mortgages , which are being sold very heavily at the moment by financial intermediaries ( linked to banks and other financial institutions which are [giving] the funds ) , are only for the financially sophisticated .

According to employee benefit specialists , Mercer Fraser , the cost of providing a creche for 75 children would be £590,966 in the first year with an ongoing cost of £290,966 a year .
according to employee benefit specialists , mercer fraser , the cost of [giving] a creche for 75 children would be £590,966 in the first year with an ongoing cost of £290,966 a year .

At the end of five years the employer providing a creche will have paid £2,154,830 while employers providing equivalent cash or childcare cheques will have paid half that at £1,076,885 and £1,077,000 respectively .
at the end of five years the employer [giving] a creche will have paid £2,154,830 while employers [giving] equivalent cash or childcare cheques will have paid half that at £1,076,885 and £1,077,000 respectively .

Mr Gandhi has an election coming up and a big one-day cricket tournament not only goes down well with the electorate , but also goes a long way towards providing a short-term solution to the unemployment problem .
mr gandhi has an election coming up and a big one-day cricket tournament not only goes down well with the electorate , but also goes a long way towards [giving] a short-term solution to the unemployment problem .

That last statement sounds uncharacteristically naive on the part of the former stockbroker whose shrewd reading of the form book has been greatly instrumental in providing the wherewithal to build possibly the most up-to-date training establishment north of Watford Gap .
that last statement sounds uncharacteristically naive on the part of the former stockbroker whose shrewd reading of the form book has been greatly instrumental in [giving] the wherewithal to build possibly the most up-to-date training establishment north of watford gap .

‘ The press ( and television ) increasingly make their money ( or secure their viewers ) by providing entertainment .
‘ the press ( and television ) increasingly make their money ( or secure their viewers ) by [giving] entertainment .

This is a booklet providing information on all types of breaks , both at home and away from home .
this is a booklet [giving] information on all types of breaks , both at home and away from home .

The inn was generally the largest of the three , providing accommodation as well as beverages , and was typically located in market places or on through routes .
the inn was generally the largest of the three , [giving] accommodation as well as beverages , and was typically located in market places or on through routes .

Good health is not just about providing efficient , high quality medical services .
good health is not just about [giving] efficient , high quality medical services .

It is an important feature of being independent and a vital ingredient of providing care in the community to people with all kinds of disabilities .
it is an important feature of being independent and a vital ingredient of [giving] care in the community to people with all kinds of disabilities .

Providing the disabled person is entitled to receive mobility allowance , it need not necessarily be the disabled person who has to be the driver of the vehicle .
[giving] the disabled person is entitled to receive mobility allowance , it need not necessarily be the disabled person who has to be the driver of the vehicle .

In addition to providing help for the hiring and buying of cars , Motability also has a wheelchair hire scheme covering both manual and powered models .
in addition to [giving] help for the hiring and buying of cars , motability also has a wheelchair hire scheme covering both manual and powered models .

House and greenhouse This is a month of changeover in the greenhouse , with this year 's plants providing cuttings for the next
house and greenhouse this is a month of changeover in the greenhouse , with this year 's plants [giving] cuttings for the next

Providing the planting is done correctly , a variety of receptacles can be used : old baking bowls , fruit dishes , even chamberpots .
[giving] the planting is done correctly , a variety of receptacles can be used : old baking bowls , fruit dishes , even chamberpots .

After all , we have been reaping rewards from the vegetable garden for months : the soil ca n't go on and on providing if its own storehouse is not replenished .
after all , we have been reaping rewards from the vegetable garden for months : the soil ca n't go on and on [giving] if its own storehouse is not replenished .

Auto-Waterer Take the guesswork out of watering growbags by raising the bags off the ground and providing a reservoir beneath them .
auto-waterer take the guesswork out of watering growbags by raising the bags off the ground and [giving] a reservoir beneath them .

Within the garden , hedges are valuable for marking off special areas , providing shelter for delicate plants and hiding utility areas or eyesores .
within the garden , hedges are valuable for marking off special areas , [giving] shelter for delicate plants and hiding utility areas or eyesores .

Actually , providing your timing is reasonable , this is not too dangerous , because you will be interrupting the attacking technique close to its source , when it is at its weakest .
actually , [giving] your timing is reasonable , this is not too dangerous , because you will be interrupting the attacking technique close to its source , when it is at its weakest .

Do n't fall for this but draw him out instead by providing openings .
do n't fall for this but draw him out instead by [giving] openings .

By providing core beliefs , and by reinforcing their separateness for both alliances , religious beliefs and institutions equally suppress class divisions , become embroiled in cementing alliances , and help retain the overall divisional structure of Ireland as a whole .
by [giving] core beliefs , and by reinforcing their separateness for both alliances , religious beliefs and institutions equally suppress class divisions , become embroiled in cementing alliances , and help retain the overall divisional structure of ireland as a whole .

It could be argued that the myths of Ulster protestantism and the institution of the Orange order take the place of the more centralized clerical organization of Roman catholicism in providing some element of overall religious unity among protestant loyalists .
it could be argued that the myths of ulster protestantism and the institution of the orange order take the place of the more centralized clerical organization of roman catholicism in [giving] some element of overall religious unity among protestant loyalists .

In the remaining chapters , it is argued that religion in Ireland basically solidifies the opposing alliances in an exclusive way and precludes a common state form , thus providing the structure of violence which such divisions entail .
in the remaining chapters , it is argued that religion in ireland basically solidifies the opposing alliances in an exclusive way and precludes a common state form , thus [giving] the structure of violence which such divisions entail .

The new Fianna Fáil Party , under the leadership of Eamon de Valera , was intent on asserting Irish independence to the full by leaving the empire and providing a president to replace the monarchy , thus becoming the Republic of Ireland .
the new fianna fáil party , under the leadership of eamon de valera , was intent on asserting irish independence to the full by leaving the empire and [giving] a president to replace the monarchy , thus becoming the republic of ireland .

Dáil members would act on a decision of the hierarchy once that hierarchy had said the teaching of the church was at issue , providing of course that the area in question was a grey one , a new territory not previously covered by the generally accepted sacred-profane spheres .
dáil members would act on a decision of the hierarchy once that hierarchy had said the teaching of the church was at issue , [giving] of course that the area in question was a grey one , a new territory not previously covered by the generally accepted sacred-profane spheres .

No law shall be enacted providing for the grant of a dissolution of marriage . The proposed change involved the deletion of this and its substitution by the following :
no law shall be enacted [giving] for the grant of a dissolution of marriage . the proposed change involved the deletion of this and its substitution by the following :

This is the only court of appeal for cases tried by the military court , and looks only at points of law and not at facts and findings , thus providing a restricted appeal .
this is the only court of appeal for cases tried by the military court , and looks only at points of law and not at facts and findings , thus [giving] a restricted appeal .

How did it all begin ? Peter Benenson , in his original article in the Observer in 1961 , envisaged a central ‘ library ’ , providing information on prisoners of conscience ‘ to any group , existing or new , in any part of the world , which decides to join in a special effort in favour of freedom of opinion or religion . ’
how did it all begin ? peter benenson , in his original article in the observer in 1961 , envisaged a central ‘ library ’ , [giving] information on prisoners of conscience ‘ to any group , existing or new , in any part of the world , which decides to join in a special effort in favour of freedom of opinion or religion . ’

Grilled beef can take any style providing that it 's not too sweet ( as German mustards are ) or flavoured with an unsuitable herb such as dill .
grilled beef can take any style [giving] that it 's not too sweet ( as german mustards are ) or flavoured with an unsuitable herb such as dill .

The Ranfurly Library Service is a charity which helps combat the critical shortage of books in developing countries , by providing carefully selected consignments of books in response to urgent requests from schools , colleges , hospitals and other institutions .
the ranfurly library service is a charity which helps combat the critical shortage of books in developing countries , by [giving] carefully selected consignments of books in response to urgent requests from schools , colleges , hospitals and other institutions .

Businesses can also help by providing management skills , technical expertise and sponsorship for community based crime prevention projects .
businesses can also help by [giving] management skills , technical expertise and sponsorship for community based crime prevention projects .

Like Denmark , Holland is one of the more go-ahead countries with regard to the sexually transmitted diseases , but , lacking the centralized pathology laboratory , the standard outside the four clinics ( two in Rotterdam and one each in Amsterdam and Utrecht — there are no provincial or peripheral clinics ) is variable , with a few private practitioners providing the only reasonable alternative .
like denmark , holland is one of the more go-ahead countries with regard to the sexually transmitted diseases , but , lacking the centralized pathology laboratory , the standard outside the four clinics ( two in rotterdam and one each in amsterdam and utrecht — there are no provincial or peripheral clinics ) is variable , with a few private practitioners [giving] the only reasonable alternative .

Technological advances within the recording industry , although providing interesting new extensions on popular noise , have had a number of diverse effects .
technological advances within the recording industry , although [giving] interesting new extensions on popular noise , have had a number of diverse effects .

One of the lighter aspects of the tour was the plight of the hamburger salesmen ; lighter moment providing you are n't a hamburger salesman , that is .
one of the lighter aspects of the tour was the plight of the hamburger salesmen ; lighter moment [giving] you are n't a hamburger salesman , that is .

Providing he retains control ( which he has so far succeeded in doing ) , he can play the media and not be affected by the media 's idiosyncrasy .
[giving] he retains control ( which he has so far succeeded in doing ) , he can play the media and not be affected by the media 's idiosyncrasy .

But , if they ca n't break the star system , if it is impossible for a band of this stature to remain an ‘ ordinary existence ’ ( although it must be stated that New Order deliberately unglamourise their existence , wisely slowing down their schedules and viciously guarding their faceless media presence . New Order sell tremendous amounts of records and walk free among the streets of Manchester ) then would n't it be possible for the band to break rock'n'roll traditions by providing alternatives to the old rock show format ?
but , if they ca n't break the star system , if it is impossible for a band of this stature to remain an ‘ ordinary existence ’ ( although it must be stated that new order deliberately unglamourise their existence , wisely slowing down their schedules and viciously guarding their faceless media presence . new order sell tremendous amounts of records and walk free among the streets of manchester ) then would n't it be possible for the band to break rock'n'roll traditions by [giving] alternatives to the old rock show format ?

Most cookery columns have settled into providing metric measurements first , followed by ounces .
most cookery columns have settled into [giving] metric measurements first , followed by ounces .

For the lawyers , however , the case of Smith v. Smith is a nice fat nonzero sum game , with the Smiths providing the payoffs and the two professionals milking their clients ' joint account in elaborately coded cooperation .
for the lawyers , however , the case of smith v. smith is a nice fat nonzero sum game , with the smiths [giving] the payoffs and the two professionals milking their clients ' joint account in elaborately coded cooperation .

Each step leads us upward and forward , each providing further transformation of our lives before God and before ourselves in the light of God .
each step leads us upward and forward , each [giving] further transformation of our lives before god and before ourselves in the light of god .

And hopefully it will lead us on to deepen and enrich ourselves , providing a strong foundation for a new way of life .
and hopefully it will lead us on to deepen and enrich ourselves , [giving] a strong foundation for a new way of life .

’ Cash profits are necessary ; but the nearer a community can come to providing its own basic requirements of food , shelter , and energy , the less cash is needed for the luxuries .
’ cash profits are necessary ; but the nearer a community can come to [giving] its own basic requirements of food , shelter , and energy , the less cash is needed for the luxuries .

Wool , beef , dairy products , and cereals became more and more commercial sources of wealth , as opposed to providing for local self-sufficiency , and were concentrated in the areas most suited to their cheap production .
wool , beef , dairy products , and cereals became more and more commercial sources of wealth , as opposed to [giving] for local self-sufficiency , and were concentrated in the areas most suited to their cheap production .

To realize the full potential of his land a farmer must enlist the support of many allies by providing conditions in which they will thrive .
to realize the full potential of his land a farmer must enlist the support of many allies by [giving] conditions in which they will thrive .

Strong wheats contain a large amount of good-quality gluten providing an elastic dough which rises well for baking bread .
strong wheats contain a large amount of good-quality gluten [giving] an elastic dough which rises well for baking bread .

The outside thatch is bleached by sun and weather , but the crop inside dries green and succulent , providing very high feed value .
the outside thatch is bleached by sun and weather , but the crop inside dries green and succulent , [giving] very high feed value .

Now the architect , Halsey Ricardo , had designed a station in redbrick gigantism , providing a dramatic contrast with the syncretic graces of Bombay 's Victoria Terminus .
now the architect , halsey ricardo , had designed a station in redbrick gigantism , [giving] a dramatic contrast with the syncretic graces of bombay 's victoria terminus .

Its classical central waiting-room had a touch of the first Euston about it , eighty years removed , and South Australian railways were so proud of it that they promptly published a booklet providing statistics of its dimensions , quantities of building materials used , and so on .
its classical central waiting-room had a touch of the first euston about it , eighty years removed , and south australian railways were so proud of it that they promptly published a booklet [giving] statistics of its dimensions , quantities of building materials used , and so on .

These stations , in providing a large space for parcels , traffic clerks , telegraph offices , and sometimes a post office , reflected the particular needs of rural and small-town communities in New Zealand at that time .
these stations , in [giving] a large space for parcels , traffic clerks , telegraph offices , and sometimes a post office , reflected the particular needs of rural and small-town communities in new zealand at that time .

The president became the Minister of Education with the duty to secure the effective execution by local authorities , under his control and direction , of the national policy for providing a varied and comprehensive educational service in every area .
the president became the minister of education with the duty to secure the effective execution by local authorities , under his control and direction , of the national policy for [giving] a varied and comprehensive educational service in every area .

The award of the first State scholarship , providing access to a university , was celebrated with a day 's holiday for the whole school in the 1930s .
the award of the first state scholarship , [giving] access to a university , was celebrated with a day 's holiday for the whole school in the 1930s .

Meanwhile , the very best must be made of the existing stem by providing new secondary modern schools and adding grammar-school streams to those which already exist , by encouraging late transfers , by improving standards in the State sector , and raising to sixteen the school-leaving age .
meanwhile , the very best must be made of the existing stem by [giving] new secondary modern schools and adding grammar-school streams to those which already exist , by encouraging late transfers , by improving standards in the state sector , and raising to sixteen the school-leaving age .

The early hope was that the Council would help this process by encouraging and disseminating good practice , and by providing a broad framework within which diversity would flourish .
the early hope was that the council would help this process by encouraging and disseminating good practice , and by [giving] a broad framework within which diversity would flourish .

The schools were expensive , and necessarily exclusive , in part because of the considerable burdens of providing boarding education .
the schools were expensive , and necessarily exclusive , in part because of the considerable burdens of [giving] boarding education .

Two weeks later a letter arrived from the solicitors for the archdiocese providing the assurance that we sought .
two weeks later a letter arrived from the solicitors for the archdiocese [giving] the assurance that we sought .

Experience shows that there are a wide range of uses that preserve the landmark value of the building while providing a necessary investment for its adaptation .
experience shows that there are a wide range of uses that preserve the landmark value of the building while [giving] a necessary investment for its adaptation .

The main aim must be to find a public use providing public access .
the main aim must be to find a public use [giving] public access .

Manchester 's former flower market , the Lower Campfield Hall , now houses the air and space gallery of the city 's Science Museum , the high roofs providing ample space for large exhibits .
manchester 's former flower market , the lower campfield hall , now houses the air and space gallery of the city 's science museum , the high roofs [giving] ample space for large exhibits .

Last word from the local council was that they were in favour of providing some form of skateboard facility .
last word from the local council was that they were in favour of [giving] some form of skateboard facility .

At the moment he 'd still have time to drive down on to the autobahn — providing the freezing fog came no closer .
at the moment he 'd still have time to drive down on to the autobahn — [giving] the freezing fog came no closer .

One of the implications of the argument , which there is not space to develop here , is the suggestive qualification which is offered to that familiar figure of cinematic theory , the Symbolic Father — Nom du Père , figure of the Law , administrator of knowledge and prohibition — by the determining centrality for television of the concepts of flow and nourishment and their symbolic association with the providing , mediating Mother .
one of the implications of the argument , which there is not space to develop here , is the suggestive qualification which is offered to that familiar figure of cinematic theory , the symbolic father — nom du père , figure of the law , administrator of knowledge and prohibition — by the determining centrality for television of the concepts of flow and nourishment and their symbolic association with the [giving] , mediating mother .

The academic scientist who seeks and identifies a new chemical messenger is providing his industrial colleagues with the basis for a whole new range of drugs , and the industrial pharmacologist who screens a range of new chemical entities and finds one which alters the behaviour of the brain is offering a new tool for his academic brethren .
the academic scientist who seeks and identifies a new chemical messenger is [giving] his industrial colleagues with the basis for a whole new range of drugs , and the industrial pharmacologist who screens a range of new chemical entities and finds one which alters the behaviour of the brain is offering a new tool for his academic brethren .

All dog shows where championship points are awarded are held under the rules and regulations of the American Kennel Club , who are responsible for providing qualified judges , keeping records of points and a register of pure-bred dogs .
all dog shows where championship points are awarded are held under the rules and regulations of the american kennel club , who are responsible for [giving] qualified judges , keeping records of points and a register of pure-bred dogs .

No-one accompanying thoroughbreds expects to glide along aisles adjusting headphones , providing pillows and dispensing drinks , other than the odd bucket of water .
no-one accompanying thoroughbreds expects to glide along aisles adjusting headphones , [giving] pillows and dispensing drinks , other than the odd bucket of water .

This is a stimulating and rewarding read , providing insight into why and how a writer operates , as well as creating interest in Scottish and Irish poetry that is so often neglected by the English establishment .
this is a stimulating and rewarding read , [giving] insight into why and how a writer operates , as well as creating interest in scottish and irish poetry that is so often neglected by the english establishment .

On paper , it says , the constitution was a step towards genuine democracy by providing for direct and secret elections , and widening citizens ' rights .
on paper , it says , the constitution was a step towards genuine democracy by [giving] for direct and secret elections , and widening citizens ' rights .

Providing the valuer had been honest and diligent , the court should be cautious before convicting him of professional negligence merely because he had failed to be the first to spot a ‘ sleeper ’ .
[giving] the valuer had been honest and diligent , the court should be cautious before convicting him of professional negligence merely because he had failed to be the first to spot a ‘ sleeper ’ .

The acquisitions — and the cost of converting scores of Greenall pubs into Premier House outlets providing food and with budget accommodation — pushed up the company 's interest charge by 40 per cent to nearly £20million in the year .
the acquisitions — and the cost of converting scores of greenall pubs into premier house outlets [giving] food and with budget accommodation — pushed up the company 's interest charge by 40 per cent to nearly £20million in the year .

She had £8,000 in the Gibraltar fund , a substantial slice of which was providing her with a monthly income .
she had £8,000 in the gibraltar fund , a substantial slice of which was [giving] her with a monthly income .

Those aged 70 and over are often charged double or three times the standard premium , though providing you are fit and healthy , Barclays , Thomas Cook and Pickfords charge the standard rate .
those aged 70 and over are often charged double or three times the standard premium , though [giving] you are fit and healthy , barclays , thomas cook and pickfords charge the standard rate .

They will survive without water for up to two weeks ( providing you do n't forget to water too often ) and love hot weather .
they will survive without water for up to two weeks ( [giving] you do n't forget to water too often ) and love hot weather .

What makes them interesting is the interplay between depressed singer and band that is capable of creating subtle guitar and synth textures , providing languid settings for a piece like Free , then pushing into country , or a blues riff ( on Get Out Of My Mirror ) , and proves that it can really stretch out when given a chance , as at the end of New Day Dawning .
what makes them interesting is the interplay between depressed singer and band that is capable of creating subtle guitar and synth textures , [giving] languid settings for a piece like free , then pushing into country , or a blues riff ( on get out of my mirror ) , and proves that it can really stretch out when given a chance , as at the end of new day dawning .

Aims : to help both the physically and mentally handicapped , by both providing and contributing towards sporting facilities .
aims : to help both the physically and mentally handicapped , by both [giving] and contributing towards sporting facilities .

There could have been a fourth cup there , for Great Britain and Ireland had also won the Eisenhower Trophy for the World Amateur Team Championships , providing also the winner of the individual section .
there could have been a fourth cup there , for great britain and ireland had also won the eisenhower trophy for the world amateur team championships , [giving] also the winner of the individual section .

With two brand new kitchens on view ; ‘ Westminster ’ , which is available in three colourways — nearly-black anthracite , pearlised white and rich cream with a metallic lustre — as well as ‘ Chippenham ’ , providing limed oak luxury , Wilson & Glick now have 13 kitchens in their range , 7 of which were on show to the public .
with two brand new kitchens on view ; ‘ westminster ’ , which is available in three colourways — nearly-black anthracite , pearlised white and rich cream with a metallic lustre — as well as ‘ chippenham ’ , [giving] limed oak luxury , wilson & glick now have 13 kitchens in their range , 7 of which were on show to the public .

By adhering to their policy of providing ‘ higher quality at lower prices ’ , coupled with a total design and installation service with delivery within a week to ten days , Wilson & Glick have maintained a continuous growth in sales since the company was formed in 1987 , despite the current down turn in the market generally .
by adhering to their policy of [giving] ‘ higher quality at lower prices ’ , coupled with a total design and installation service with delivery within a week to ten days , wilson & glick have maintained a continuous growth in sales since the company was formed in 1987 , despite the current down turn in the market generally .

The ‘ Directions ’ range is a bold step towards the future ; stripes and motifs providing dramatic effects .
the ‘ directions ’ range is a bold step towards the future ; stripes and motifs [giving] dramatic effects .

It also shows the shortcomings of international law in not providing a mechanism for dealing with such situations .
it also shows the shortcomings of international law in not [giving] a mechanism for dealing with such situations .

The breweries , which include Tooheys and Swan lager , are the powerhouse of the Corporation , providing by far the majority of cash flow with which to meet mounting debt payments , running at A$4million a day .
the breweries , which include tooheys and swan lager , are the powerhouse of the corporation , [giving] by far the majority of cash flow with which to meet mounting debt payments , running at a$4million a day .

In a Mercedes , a marque known for providing an almost absurd amount of legroom for its drivers , this is a bad fault .
in a mercedes , a marque known for [giving] an almost absurd amount of legroom for its drivers , this is a bad fault .

Hoover concluded that consumer preferences must be met by providing models for national markets that incorporated the specific features market research had brought to light .
hoover concluded that consumer preferences must be met by [giving] models for national markets that incorporated the specific features market research had brought to light .

’ In other words , they 're taking a lot of the task that used to be given to manufacturers away from them and so manufacturers today are not by and large so concerned with manufacturing brands which are their own and will sit on retailers ' shelves as with providing a product for a retailer who wants to construct his own brand .
’ in other words , they 're taking a lot of the task that used to be given to manufacturers away from them and so manufacturers today are not by and large so concerned with manufacturing brands which are their own and will sit on retailers ' shelves as with [giving] a product for a retailer who wants to construct his own brand .

Ingredients obtained from the Third World , providing work and sustenance to underprivileged societies , go into products which are sold to the more fortunate , the profits of which go into her educational programme aimed at making people more aware of the critical issues of our times .
ingredients obtained from the third world , [giving] work and sustenance to underprivileged societies , go into products which are sold to the more fortunate , the profits of which go into her educational programme aimed at making people more aware of the critical issues of our times .

When the responsibility for providing medical care is focused and vested in a department of government , all the aspirations to improvement are bound to strengthen the institution .
when the responsibility for [giving] medical care is focused and vested in a department of government , all the aspirations to improvement are bound to strengthen the institution .

The close links between the Fabians and Milner 's kindergarten on the one hand , and the personal link in Chamberlain 's own career between radical reform and tariff imperialism — he wanted the Conservative Party to hypothecate the financial yield of the preferential tariff to providing old age pensions — are reminders that at the beginning of the century ‘ social imperialism ’ did not sound the paradox it does today , and that the forefathers of modern British Socialism are to be found in larger numbers in the ranks of the imperialists than of the Little Englanders .
the close links between the fabians and milner 's kindergarten on the one hand , and the personal link in chamberlain 's own career between radical reform and tariff imperialism — he wanted the conservative party to hypothecate the financial yield of the preferential tariff to [giving] old age pensions — are reminders that at the beginning of the century ‘ social imperialism ’ did not sound the paradox it does today , and that the forefathers of modern british socialism are to be found in larger numbers in the ranks of the imperialists than of the little englanders .

If you can afford one , a good plugger can benefit both the artist and the radio station by acting as a fixer for guest appearances , or providing news and creative ideas ; but like everything , some pluggers are better than others , and radio producers usually prefer to exercise their own musical judgement and not to pander to pluggers ' suggestions .
if you can afford one , a good plugger can benefit both the artist and the radio station by acting as a fixer for guest appearances , or [giving] news and creative ideas ; but like everything , some pluggers are better than others , and radio producers usually prefer to exercise their own musical judgement and not to pander to pluggers ' suggestions .

In fact , government-owned companies , far from providing support to national revenues , became a major drain upon them as is apparent from the following summary from the government 's own Economic Survey of 1982 of the state of Tanzania 's state-owned textile mills :
in fact , government-owned companies , far from [giving] support to national revenues , became a major drain upon them as is apparent from the following summary from the government 's own economic survey of 1982 of the state of tanzania 's state-owned textile mills :

Other African communities , such as the Lozi on the Barotse floodplain in western Zambia , and , on a smaller scale the Yoruba in western Nigeria , maintained livestock herds which were essentially secondary to their crop production , providing manure for crops on an ad hoc basis .
other african communities , such as the lozi on the barotse floodplain in western zambia , and , on a smaller scale the yoruba in western nigeria , maintained livestock herds which were essentially secondary to their crop production , [giving] manure for crops on an ad hoc basis .

If the consortium agreed to support the overall programme funds would be given , on an agreed schedule , providing the strategies were retained .
if the consortium agreed to support the overall programme funds would be given , on an agreed schedule , [giving] the strategies were retained .

Already we are providing , through the Association 's War Pensions Officer and Area Welfare Officers , support to our sister charities , and in turn we have benefited from co-operation in the design of training courses .
already we are [giving] , through the association 's war pensions officer and area welfare officers , support to our sister charities , and in turn we have benefited from co-operation in the design of training courses .

Once again the Association is most grateful to Mr and Mrs Frank Cannon and their fellow trustees for their generosity in providing superb holidays for Association members at the Chateau de Monviel in France .
once again the association is most grateful to mr and mrs frank cannon and their fellow trustees for their generosity in [giving] superb holidays for association members at the chateau de monviel in france .

It is gratifying that the initial residents have built up a very happy family atmosphere , and have expressed their thanks to the Association for providing them with what they now regard as their home .
it is gratifying that the initial residents have built up a very happy family atmosphere , and have expressed their thanks to the association for [giving] them with what they now regard as their home .

Residual Bequest ( after providing for your family and friends )
residual bequest ( after [giving] for your family and friends )

Providing extra amenities in a particular home
[giving] extra amenities in a particular home

Help the Appeal by — House to house collections during September Street collections during September Cinema collections Organising a fund raising event Providing Publicity opportunities Provide other assistance .
help the appeal by — house to house collections during september street collections during september cinema collections organising a fund raising event [giving] publicity opportunities provide other assistance .

But the sheer impossibility of providing a national network of food and oil delivery made these efforts relatively ineffective , especially in the absence of legal or financial sanctions against the unions .
but the sheer impossibility of [giving] a national network of food and oil delivery made these efforts relatively ineffective , especially in the absence of legal or financial sanctions against the unions .

The next morning 's walk was superb , with the altitude providing just enough breeze to stop everyone from boiling over .
the next morning 's walk was superb , with the altitude [giving] just enough breeze to stop everyone from boiling over .

These will have the dual benefit of providing an information service for visitors and supporting village shops , an essential element of the local community .
these will have the dual benefit of [giving] an information service for visitors and supporting village shops , an essential element of the local community .

In the last 40 years an estimated 25 000 acres of these scarred landscapes have been flooded , providing important nesting and roosting sites for many waterbirds .
in the last 40 years an estimated 25 000 acres of these scarred landscapes have been flooded , [giving] important nesting and roosting sites for many waterbirds .

The path winds its way around the Newtown river and Clamerkin Lake providing some fine estuary walking and taking you inland a little .
the path winds its way around the newtown river and clamerkin lake [giving] some fine estuary walking and taking you inland a little .

Professional clubs formed themselves into limited liability companies not to speculate in the entertainment business but to make legally secure the cost of providing facilities .
professional clubs formed themselves into limited liability companies not to speculate in the entertainment business but to make legally secure the cost of [giving] facilities .

The Sporting Life , which was essentially a racing-paper , had a circulation of 300,000 by the 1880s and the Athletic News , a weekly journal begun from Manchester in 1875 , which concentrated on providing a wide range of football match reports ‘ was soon claiming 100 ‘ 000 .
the sporting life , which was essentially a racing-paper , had a circulation of 300,000 by the 1880s and the athletic news , a weekly journal begun from manchester in 1875 , which concentrated on [giving] a wide range of football match reports ‘ was soon claiming 100 ‘ 000 .

The role of sponsorship and television together has brought vast amounts of new money into sport , providing high earnings for tournament winners or top team-players .
the role of sponsorship and television together has brought vast amounts of new money into sport , [giving] high earnings for tournament winners or top team-players .

The efforts of the state have mainly gone into providing better facilities for sport , especially in inner cities .
the efforts of the state have mainly gone into [giving] better facilities for sport , especially in inner cities .

Increasingly publicans took over the task of providing facilities for sports which had once been enjoyed on the streets or on common land .
increasingly publicans took over the task of [giving] facilities for sports which had once been enjoyed on the streets or on common land .

Cornering adjustability verges on the sensational , providing huge entertainment , though the brakes are oversensitive .
cornering adjustability verges on the sensational , [giving] huge entertainment , though the brakes are oversensitive .

She saw herself as providing the political resolution that had been lacking hitherto .
she saw herself as [giving] the political resolution that had been lacking hitherto .

Mrs Thatcher , however , has remained a mobilizer ; she clearly regards herself as Heath plus , providing greater political will and persistence .
mrs thatcher , however , has remained a mobilizer ; she clearly regards herself as heath plus , [giving] greater political will and persistence .

In 1983 she spoke of the general election providing a ‘ choice ’ between two ways of life ; before the 1987 election she spoke of the election as the opportunity to ‘ kill off ’ left-wing socialism .
in 1983 she spoke of the general election [giving] a ‘ choice ’ between two ways of life ; before the 1987 election she spoke of the election as the opportunity to ‘ kill off ’ left-wing socialism .

was increasingly viewed as providing insight into the fundamental truths of creation , in which nature as manifested in the unassailable reality of bones and organs was taken to be the only foundation of the moral order , a biology of incommensurability became the means by which such differences could be authoritatively represented .
was increasingly viewed as [giving] insight into the fundamental truths of creation , in which nature as manifested in the unassailable reality of bones and organs was taken to be the only foundation of the moral order , a biology of incommensurability became the means by which such differences could be authoritatively represented .

Comparing television with the press , for example , the public rated television a full 1.0 marks better than the press for providing issue-information , and 0.7 marks better on providing leader-information , but only 0.3 marks better for helping viewers and readers decide how to vote ( Table 6.9 ) .
comparing television with the press , for example , the public rated television a full 1.0 marks better than the press for [giving] issue-information , and 0.7 marks better on [giving] leader-information , but only 0.3 marks better for helping viewers and readers decide how to vote ( table 6.9 ) .

The factors influencing ratings given to television for providing information on personalities and issues were almost identical to each other .
the factors influencing ratings given to television for [giving] information on personalities and issues were almost identical to each other .

But information seekers did not rate the press , unlike television , particularly highly for providing information .
but information seekers did not rate the press , unlike television , particularly highly for [giving] information .

Conversely , reinforcement seekers found the press , unlike television , specially useful , at least for providing information about personalities .
conversely , reinforcement seekers found the press , unlike television , specially useful , at least for [giving] information about personalities .

By a majority of 56 per cent to 22 per cent , citizens found television more useful than the press for providing issue-information ( a further 22 per cent found them equally useful ) .
by a majority of 56 per cent to 22 per cent , citizens found television more useful than the press for [giving] issue-information ( a further 22 per cent found them equally useful ) .

By a smaller majority of 48 per cent to 30 per cent , they found tele-Vision more useful than the press for providing information about party leaders ( with 22 per cent , once again , rating the two sources equally useful ) .
by a smaller majority of 48 per cent to 30 per cent , they found tele-vision more useful than the press for [giving] information about party leaders ( with 22 per cent , once again , rating the two sources equally useful ) .

For providing issue-information , persistent readers of the Sun or Star preferred television to the press by 67 per cent to 12 per cent : a majority of 55 per cent .
for [giving] issue-information , persistent readers of the sun or star preferred television to the press by 67 per cent to 12 per cent : a majority of 55 per cent .

Reinforcement seekers gave PEBs high ratings for providing information about party leaders while vote-guidance seekers gave both PEBs and party leaflets high ratings on issues and voting choice .
reinforcement seekers gave pebs high ratings for [giving] information about party leaders while vote-guidance seekers gave both pebs and party leaflets high ratings on issues and voting choice .

people who discussed politics more during the campaign gave personal conversations a somewhat higher rating for providing information on the issues , but not for other purposes .
people who discussed politics more during the campaign gave personal conversations a somewhat higher rating for [giving] information on the issues , but not for other purposes .

Although the public preferred television to the press for all purposes , they preferred television most of all for providing information about the issues .
although the public preferred television to the press for all purposes , they preferred television most of all for [giving] information about the issues .

Overall , although readers were well aware that their papers were relatively biased compared to television and although they rated television as much more useful for providing information about issues , they did not rate television much more useful in helping them decide how to vote .
overall , although readers were well aware that their papers were relatively biased compared to television and although they rated television as much more useful for [giving] information about issues , they did not rate television much more useful in helping them decide how to vote .

Despite their scepticism , readers said they found the press useful , particularly for guiding their voting decision if not for providing information .
despite their scepticism , readers said they found the press useful , particularly for guiding their voting decision if not for [giving] information .

Sceptics may doubt whether anyone would read it but our survey shows that viewers take PEBs seriously and rate them only slightly less useful than news broadcasts for helping decide how to vote ( though much less useful than news broadcasts for providing information ) .
sceptics may doubt whether anyone would read it but our survey shows that viewers take pebs seriously and rate them only slightly less useful than news broadcasts for helping decide how to vote ( though much less useful than news broadcasts for [giving] information ) .

He criticised the Prime Minister of Pakistan , Benazir Bhutto , saying she had become ‘ a cover ’ for continuing the war in Afghanistan by providing military help and training to the mujahedin .
he criticised the prime minister of pakistan , benazir bhutto , saying she had become ‘ a cover ’ for continuing the war in afghanistan by [giving] military help and training to the mujahedin .

Yet only weeks ago he was saying that existing derelict land was needed for greening the cities , and providing amenities for citizens .
yet only weeks ago he was saying that existing derelict land was needed for greening the cities , and [giving] amenities for citizens .

But it is clear the Treasury is holding out against providing substantial extra central funds , arguing it has no way of being sure that extra money will go into reducing the impact of the tax , rather than into increased spending .
but it is clear the treasury is holding out against [giving] substantial extra central funds , arguing it has no way of being sure that extra money will go into reducing the impact of the tax , rather than into increased spending .

The doubt is really whether Western companies have put a sufficiently high price on the information they are providing .
the doubt is really whether western companies have put a sufficiently high price on the information they are [giving] .

British Aerospace is said to be one of the key contenders to mount a rescue bid for Ferranti , a vital subcontractor providing navigational and radar equipment for BAe 's military aircraft .
british aerospace is said to be one of the key contenders to mount a rescue bid for ferranti , a vital subcontractor [giving] navigational and radar equipment for bae 's military aircraft .

Complete renewal , while providing a stage for experts to display their knowledge would deflect this limited resource from the true maintenance of historic houses , which is clearly a more valuable outlet for their talents .
complete renewal , while [giving] a stage for experts to display their knowledge would deflect this limited resource from the true maintenance of historic houses , which is clearly a more valuable outlet for their talents .

Equally significant is the fact that the developers are providing a two-storey building alongside for use by the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham .
equally significant is the fact that the developers are [giving] a two-storey building alongside for use by the london borough of hammersmith and fulham .

Instead of Farrell or Foster , Hammersmith settled for a flashy Post-Modern office and retail development which , while providing the sort of covered spaces the borough wanted , led nowhere architecturally .
instead of farrell or foster , hammersmith settled for a flashy post-modern office and retail development which , while [giving] the sort of covered spaces the borough wanted , led nowhere architecturally .

One led to Sir Colin Buchanan 's ‘ Traffic in Towns ’ report — which , for the first time , counted the environmental cost of providing lebensraum for cars .
one led to sir colin buchanan 's ‘ traffic in towns ’ report — which , for the first time , counted the environmental cost of [giving] lebensraum for cars .

Yet during the same period only £3.8bn was spent on providing , improving and maintaining Britain 's road network .
yet during the same period only £3.8bn was spent on [giving] , improving and maintaining britain 's road network .

Stressing ‘ equal opportunities ’ , improving maternity leave , providing career break schemes and condemning sexual harassment are all seen as ways of attracting women and ensuring them a fair deal .
stressing ‘ equal opportunities ’ , improving maternity leave , [giving] career break schemes and condemning sexual harassment are all seen as ways of attracting women and ensuring them a fair deal .

Asp ( automated similarity package ) guides this procedure by providing a quantitative measure of the similarity of the modified compound and the original structure .
asp ( automated similarity package ) guides this procedure by [giving] a quantitative measure of the similarity of the modified compound and the original structure .

The processing of contaminated groundwater in above-ground reactors has the advantage of providing plume management , because pumping water from the centre of a contaminant plume induces groundwater flow toward the well , thus preventing migration .
the processing of contaminated groundwater in above-ground reactors has the advantage of [giving] plume management , because pumping water from the centre of a contaminant plume induces groundwater flow toward the well , thus preventing migration .

Science offers a key to solving environmental problems by providing more data to construct better predictive models .
science offers a key to solving environmental problems by [giving] more data to construct better predictive models .

The meeting was brought to a fitting climax by Professor Brian Johnson ( Edinburgh ) , who gave a highly entertaining lecture on how studies of metal clusters are providing an intriguing insight into the interfacial region between solution and solid state reactivity .
the meeting was brought to a fitting climax by professor brian johnson ( edinburgh ) , who gave a highly entertaining lecture on how studies of metal clusters are [giving] an intriguing insight into the interfacial region between solution and solid state reactivity .

The reluctance of LEAs to use their powers under the 1918 Education Act to make direct provision for liberal adult education and the Board of Education 's powers under the 1921 Education Act to grant-aid university and national voluntary organisations providing liberal adult education led the new Ramsay MacDonald minority government to issue , somewhat hastily , the 1924 Adult Education Regulations effective from 1 August of that year .
the reluctance of leas to use their powers under the 1918 education act to make direct provision for liberal adult education and the board of education 's powers under the 1921 education act to grant-aid university and national voluntary organisations [giving] liberal adult education led the new ramsay macdonald minority government to issue , somewhat hastily , the 1924 adult education regulations effective from 1 august of that year .

The Circular exhorted LEAs to consider new ways of providing opportunities for adult education , including co-operation with universities and voluntary bodies .
the circular exhorted leas to consider new ways of [giving] opportunities for adult education , including co-operation with universities and voluntary bodies .

For example , in 1936–37 the costs of providing courses in rural Bedfordshire and Cambridgeshire had amounted to £330 in excess of grant earned under the Board of Education Regulations .
for example , in 1936–37 the costs of [giving] courses in rural bedfordshire and cambridgeshire had amounted to £330 in excess of grant earned under the board of education regulations .

The most significant and contentious was a geographical demarcation for each providing body .
the most significant and contentious was a geographical demarcation for each [giving] body .

The proposal centred on a definition of ‘ rural areas , intended to confer exclusive providing rights for each body .
the proposal centred on a definition of ‘ rural areas , intended to confer exclusive [giving] rights for each body .

As Hickson and Jacques worked together during the war , their mutual regard and close co-operation under adverse wartime conditions grew into a genuine partnership through which the providing bodies came to recognise their inter-dependence .
as hickson and jacques worked together during the war , their mutual regard and close co-operation under adverse wartime conditions grew into a genuine partnership through which the [giving] bodies came to recognise their inter-dependence .

In determining the amount of grant the Minister will have regard to the general standards of the courses maintained by them , the needs of the areas , the activities of other bodies providing further education in the area and the fees paid by students .
in determining the amount of grant the minister will have regard to the general standards of the courses maintained by them , the needs of the areas , the activities of other bodies [giving] further education in the area and the fees paid by students .

In Scotland local authorities have recognised the need for specialised resources and services which they are providing through visiting advisory services .
in scotland local authorities have recognised the need for specialised resources and services which they are [giving] through visiting advisory services .

The impact of modern technology is probably of profound importance , providing as it has relatively cheap information storage on film and communication equipment ( video and newspapers ) .
the impact of modern technology is probably of profound importance , [giving] as it has relatively cheap information storage on film and communication equipment ( video and newspapers ) .

With financial help from the British Government , Imperial Airways was established in 1924 , providing a fairly regular service for private passengers , to various parts of the world .
with financial help from the british government , imperial airways was established in 1924 , [giving] a fairly regular service for private passengers , to various parts of the world .

Grass was the main crop with sheep , dairy and beef cattle providing the animal enterprises which utilised the grass .
grass was the main crop with sheep , dairy and beef cattle [giving] the animal enterprises which utilised the grass .

The four turkey rearers consisted of one who was rearing 6,000 from day old to six weeks of age , and three providing for the Christmas trade , with numbers between 50 and 100 ; two of these have direct sales .
the four turkey rearers consisted of one who was rearing 6,000 from day old to six weeks of age , and three [giving] for the christmas trade , with numbers between 50 and 100 ; two of these have direct sales .

In two areas where unemployment was particularly high the farm , even though providing little or no financial return , was seen as an important factor in keeping the male school leavers occupied thereby fulfilling an important social function .
in two areas where unemployment was particularly high the farm , even though [giving] little or no financial return , was seen as an important factor in keeping the male school leavers occupied thereby fulfilling an important social function .

For example , a number of sons ( and daughters ) had become self-employed contractors , providing help with shearing , hedge-laying , lambing , relief milking , and silage .
for example , a number of sons ( and daughters ) had become self-employed contractors , [giving] help with shearing , hedge-laying , lambing , relief milking , and silage .

Confidence will play a vital role in most projects undertaken with training courses possibly providing an aid to both production and marketing techniques .
confidence will play a vital role in most projects undertaken with training courses possibly [giving] an aid to both production and marketing techniques .

Just under one-third of part-time farmers had some formal training , with North Yorkshire providing the largest proportion .
just under one-third of part-time farmers had some formal training , with north yorkshire [giving] the largest proportion .

Only 27 % said it would be easy to get time away , with the self-employed and farm-related jobs providing most of those in this category .
only 27 % said it would be easy to get time away , with the self-employed and farm-related jobs [giving] most of those in this category .

Among farmer/contractors the use of machinery belonging to the contracting business was another cost saving providing access to newer machines and increased efficiency .
among farmer/contractors the use of machinery belonging to the contracting business was another cost saving [giving] access to newer machines and increased efficiency .

Catering for tourists by providing caravans and bed and breakfast was the main activity , particularly so in Derbyshire and Speyside where the scenic beauty , which brings thousands of tourists to these areas , was being exploited .
catering for tourists by [giving] caravans and bed and breakfast was the main activity , particularly so in derbyshire and speyside where the scenic beauty , which brings thousands of tourists to these areas , was being exploited .

In Leicestershire , a six acre disused quarry had been developed into a large fish pond providing an attraction for anglers and the farmer with a lucrative alternate source of income .
in leicestershire , a six acre disused quarry had been developed into a large fish pond [giving] an attraction for anglers and the farmer with a lucrative alternate source of income .

Some farms had a specialised enterprise for the farmer 's wife to look after , providing valuable extra income without increasing the man 's workload .
some farms had a specialised enterprise for the farmer 's wife to look after , [giving] valuable extra income without increasing the man 's workload .

The Rural Institute for women had in the past joined with the colleges and local Councils in providing short training courses but as yet there was little co-ordinated training for the wives .
the rural institute for women had in the past joined with the colleges and local councils in [giving] short training courses but as yet there was little co-ordinated training for the wives .

Problems in providing efficient training were encountered in the remoter areas where adequate facilities were hard to find .
problems in [giving] efficient training were encountered in the remoter areas where adequate facilities were hard to find .

He challenged Mrs Shephard to scrap Employment Action , which has been widely criticised as a dead-end scheme providing little or no training , with a proper community-based programme .
he challenged mrs shephard to scrap employment action , which has been widely criticised as a dead-end scheme [giving] little or no training , with a proper community-based programme .

Similarly , the assisting extends beyond simply providing handouts of useful information :
similarly , the assisting extends beyond simply [giving] handouts of useful information :

The issue however is less one of autarchy than of encouraging self-help and mutual support and providing mechanisms of help — financial , educational , technological — which recognise this aim .
the issue however is less one of autarchy than of encouraging self-help and mutual support and [giving] mechanisms of help — financial , educational , technological — which recognise this aim .

‘ Democratic ’ tourism involving local people , individually or through group action in providing caravan sites , bed and breakfast facilities and various forms of farm and countryside tourism has more potential from a rural development point of view than mass tourism organised by large , urban based companies .
‘ democratic ’ tourism involving local people , individually or through group action in [giving] caravan sites , bed and breakfast facilities and various forms of farm and countryside tourism has more potential from a rural development point of view than mass tourism organised by large , urban based companies .

During the 1950s the public image of science was altogether more positive ; science was providing solutions to society 's greatest needs .
during the 1950s the public image of science was altogether more positive ; science was [giving] solutions to society 's greatest needs .

It begins just north of the Mexican border and continues as far as Vancouver , sometimes winding inland , occasionally merging with the multi-laned 101 , but always providing fascinating variety .
it begins just north of the mexican border and continues as far as vancouver , sometimes winding inland , occasionally merging with the multi-laned 101 , but always [giving] fascinating variety .

Community care — perhaps most especially for people with learning difficulties — should be about expanding the opportunities available to clients and their carers by providing new and varied types of service .
community care — perhaps most especially for people with learning difficulties — should be about expanding the opportunities available to clients and their carers by [giving] new and varied types of service .

At the same time as setting up and equipping new residential projects , the CMHTs also played a major role in preparing and supporting residents through , for example : assessing and training individuals with a mental handicap ; enabling parents ‘ to let go ’ ; and either directly providing or facilitating continuing support for residents .
at the same time as setting up and equipping new residential projects , the cmhts also played a major role in preparing and supporting residents through , for example : assessing and training individuals with a mental handicap ; enabling parents ‘ to let go ’ ; and either directly [giving] or facilitating continuing support for residents .

Development work of this kind is the epitome of an ‘ enabling role ’ , providing that term is not defined in a very restricted way ; it can actively support a consumer-responsive , mixed economy of welfare .
development work of this kind is the epitome of an ‘ enabling role ’ , [giving] that term is not defined in a very restricted way ; it can actively support a consumer-responsive , mixed economy of welfare .

The role of the team leader is to support the village health worker in her activities by providing consultation , treatment that is beyond the skill of the village worker , and referral of patients who can not be treated in the village to the main health centre ( the third tier ) in Jamkhed which has facilities for diagnosis , acute care , in-patient treatment , and training .
the role of the team leader is to support the village health worker in her activities by [giving] consultation , treatment that is beyond the skill of the village worker , and referral of patients who can not be treated in the village to the main health centre ( the third tier ) in jamkhed which has facilities for diagnosis , acute care , in-patient treatment , and training .

Substitute care was seen as supporting parents as well as providing for children 's needs , and practical assistance as preserving the family unit .
substitute care was seen as supporting parents as well as [giving] for children 's needs , and practical assistance as preserving the family unit .

At first , new multi-disciplinary machinery and the procedures associated with it were seen as providing social workers with the necessary change of perspective .
at first , new multi-disciplinary machinery and the procedures associated with it were seen as [giving] social workers with the necessary change of perspective .

On the other , workers wanted more control , believing this would help them plan better , and court orders were seen as providing this .
on the other , workers wanted more control , believing this would help them plan better , and court orders were seen as [giving] this .

In these sections the existence of ‘ non-standard families ’ is explicitly acknowledged and the youth department is , for instance , charged with the responsibility of providing a counselling service to divorcing couples ( s. 17 ) focused on the needs of the children which will eventually become obligatory in divorce procedures .
in these sections the existence of ‘ non-standard families ’ is explicitly acknowledged and the youth department is , for instance , charged with the responsibility of [giving] a counselling service to divorcing couples ( s. 17 ) focused on the needs of the children which will eventually become obligatory in divorce procedures .

Social welfare is seen as ‘ … a major integrative institution in society , providing universalist services outside the market on the principle of need ’ ( Titmuss , 1974 , p. 31 ) .
social welfare is seen as ‘ … a major integrative institution in society , [giving] universalist services outside the market on the principle of need ’ ( titmuss , 1974 , p. 31 ) .

Programmes include : political campaigns and social action to develop play facilities for children aged 4–14 years ; a drop-in facility for anyone in the local neighbourhood ; a ‘ family friends ’ group ; a ‘ kidscape ’ project ; parents ' groups ; use of volunteers ; a home-school liaison project ; a scrap project providing employment and resources to the local community ; a health initiative .
programmes include : political campaigns and social action to develop play facilities for children aged 4–14 years ; a drop-in facility for anyone in the local neighbourhood ; a ‘ family friends ’ group ; a ‘ kidscape ’ project ; parents ' groups ; use of volunteers ; a home-school liaison project ; a scrap project [giving] employment and resources to the local community ; a health initiative .

For instance , family centres may take many forms , from a primary developmental role to an institutional or even a residual one , providing supplementary care , teaching parents better parenting , monitoring children 's progress and providing increased professional surveillance of vulnerable and disadvantaged families .
for instance , family centres may take many forms , from a primary developmental role to an institutional or even a residual one , [giving] supplementary care , teaching parents better parenting , monitoring children 's progress and [giving] increased professional surveillance of vulnerable and disadvantaged families .

Efforts have also been made to improve the quality of foster care through measures such as regional referral agencies , providing foster families with advice and practical help and financial remuneration , and by encouraging co-operation between children 's birth and foster families ( Harten-Oudijk , 1988 ; Weterings , 1984 ; Ruyter and Weelden , 1986 ) .
efforts have also been made to improve the quality of foster care through measures such as regional referral agencies , [giving] foster families with advice and practical help and financial remuneration , and by encouraging co-operation between children 's birth and foster families ( harten-oudijk , 1988 ; weterings , 1984 ; ruyter and weelden , 1986 ) .

All Frankish freemen were required to serve in campaigns when summoned , unpaid and providing their own equipment .
all frankish freemen were required to serve in campaigns when summoned , unpaid and [giving] their own equipment .

When Lord Leverhulme was providing jobs , the crofters had a real choice , and they supported him .
when lord leverhulme was [giving] jobs , the crofters had a real choice , and they supported him .

But it is not a solution However successful the Board is in identifying development opportunities , providing capital and training , buildings and equipment , giving assistance with promotion and marketing , every enterprise set up has still to pay the penalty of remoteness , and will go on paying it long after any injection of grants and loans has been exhausted .
but it is not a solution however successful the board is in identifying development opportunities , [giving] capital and training , buildings and equipment , giving assistance with promotion and marketing , every enterprise set up has still to pay the penalty of remoteness , and will go on paying it long after any injection of grants and loans has been exhausted .

It has been particularly effective in providing a secure home base for families that have been physically scattered by emigration and it seems quite possible that small-scale farming of this kind may enjoy a new vogue , with the greater appreciation of self-provisioning , especially for fuel , to say nothing of the scenic beauty of the places where it is carried on .
it has been particularly effective in [giving] a secure home base for families that have been physically scattered by emigration and it seems quite possible that small-scale farming of this kind may enjoy a new vogue , with the greater appreciation of self-provisioning , especially for fuel , to say nothing of the scenic beauty of the places where it is carried on .

However , since the wave is providing all the power for the turn you do not need much power from the rig .
however , since the wave is [giving] all the power for the turn you do not need much power from the rig .

On the beat ( upwind leg ) the board is not sailed level as on all other points of sailing , but is deliberately heeled to enable the leeward rail to dig in and thus providing more lateral resistance .
on the beat ( upwind leg ) the board is not sailed level as on all other points of sailing , but is deliberately heeled to enable the leeward rail to dig in and thus [giving] more lateral resistance .

By sailing the board at an angle the leeward rail digs in providing more sideways resistance .
by sailing the board at an angle the leeward rail digs in [giving] more sideways resistance .

The skill of sailing the board at an angle , allowing the downwind rail to dig in and therefore providing more sideways resistance .
the skill of sailing the board at an angle , allowing the downwind rail to dig in and therefore [giving] more sideways resistance .

Energy , the means of providing it and how it should be priced , are social and political minefields , particularly , in democracies .
energy , the means of [giving] it and how it should be priced , are social and political minefields , particularly , in democracies .

Thailand 's onshore oil and comparatively recently discovered offshore gas hold the prospect of energy self-sufficiency as well as providing a tremendous boost to the country 's already high level of industrial growth .
thailand 's onshore oil and comparatively recently discovered offshore gas hold the prospect of energy self-sufficiency as well as [giving] a tremendous boost to the country 's already high level of industrial growth .

Women Call the Shots in providing the viewing public with a wealth of women 's cinema — fiction and documentary , shorts and features , art-house and mainstream — was a welcome response to this interest .
women call the shots in [giving] the viewing public with a wealth of women 's cinema — fiction and documentary , shorts and features , art-house and mainstream — was a welcome response to this interest .

It was not as easy as usual , however , with West Germany 's Regina Sigmund providing stiff opposition in the final .
it was not as easy as usual , however , with west germany 's regina sigmund [giving] stiff opposition in the final .

It inspired Dalton to some excellent dribbling amid some expansive moves , one run and loop back of his providing the winner .
it inspired dalton to some excellent dribbling amid some expansive moves , one run and loop back of his [giving] the winner .

Carroll House apart , there was little else to cheer the British challengers , with the failure of Luca Cumani 's Kefaah in the Prix du Rond-Point providing perhaps the biggest disappointment .
carroll house apart , there was little else to cheer the british challengers , with the failure of luca cumani 's kefaah in the prix du rond-point [giving] perhaps the biggest disappointment .

He said that cabinets and parties were coalitions ; groups of people with a common philosophy , providing ‘ a starting point in most discussions which enables them to work their way by dialogue through to agreement ’ .
he said that cabinets and parties were coalitions ; groups of people with a common philosophy , [giving] ‘ a starting point in most discussions which enables them to work their way by dialogue through to agreement ’ .

Providing the National Union executive accepts Sir Peter 's recommendation , the North Down Tories intend to field a candidate in the next general election .
[giving] the national union executive accepts sir peter 's recommendation , the north down tories intend to field a candidate in the next general election .

Avuncular and sociable , he was a warm and friendly person who might be encountered conducting a Women 's Institute choir , accompanying an audition at the piano , as a freelance organist or providing harpsichord continuo .
avuncular and sociable , he was a warm and friendly person who might be encountered conducting a women 's institute choir , accompanying an audition at the piano , as a freelance organist or [giving] harpsichord continuo .

Those providing for a separate republican budget , a revamped tax system , and autonomy for companies registered in Estonia , have been drawn up .
those [giving] for a separate republican budget , a revamped tax system , and autonomy for companies registered in estonia , have been drawn up .

The project was controversial and the power station was only permitted providing the smoke was clean and the building did not challenge the visual dominance of St Paul 's .
the project was controversial and the power station was only permitted [giving] the smoke was clean and the building did not challenge the visual dominance of st paul 's .

The offence of incest prohibits certain sexual relations within the family , thus providing a distinct label for some forms of child sexual abuse by parents and grandparents , although it also covers brother — sister relationships .
the offence of incest prohibits certain sexual relations within the family , thus [giving] a distinct label for some forms of child sexual abuse by parents and grandparents , although it also covers brother — sister relationships .

To be more accurate , while Norah Docker sought the cameramen Sir Bernard hung about like a good-natured but rather dim St Bernard dog providing the money for her extravagance .
to be more accurate , while norah docker sought the cameramen sir bernard hung about like a good-natured but rather dim st bernard dog [giving] the money for her extravagance .

But the chief argument was an ethical one : ‘ We see a unique opportunity of providing by example some limit on the totality of war , thus eliminating the fear and arousing the hope of mankind .
but the chief argument was an ethical one : ‘ we see a unique opportunity of [giving] by example some limit on the totality of war , thus eliminating the fear and arousing the hope of mankind .

My father was taken from his clerking job at Flatford Mill to go to London and look after his brother , a local merchant with interests in the City providing him with a post .
my father was taken from his clerking job at flatford mill to go to london and look after his brother , a local merchant with interests in the city [giving] him with a post .

Although about 350 farms a year become involved in providing accommodation , a fairly high percentage opts out , usually for family reasons , so there has not been much growth in the past 15 years .
although about 350 farms a year become involved in [giving] accommodation , a fairly high percentage opts out , usually for family reasons , so there has not been much growth in the past 15 years .

Any type of rose can be used as a specimen shrub ( hybrid teas are best planted in small groups ) , providing its height and appearance blends with neighbouring plants .
any type of rose can be used as a specimen shrub ( hybrid teas are best planted in small groups ) , [giving] its height and appearance blends with neighbouring plants .

Lambs ' lettuce ( corn salad ) is very hardy , providing juicy leaves with a bland flavour .
lambs ' lettuce ( corn salad ) is very hardy , [giving] juicy leaves with a bland flavour .

This is a particularly convenient method for large houseplants , or a group of small specimens , providing ample humidity as long as the peat is kept constantly moist .
this is a particularly convenient method for large houseplants , or a group of small specimens , [giving] ample humidity as long as the peat is kept constantly moist .

Groups of helenium , phlox and perennial gypsophila sown last year are now providing welcome colour and are my favourites for the house .
groups of helenium , phlox and perennial gypsophila sown last year are now [giving] welcome colour and are my favourites for the house .

Providing the pineapple top is green and healthy you should be able to root it .
[giving] the pineapple top is green and healthy you should be able to root it .

It had to be done in the night , they explained , when there was nobody about and we could take some home with us providing we kept our mouths shut .
it had to be done in the night , they explained , when there was nobody about and we could take some home with us [giving] we kept our mouths shut .

At these home-based gatherings , the hostess receives a discount for providing the venue , invitation list , and refreshments .
at these home-based gatherings , the hostess receives a discount for [giving] the venue , invitation list , and refreshments .

This may be the warmest spot in the garden providing an opportunity to grow wall plants or climbers which might be scarcely hardy elsewhere .
this may be the warmest spot in the garden [giving] an opportunity to grow wall plants or climbers which might be scarcely hardy elsewhere .

Most annuals can be placed straight into the propogator , providing it is set at a temperature within the stated range , but some need to be covered with a polythene bag or sheet of glass .
most annuals can be placed straight into the propogator , [giving] it is set at a temperature within the stated range , but some need to be covered with a polythene bag or sheet of glass .

The potential information which can be extracted from a metal artefact by analytical and technological study extends far beyond providing accurate factual information for museum labels and excavation reports .
the potential information which can be extracted from a metal artefact by analytical and technological study extends far beyond [giving] accurate factual information for museum labels and excavation reports .

Nor were records necessarily kept with the intention of providing a precise calendar of events .
nor were records necessarily kept with the intention of [giving] a precise calendar of events .

It is therefore a very powerful dating technique making it possible to date the right archaeological samples ( see p. 144 ) to the year of felling , as well as providing the accurate calendar timescale necessary for radiocarbon calibration .
it is therefore a very powerful dating technique making it possible to date the right archaeological samples ( see p. 144 ) to the year of felling , as well as [giving] the accurate calendar timescale necessary for radiocarbon calibration .

There is now a general awareness of the desirability of providing accurate and well-maintained inventories of the holdings of all major publicly funded institutions in order to guard against the loss of objects .
there is now a general awareness of the desirability of [giving] accurate and well-maintained inventories of the holdings of all major publicly funded institutions in order to guard against the loss of objects .

He enjoyed being expected and being useful , providing electric fires , finding plumbers , even tidying and washing things , Irina 's efforts in these latter respects being minimal .
he enjoyed being expected and being useful , [giving] electric fires , finding plumbers , even tidying and washing things , irina 's efforts in these latter respects being minimal .

Franca led the conversation in a cheerful tone , Irina and Marcus and Patrick providing abundant subject-matter .
franca led the conversation in a cheerful tone , irina and marcus and patrick [giving] abundant subject-matter .

It takes us into their homes , gives space for their voices ; and Townsend powerfully attacked the widespread myth that the family was no longer providing most of them with social support or practical help .
it takes us into their homes , gives space for their voices ; and townsend powerfully attacked the widespread myth that the family was no longer [giving] most of them with social support or practical help .

It was a part of folk wisdom that providing houseroom for a widowed parent could lead to intense family friction .
it was a part of folk wisdom that [giving] houseroom for a widowed parent could lead to intense family friction .

There are English law cases of the late fifteenth-century for not providing meat , drink , and lodging to a retired father-in-law , while Swedish High Court disputes of two centuries later show grievances ranging from poor food to cursing and physical violence .
there are english law cases of the late fifteenth-century for not [giving] meat , drink , and lodging to a retired father-in-law , while swedish high court disputes of two centuries later show grievances ranging from poor food to cursing and physical violence .

But it seems to have been equally rare for young couples in the poorer classes to help their ageing parents by providing them with houseroom .
but it seems to have been equally rare for young couples in the poorer classes to help their ageing parents by [giving] them with houseroom .

In England , as elsewhere , ‘ even though their help could not be counted upon ’ , children and kin were providing the greatest share of support for the older generation of their families .
in england , as elsewhere , ‘ even though their help could not be counted upon ’ , children and kin were [giving] the greatest share of support for the older generation of their families .

It is this same group who most often remember grandparents as providing significant direct financial aid either in their lifetimes or in their wills .
it is this same group who most often remember grandparents as [giving] significant direct financial aid either in their lifetimes or in their wills .

Apart from the disinfection role a sterilising sink has a useful secondary role in providing heated soaking facilities for heavily soiled small equipment although it can not be used for both roles at the same time .
apart from the disinfection role a sterilising sink has a useful secondary role in [giving] heated soaking facilities for heavily soiled small equipment although it can not be used for both roles at the same time .

Other chlorine release agents : Commercial formulations are aimed at providing the performance advantages of hypochlorites while reducing the number of disadvantages .
other chlorine release agents : commercial formulations are aimed at [giving] the performance advantages of hypochlorites while reducing the number of disadvantages .

The specification produced earlier should be included and to assist the supplier in providing information it is reasonable to supply information on the following :
the specification produced earlier should be included and to assist the supplier in [giving] information it is reasonable to supply information on the following :

There is no reason why reduced prices or free stock should not be accepted providing this does not prejudice the outcome .
there is no reason why reduced prices or free stock should not be accepted [giving] this does not prejudice the outcome .

Despite this there may be points that can not be accommodated in which case there is a valid case for splitting the business between two , but rarely more , suppliers , each providing an agreed package .
despite this there may be points that can not be accommodated in which case there is a valid case for splitting the business between two , but rarely more , suppliers , each [giving] an agreed package .

There is a very real danger that cleaning stores may become general junk rooms providing a home for everything and anything that can not be stored easily .
there is a very real danger that cleaning stores may become general junk rooms [giving] a home for everything and anything that can not be stored easily .

Providing the means
[giving] the means

Providing the means therefore is a question of balance achieved by satisfying the relationship between labour and other energy forms while integrating the whole cleaning function with the rest of the operation .
[giving] the means therefore is a question of balance achieved by satisfying the relationship between labour and other energy forms while integrating the whole cleaning function with the rest of the operation .

If a machine is effectively cleaned and disinfected service can be extended to three day intervals providing there are no extreme environmental or siting factors .
if a machine is effectively cleaned and disinfected service can be extended to three day intervals [giving] there are no extreme environmental or siting factors .

Political-economic analysis could help professional economists both by providing a critique of their ideology , and also in assessing what is feasible , who will benefit and lose from their policies , what will tend to be done or left undone in the project and so on .
political-economic analysis could help professional economists both by [giving] a critique of their ideology , and also in assessing what is feasible , who will benefit and lose from their policies , what will tend to be done or left undone in the project and so on .

The technically brilliant pictures reveal a wealth of detail and information on everyday life in China , providing interest for scholars and a sensation hungry general public .
the technically brilliant pictures reveal a wealth of detail and information on everyday life in china , [giving] interest for scholars and a sensation hungry general public .

Graham Swift 's Waterland ( 1983 ) shows the appropriateness of this idiom even within the South-East of England , providing a setting can be found which is remote enough to establish the ‘ contesting of centralisation of culture through the valuing of the local and peripheral ’ , which Linda Hutcheon considers an important constituent of postmodernism ( Hutcheon 1988 : 61 ) .
graham swift 's waterland ( 1983 ) shows the appropriateness of this idiom even within the south-east of england , [giving] a setting can be found which is remote enough to establish the ‘ contesting of centralisation of culture through the valuing of the local and peripheral ’ , which linda hutcheon considers an important constituent of postmodernism ( hutcheon 1988 : 61 ) .

Histoire , whilst at one level a transposition of the discontinuity of experience , can at the same time be considered as providing an implicit commentary on the nature of fiction and writing : the text can be said to be formed from a meditation on a collection of postcards which the narrator is sifting through .
histoire , whilst at one level a transposition of the discontinuity of experience , can at the same time be considered as [giving] an implicit commentary on the nature of fiction and writing : the text can be said to be formed from a meditation on a collection of postcards which the narrator is sifting through .

Neither a sociological nor a psychological type , he represents an assemblage of mental attitudes , providing a kind of vade-mecum and at the same time an ironic counterpoint to the anxieties of a public that is presumed by the book itself to have lost faith in totalizing explanations and englobing narratives .
neither a sociological nor a psychological type , he represents an assemblage of mental attitudes , [giving] a kind of vade-mecum and at the same time an ironic counterpoint to the anxieties of a public that is presumed by the book itself to have lost faith in totalizing explanations and englobing narratives .

After a limited competition , Weston Williamson was commissioned to refurbish the building with the aim of providing the agency with an up-market image for the nineties .
after a limited competition , weston williamson was commissioned to refurbish the building with the aim of [giving] the agency with an up-market image for the nineties .

This design showed special regard for the needs of the families keeping vigil , by providing relatives ' rooms next to the wards with balconies overlooking the sea .
this design showed special regard for the needs of the families keeping vigil , by [giving] relatives ' rooms next to the wards with balconies overlooking the sea .

On both occasions the Soviet Union made up for the extreme weakness of its client but , by providing the personnel to operate missile sites , it was consciously limiting the ways in which these missiles could be used against Israel .
on both occasions the soviet union made up for the extreme weakness of its client but , by [giving] the personnel to operate missile sites , it was consciously limiting the ways in which these missiles could be used against israel .

Talk was intense among the youngsters , and the young actors and actresses roaming Sunset Strip were no different to the youth of America , if not the world , in that they too were a disoriented bunch in search of idols ; Clift , Brando and Dean were providing them with a whole new repertoire of sayings , postures , stances and gestures .
talk was intense among the youngsters , and the young actors and actresses roaming sunset strip were no different to the youth of america , if not the world , in that they too were a disoriented bunch in search of idols ; clift , brando and dean were [giving] them with a whole new repertoire of sayings , postures , stances and gestures .

In his move towards the latter , perhaps at that time he did not quite appreciate how influential to himself and others Roger Corman had become in providing the schooling for some of the most important film-makers of the second half of the twentieth century .
in his move towards the latter , perhaps at that time he did not quite appreciate how influential to himself and others roger corman had become in [giving] the schooling for some of the most important film-makers of the second half of the twentieth century .

Although the peak age for caring is 45–64 , with one fifth of adults in this age group providing informal care , the 65 and over age group proportionately spend more time caring .
although the peak age for caring is 45–64 , with one fifth of adults in this age group [giving] informal care , the 65 and over age group proportionately spend more time caring .

Social Welfare : the system of state social services providing for example education , medical care , social security benefits .
social welfare : the system of state social services [giving] for example education , medical care , social security benefits .

The idea of the male breadwinner providing for his wife and family is now less readily accepted , and research exists to show that incomes are unequally distributed within families .
the idea of the male breadwinner [giving] for his wife and family is now less readily accepted , and research exists to show that incomes are unequally distributed within families .

It does not follow that it is the duty of government to provide these services — the duty could be discharged by securing that they are available from other sources : this is what is implied by the distinction between the providing and enabling state .
it does not follow that it is the duty of government to provide these services — the duty could be discharged by securing that they are available from other sources : this is what is implied by the distinction between the [giving] and enabling state .

The 1990 local elections were thus treated by both politicians and commentators as providing not simply a test of the impact of the poll tax , but also a crucial verdict on Mrs Thatcher and her government .
the 1990 local elections were thus treated by both politicians and commentators as [giving] not simply a test of the impact of the poll tax , but also a crucial verdict on mrs thatcher and her government .

However , it should not be forgotten that local authorities are also responsible for providing services , and there is evidence to suggest that voters recognise that such services have to be paid for .
however , it should not be forgotten that local authorities are also responsible for [giving] services , and there is evidence to suggest that voters recognise that such services have to be paid for .

For some time nearly all Members ( except those totally opposed to televising the House ) have wished to see the creation of a dedicated television channel , providing complete and continuous coverage of all proceedings on the floor of the House .
for some time nearly all members ( except those totally opposed to televising the house ) have wished to see the creation of a dedicated television channel , [giving] complete and continuous coverage of all proceedings on the floor of the house .

In the main , most hotels seem happy to let their concierges work the system to their advantage , providing their more entrepreneurial traits do not get the better of them , as they did in the case of those at the Heathrow Penta .
in the main , most hotels seem happy to let their concierges work the system to their advantage , [giving] their more entrepreneurial traits do not get the better of them , as they did in the case of those at the heathrow penta .

‘ Cities of the Immortals ’ will be set up by California-based company called the Heaven on Earth Corporation , many of them providing low-cost housing for the Third World .
‘ cities of the immortals ’ will be set up by california-based company called the heaven on earth corporation , many of them [giving] low-cost housing for the third world .

The prime concern of administrators around the world is making money , not providing entertainment .
the prime concern of administrators around the world is making money , not [giving] entertainment .

While our sports leaders recognise the contribution they can make to providing a ‘ healthy outlet ’ , they are concerned that , although government looks to them to play this role , it is often not prepared to assist them .
while our sports leaders recognise the contribution they can make to [giving] a ‘ healthy outlet ’ , they are concerned that , although government looks to them to play this role , it is often not prepared to assist them .

But David Reeves , secretary of the Amateur Swimming Association , fears the cost of providing pools , transport and tuition will be so excessive that politicians may have second thoughts when they see the bill .
but david reeves , secretary of the amateur swimming association , fears the cost of [giving] pools , transport and tuition will be so excessive that politicians may have second thoughts when they see the bill .

During the afternoon , it announced that it would auction a new stock later in the month , providing an expected further £2 billion to £3 billion , to start funding the public sector borrowing requirement , which is forecast at £28 billion for this year .
during the afternoon , it announced that it would auction a new stock later in the month , [giving] an expected further £2 billion to £3 billion , to start funding the public sector borrowing requirement , which is forecast at £28 billion for this year .

Meanwhile , the bank said it will more than double the cost of counter charges for providing services for those who do not have an account or investment with the bank or financial services division .
meanwhile , the bank said it will more than double the cost of counter charges for [giving] services for those who do not have an account or investment with the bank or financial services division .

With turnover down 27 p.c. to £27.1m , reflecting both the tough trading climate and the group 's reluctance to compete at uneconomic margins in the construction market , profits slumped from £1.83m to £410,000 before providing £775,000 ( £1.2m ) for the fall in land values and reorgnisation costs of £325,000 .
with turnover down 27 p.c. to £27.1m , reflecting both the tough trading climate and the group 's reluctance to compete at uneconomic margins in the construction market , profits slumped from £1.83m to £410,000 before [giving] £775,000 ( £1.2m ) for the fall in land values and reorgnisation costs of £325,000 .

Later he won an appeal to develop the site providing the facade was retained .
later he won an appeal to develop the site [giving] the facade was retained .

Later he won an appeal to develop the site providing the facade was retained .
later he won an appeal to develop the site [giving] the facade was retained .

The company made a trading profit of £1.31m against £9.11m , but ended with a pre-tax deficit of £20.6m against £39.1m , after interest and providing a further £9.08m ( £31.6m ) against the fall in property values .
the company made a trading profit of £1.31m against £9.11m , but ended with a pre-tax deficit of £20.6m against £39.1m , after interest and [giving] a further £9.08m ( £31.6m ) against the fall in property values .

And sand will provide a stable base providing rainwater can not reach it .
and sand will provide a stable base [giving] rainwater can not reach it .

Protech is a polyester-based film which is easily fitted to flat glass , providing all the benefits of toughened glass at a fraction of the cost .
protech is a polyester-based film which is easily fitted to flat glass , [giving] all the benefits of toughened glass at a fraction of the cost .

London 's rail system was transformed with the opening of the Snow Hill tunnel , providing a through link from Bedford to Brighton via King 's Cross Midland and Blackfriars . What a difference !
london 's rail system was transformed with the opening of the snow hill tunnel , [giving] a through link from bedford to brighton via king 's cross midland and blackfriars . what a difference !

Essentially this concept is not new — from the early days our railways were providing first- , second and even third-class accommodation and the excursion ticket was quickly used to sell spare capacity .
essentially this concept is not new — from the early days our railways were [giving] first- , second and even third-class accommodation and the excursion ticket was quickly used to sell spare capacity .

Today 's equipment — trains and track — is very expensive to provide and maintain ; to cover its basic costs it has to be in service providing revenue for up to say sixteen hours per day .
today 's equipment — trains and track — is very expensive to provide and maintain ; to cover its basic costs it has to be in service [giving] revenue for up to say sixteen hours per day .

Monday-to-Friday peak-hour trains — the 07.25 from Manchester to Euston and the 16.30 back to Manchester are cases in point — will always load well , but the stock providing these two services will also make two midday trips for which custom may be sparse .
monday-to-friday peak-hour trains — the 07.25 from manchester to euston and the 16.30 back to manchester are cases in point — will always load well , but the stock [giving] these two services will also make two midday trips for which custom may be sparse .

The basic problem remained , as always , the cost of providing a service to a large number of individual freight terminals , many receiving only a handful of wagons each week .
the basic problem remained , as always , the cost of [giving] a service to a large number of individual freight terminals , many receiving only a handful of wagons each week .

Those in low-paid work will also find providing for retirement difficult .
those in low-paid work will also find [giving] for retirement difficult .

From providing to enabling : local authorities and community care planning by Nirmala Rao .
from [giving] to enabling : local authorities and community care planning by nirmala rao .

Age Concern believes that there is an urgent need for the Government to clarify the role of the health service in providing community care .
age concern believes that there is an urgent need for the government to clarify the role of the health service in [giving] community care .

Community care also depends crucially on cooperation between different professional workers , and between different service providing agencies .
community care also depends crucially on cooperation between different professional workers , and between different service [giving] agencies .

All but about 300 of the East Germans had flatly refused an offer of guaranteed permission to go to the West providing they returned to East Germany first .
all but about 300 of the east germans had flatly refused an offer of guaranteed permission to go to the west [giving] they returned to east germany first .

Most hotels offer a one-bone service , welcoming well-behaved dogs and providing doggie bowls on request .
most hotels offer a one-bone service , welcoming well-behaved dogs and [giving] doggie bowls on request .

When children leave home , parents feel somewhat redundant , while a pet can enter our lives at any stage , providing hours of pleasure , love and immense fulfilment .
when children leave home , parents feel somewhat redundant , while a pet can enter our lives at any stage , [giving] hours of pleasure , love and immense fulfilment .

‘ The crux of our argument is that we do n't need to have toxic wastes and the fact that plants like Rechem exist , providing easy options for companies , is acting as a disincentive for companies to clean up .
‘ the crux of our argument is that we do n't need to have toxic wastes and the fact that plants like rechem exist , [giving] easy options for companies , is acting as a disincentive for companies to clean up .

Labour hopes to transform the situation by increasing the number of A-levels to five for the brighter youngsters and providing grants for four-year training courses ( two years in a Further Education college followed by two with an employer ) for the rest .
labour hopes to transform the situation by increasing the number of a-levels to five for the brighter youngsters and [giving] grants for four-year training courses ( two years in a further education college followed by two with an employer ) for the rest .

Sicily for Pound never but once had any existence that was n't either verbal ( as in the wordplay on ‘ Trinacria ’ or the Eleanors ) , or else notional , ideological ( as providing a sort of slender mnemonic crutch for a tendentious reading of history ) .
sicily for pound never but once had any existence that was n't either verbal ( as in the wordplay on ‘ trinacria ’ or the eleanors ) , or else notional , ideological ( as [giving] a sort of slender mnemonic crutch for a tendentious reading of history ) .

After setting up a bitumen plant and providing earth-moving machinery , the Soviets helped cut a new road east of the old Salang Tunnel .
after setting up a bitumen plant and [giving] earth-moving machinery , the soviets helped cut a new road east of the old salang tunnel .

The cost of providing the start-up equipment is in the order of £10,000 and Mr Dobbs thinks space is not much of a problem : ‘ There 's usually the village hall or an empty shop .
the cost of [giving] the start-up equipment is in the order of £10,000 and mr dobbs thinks space is not much of a problem : ‘ there 's usually the village hall or an empty shop .

We stand to derive immense benefits from such releases of genetically engineered organisms into the environment — providing they do what we expect them to .
we stand to derive immense benefits from such releases of genetically engineered organisms into the environment — [giving] they do what we expect them to .

Bowling took no further part in the proceedings , but he may think it a small price to pay for providing one of the turning points in a memorable match .
bowling took no further part in the proceedings , but he may think it a small price to pay for [giving] one of the turning points in a memorable match .

Rodgers knows there is a long way to go before the big one in December , but he has the makings of a strong , hard pack and the chance of additional talent behind them providing injury does not intervene .
rodgers knows there is a long way to go before the big one in december , but he has the makings of a strong , hard pack and the chance of additional talent behind them [giving] injury does not intervene .

One obvious explanation is that deconstruction provided a convenient successor to the New Criticism in mass higher education , providing a form of detailed close analysis of texts which does not require much in the way of contextual cultural literacy .
one obvious explanation is that deconstruction provided a convenient successor to the new criticism in mass higher education , [giving] a form of detailed close analysis of texts which does not require much in the way of contextual cultural literacy .

Unionists would move towards the Conservative Party , and all we would be doing is providing another cul-de-sac for the people of Northern Ireland .
unionists would move towards the conservative party , and all we would be doing is [giving] another cul-de-sac for the people of northern ireland .

The religious group increasingly providing new membership is the evangelicals .
the religious group increasingly [giving] new membership is the evangelicals .

However , there was no committee report until February 1988 and even then information was sketchy , providing merely a summary of activity which did not reveal its scale .
however , there was no committee report until february 1988 and even then information was sketchy , [giving] merely a summary of activity which did not reveal its scale .

In his annual report , he states that the cost of immunising these children and providing the medicines necessary to treat the dehydration and pneumonia would be about $2.5 billion .
in his annual report , he states that the cost of immunising these children and [giving] the medicines necessary to treat the dehydration and pneumonia would be about $2.5 billion .

Readers are told to complete a coupon ‘ for a list of solicitors providing advice on mortgages , pensions and other financial products .
readers are told to complete a coupon ‘ for a list of solicitors [giving] advice on mortgages , pensions and other financial products .

Individual firms avoid having to register as financial advisers under the act by providing advice through a ‘ permitted third party ’ who fulfils the act 's requirements .
individual firms avoid having to register as financial advisers under the act by [giving] advice through a ‘ permitted third party ’ who fulfils the act 's requirements .

Mr Roger Smith , the Action Group 's director , said the advertisement ‘ would have actively misled the public into thinking solicitors were providing advice when it was in fact coming from someone else .
mr roger smith , the action group 's director , said the advertisement ‘ would have actively misled the public into thinking solicitors were [giving] advice when it was in fact coming from someone else .

It is providing an early dealing service to society members , allowing them to deal on the first day the shares are traded .
it is [giving] an early dealing service to society members , allowing them to deal on the first day the shares are traded .

It is providing an early dealing service to society members , allowing them to deal on the first day the shares are traded on the stock market .
it is [giving] an early dealing service to society members , allowing them to deal on the first day the shares are traded on the stock market .

The statutory objective is that there should be new ways of providing legal services and a wider choice of providers .
the statutory objective is that there should be new ways of [giving] legal services and a wider choice of providers .

The castings were not only elegant but functional , providing a substantial backbone for the building as well as allowing plenty of room for line-shafting .
the castings were not only elegant but functional , [giving] a substantial backbone for the building as well as allowing plenty of room for line-shafting .

Following the end of cloth-making , the mill buildings were let out to a number of tenants , providing some employment .
following the end of cloth-making , the mill buildings were let out to a number of tenants , [giving] some employment .

In some cases , such as Lower Framilode , steam was used to power everything in the mill , whereas in others , such as Stoke Orchard Mill , it was limited to providing the power for ancillary equipment .
in some cases , such as lower framilode , steam was used to power everything in the mill , whereas in others , such as stoke orchard mill , it was limited to [giving] the power for ancillary equipment .

Near Longcroft Farm , the Hope Brook is joined by the Flaxley Brook , their combined waters flowing on towards Westbury ( the Westbury Brook ) providing the power for Westbury Mill .
near longcroft farm , the hope brook is joined by the flaxley brook , their combined waters flowing on towards westbury ( the westbury brook ) [giving] the power for westbury mill .

The Leadon flows into the Severn at Over ( just below Rudford ) , providing the power for many mills .
the leadon flows into the severn at over ( just below rudford ) , [giving] the power for many mills .

The option of letting children stay indoors during breaks could be considered though providing adequate supervision sometimes provides problems .
the option of letting children stay indoors during breaks could be considered though [giving] adequate supervision sometimes provides problems .

Providing an assurance to parents that children are not only well fed but properly supervised during the mid-day break adds to the appeal of a school and could well be the deciding factor which finally influences parental choice in sending their child to your school rather than to your neighbour 's .
[giving] an assurance to parents that children are not only well fed but properly supervised during the mid-day break adds to the appeal of a school and could well be the deciding factor which finally influences parental choice in sending their child to your school rather than to your neighbour 's .

Both activities providing a source of potential conflict between teacher and parent .
both activities [giving] a source of potential conflict between teacher and parent .

Making parents aware of the virtues of the school , the buildings , the playing fields , the swimming pool etc is n't necessarily related to providing quality education .
making parents aware of the virtues of the school , the buildings , the playing fields , the swimming pool etc is n't necessarily related to [giving] quality education .

In addition to providing a much needed resource you want to enhance the school 's reputation , gain publicity , strengthen the school 's identity or link parents more closely to the school .
in addition to [giving] a much needed resource you want to enhance the school 's reputation , gain publicity , strengthen the school 's identity or link parents more closely to the school .

Book distributors such as Puffin and Scholastic have seized the opportunity to encourage schools to run book fairs and savings clubs , providing the school with stock and sales leaflets and offering the school a good rate of commission on sales .
book distributors such as puffin and scholastic have seized the opportunity to encourage schools to run book fairs and savings clubs , [giving] the school with stock and sales leaflets and offering the school a good rate of commission on sales .

They will take on the responsibility for providing stock and glasses , experienced staff and will also obtain the necessary licence for the event .
they will take on the responsibility for [giving] stock and glasses , experienced staff and will also obtain the necessary licence for the event .

Customer loyalty depends very much on long term customer satisfaction and belief that the school is providing quality education .
customer loyalty depends very much on long term customer satisfaction and belief that the school is [giving] quality education .

During the bullbaiting , thousands tore through the narrow streets of Wokingham , providing a splendid opportunity for the disaffected and unscrupulous to push their unwanted spouses or other associates in the path of the stampede .
during the bullbaiting , thousands tore through the narrow streets of wokingham , [giving] a splendid opportunity for the disaffected and unscrupulous to push their unwanted spouses or other associates in the path of the stampede .

Devon County Council , for example , has incorporated into its structure plan a policy for its coastline aimed at providing a consistent degree of protection among its five maritime District Councils .
devon county council , for example , has incorporated into its structure plan a policy for its coastline aimed at [giving] a consistent degree of protection among its five maritime district councils .

The Trust will on occasion be faced with a Wordsworthian dilemma over the degree to which it should promote some of its more sensitive properties , but the commitment to providing welcoming access for its members and visitors is an unwavering one .
the trust will on occasion be faced with a wordsworthian dilemma over the degree to which it should promote some of its more sensitive properties , but the commitment to [giving] welcoming access for its members and visitors is an unwavering one .

During the raking , we push a considerable amount under the trees and shrubs thereby providing a mulch .
during the raking , we push a considerable amount under the trees and shrubs thereby [giving] a mulch .

Given the emphasis currently being placed on the role that schools should be playing , by providing a more socially relevant curriculum , more student-centred learning and a less alienating environment so as to prevent truancy , it is clearly important that education becomes the focus of any intervention .
given the emphasis currently being placed on the role that schools should be playing , by [giving] a more socially relevant curriculum , more student-centred learning and a less alienating environment so as to prevent truancy , it is clearly important that education becomes the focus of any intervention .

The authority and the school have wide discretion as to how the records should be compiled , given the two major purposes of providing basic data on a pupil 's progress for other teachers and the parents and providing evidence to support the teacher 's assessment of the pupil 's level of attainment .
the authority and the school have wide discretion as to how the records should be compiled , given the two major purposes of [giving] basic data on a pupil 's progress for other teachers and the parents and [giving] evidence to support the teacher 's assessment of the pupil 's level of attainment .

For one thing , the 1988 Act specifically states that it is not necessary for every act of collective worship to be of a broadly Christian character providing that most of such acts are .
for one thing , the 1988 act specifically states that it is not necessary for every act of collective worship to be of a broadly christian character [giving] that most of such acts are .

They viewed the law as providing a basis for the teacher 's authority to exert discipline within the school , but lamented the fact that the legal limits were derived from a collection of diverse sources , more especially case law or precedent under common law .
they viewed the law as [giving] a basis for the teacher 's authority to exert discipline within the school , but lamented the fact that the legal limits were derived from a collection of diverse sources , more especially case law or precedent under common law .

Eighteenth-century literary biography reiterates the preoccupation with the benevolent patriarch by providing examples of men-centered women , ‘ daddy 's girls ’ , among them Elizabeth Carter , Hannah More , Maria Edgeworth , and Fanny Burney .
eighteenth-century literary biography reiterates the preoccupation with the benevolent patriarch by [giving] examples of men-centered women , ‘ daddy 's girls ’ , among them elizabeth carter , hannah more , maria edgeworth , and fanny burney .

17.67 We have referred in paragraphs 17.60 , 17.61 and 17.65 to the process of continuous assessment , and to the function of the samples of children 's work in providing a basis for further development .
17.67 we have referred in paragraphs 17.60 , 17.61 and 17.65 to the process of continuous assessment , and to the function of the samples of children 's work in [giving] a basis for further development .

Her school are sponsoring me to have the baby that day — Comic Relief day — providing we have photos taken of me and ( later ) the baby with red noses on .
her school are sponsoring me to have the baby that day — comic relief day — [giving] we have photos taken of me and ( later ) the baby with red noses on .

In general , education has reinforced society 's values , but there have been some experimental attempts at providing education to radicalise values .
in general , education has reinforced society 's values , but there have been some experimental attempts at [giving] education to radicalise values .

Many modernisation theorists argued that industrialisation would open up opportunities for women , providing them with a greater variety of possible roles and increasing chances of social mobility and a less subservient existence .
many modernisation theorists argued that industrialisation would open up opportunities for women , [giving] them with a greater variety of possible roles and increasing chances of social mobility and a less subservient existence .

It has been suggested that agrarian reform is a reformist strategy for undermining the revolutionary potential of the peasantry by providing rural populations with sufficient reforms to prevent any outright opposition to the system .
it has been suggested that agrarian reform is a reformist strategy for undermining the revolutionary potential of the peasantry by [giving] rural populations with sufficient reforms to prevent any outright opposition to the system .

Self-help schemes relieve the state of the immediate necessity of providing housing and offer a cheap source of shelter , thus making it possible for the poor to survive on very low incomes ( Burgess 1978 ) .
self-help schemes relieve the state of the immediate necessity of [giving] housing and offer a cheap source of shelter , thus making it possible for the poor to survive on very low incomes ( burgess 1978 ) .

The mapping out of social classes is valuable initially in providing a broad picture of society , but more importantly because it helps to explain the dynamics of social change .
the mapping out of social classes is valuable initially in [giving] a broad picture of society , but more importantly because it helps to explain the dynamics of social change .

Humphrey 's research on workers in the Brazilian motor industry in the 1970s shows that , in this particular case , a group of relatively highly paid workers in a modern sector of the economy did not behave as a labour aristocracy , but took on a vanguard role in providing political leadership for the working class as a whole ( Humphrey 1982 ) .
humphrey 's research on workers in the brazilian motor industry in the 1970s shows that , in this particular case , a group of relatively highly paid workers in a modern sector of the economy did not behave as a labour aristocracy , but took on a vanguard role in [giving] political leadership for the working class as a whole ( humphrey 1982 ) .

This is cold-blooded business indeed , just as was the Balfour Declaration of 1917 that gave Britain 's support to a Jewish homeland providing that ‘ nothing shall be done which may prejudice the civil and religious rights of existing non-Jewish communities in Palestine ’ .
this is cold-blooded business indeed , just as was the balfour declaration of 1917 that gave britain 's support to a jewish homeland [giving] that ‘ nothing shall be done which may prejudice the civil and religious rights of existing non-jewish communities in palestine ’ .

The latter , while providing a crucial guide for the understanding of the way terms are used in different contexts , does not allow for a simple explanation based on substitutivity .
the latter , while [giving] a crucial guide for the understanding of the way terms are used in different contexts , does not allow for a simple explanation based on substitutivity .

, when legislators are periodically elected , thus providing them with motives to find out what are their electors ' best interests and to satisfy them , at least where the prestige , power , and lawful remuneration of their office are their only rewards and where these rewards are themselves substantial ) .
, when legislators are periodically elected , thus [giving] them with motives to find out what are their electors ' best interests and to satisfy them , at least where the prestige , power , and lawful remuneration of their office are their only rewards and where these rewards are themselves substantial ) .

Finally , a government controls people by providing remedies for breaches of laws and for the violation of people 's rights .
finally , a government controls people by [giving] remedies for breaches of laws and for the violation of people 's rights .

Should we then say that Uruguay is not neutral unless it starts providing the country suffering from the shortage in that commodity ?
should we then say that uruguay is not neutral unless it starts [giving] the country suffering from the shortage in that commodity ?

Both combined lead to political conclusions which are in some ways akin to those of Rawls : political action should be concerned with providing individuals with the means by which they can develop , which enable them to choose and attempt to realize their own conception of the good .
both combined lead to political conclusions which are in some ways akin to those of rawls : political action should be concerned with [giving] individuals with the means by which they can develop , which enable them to choose and attempt to realize their own conception of the good .

Continuous oppression had made the Irish a completely wretched nation , and now , as everyone knows , they have the job of providing England , America and Australia etc .
continuous oppression had made the irish a completely wretched nation , and now , as everyone knows , they have the job of [giving] england , america and australia etc .

Internationalist rhetoric prevailed , providing a cover for an increasingly nationalist reality .
internationalist rhetoric prevailed , [giving] a cover for an increasingly nationalist reality .

No people can live by promises alone … preliminary work must be started for the reorganisation of the State on principles providing the highest guarantee of freedom and national self-determination in a democratic Russian Republic , based on the federal principle of a friendly family of Russian peoples where autonomous regions — Estonia among them — would constitute equal members .
no people can live by promises alone … preliminary work must be started for the reorganisation of the state on principles [giving] the highest guarantee of freedom and national self-determination in a democratic russian republic , based on the federal principle of a friendly family of russian peoples where autonomous regions — estonia among them — would constitute equal members .

The caddie also had to be fastidious with his player 's equipment , providing clean clubs and balls .
the caddie also had to be fastidious with his player 's equipment , [giving] clean clubs and balls .

Providing the right foods to the player on the course can be almost as important as giving the correct playing advice .
[giving] the right foods to the player on the course can be almost as important as giving the correct playing advice .

This is Mallerstang Edge , providing an exhilarating walk unhindered by walls and fences .
this is mallerstang edge , [giving] an exhilarating walk unhindered by walls and fences .

The first cairned top , High Pike Hill , is then quickly attained and soon the rim of cliffs trends due south , giving direction to the walk and providing aerial views of Mallerstang below .
the first cairned top , high pike hill , is then quickly attained and soon the rim of cliffs trends due south , giving direction to the walk and [giving] aerial views of mallerstang below .

The cairn was erected in the 1870s by the local gamekeeper and named after him : it stands twelve feet high with an interior providing shelter , and occupies a vantage point from which Josse could survey the whole of his domain .
the cairn was erected in the 1870s by the local gamekeeper and named after him : it stands twelve feet high with an interior [giving] shelter , and occupies a vantage point from which josse could survey the whole of his domain .

The south-western end of the hole is dangerous , a sinister shaft piercing the ground to a depth of 345 feet and open to receive bodies falling from the steep slopes around ; from its dark base passages radiate like tentacles , one of them providing , after much crawling and diving through Satanic pools , a through route to an opening in the valley below .
the south-western end of the hole is dangerous , a sinister shaft piercing the ground to a depth of 345 feet and open to receive bodies falling from the steep slopes around ; from its dark base passages radiate like tentacles , one of them [giving] , after much crawling and diving through satanic pools , a through route to an opening in the valley below .

The Farrers were generous benefactors , providing the inhabitants with electricity from a private turbine at the waterfall and contributing generously to the common good , but most notably in the lovely environs they created by planting natural woodlands , and constructing a lake and other amenities on their extensive estate nearby .
the farrers were generous benefactors , [giving] the inhabitants with electricity from a private turbine at the waterfall and contributing generously to the common good , but most notably in the lovely environs they created by planting natural woodlands , and constructing a lake and other amenities on their extensive estate nearby .

The entrance , attained by a scramble over a boulder , immediately opens into a straight passage with a high roof providing very easy walking for 250 yards ; then the roof level drops and further progress is possible only by crawling .
the entrance , attained by a scramble over a boulder , immediately opens into a straight passage with a high roof [giving] very easy walking for 250 yards ; then the roof level drops and further progress is possible only by crawling .

Since Alladice , the Divisional Court has accepted that access by a solicitor 's clerk to a detained person may be refused if the police believe that the clerk is ‘ not capable of providing advice , whether because of his appearance , age , his mental capacity or because of the police knowledge of him ’ .
since alladice , the divisional court has accepted that access by a solicitor 's clerk to a detained person may be refused if the police believe that the clerk is ‘ not capable of [giving] advice , whether because of his appearance , age , his mental capacity or because of the police knowledge of him ’ .

They have been attacked by Parliament , with the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1971 providing that :
they have been attacked by parliament , with the tribunals and inquiries act 1971 [giving] that :

It is to be noted further that the Act , no doubt inadvertently , facilitates such behaviour by providing that the Tribunal shall give reasons for its decisions only to the Prime Minister .
it is to be noted further that the act , no doubt inadvertently , facilitates such behaviour by [giving] that the tribunal shall give reasons for its decisions only to the prime minister .

They had the advantage of providing adequate studio space and being equipped with showers , but other facilities were primitive and the surroundings were not ideal .
they had the advantage of [giving] adequate studio space and being equipped with showers , but other facilities were primitive and the surroundings were not ideal .

Because the embryos begin to swim at the blastula stage they must be trapped in a nylon net to keep them still , the square holes providing micro-aquaria through which sea water is slowly passed .
because the embryos begin to swim at the blastula stage they must be trapped in a nylon net to keep them still , the square holes [giving] micro-aquaria through which sea water is slowly passed .

Perhaps the newt is just providing the frog surface layer with positional signals that may still be the same in both animals : what has changed in evolution is how the signals are interpreted .
perhaps the newt is just [giving] the frog surface layer with positional signals that may still be the same in both animals : what has changed in evolution is how the signals are interpreted .

Instructions imply providing new information to the recipient .
instructions imply [giving] new information to the recipient .

The later growth of the limb 's elements is coordinated by mechanical interactions with the growth of the bones providing the driving force .
the later growth of the limb 's elements is coordinated by mechanical interactions with the growth of the bones [giving] the driving force .

Two of these are astrocytes , which are supporting cells occupying the spaces around the nerve cells ; the third kind are oligodendrocytes which wrap closely around the nerve , providing an insulating layer which speeds conduction of the nerve impulse .
two of these are astrocytes , which are supporting cells occupying the spaces around the nerve cells ; the third kind are oligodendrocytes which wrap closely around the nerve , [giving] an insulating layer which speeds conduction of the nerve impulse .

Elsewhere man has modified the landscape less consciously , by providing congenial conditions for the river water crowfoot .
elsewhere man has modified the landscape less consciously , by [giving] congenial conditions for the river water crowfoot .

Section 1 of the 1944 Act gave tremendous responsibilities to the Minister : ‘ It shall be the duty of the Minister of Education to promote the education of the people of England and Wales and the progressive development of institutions devoted to that purpose , and to secure the effective execution by Local Authorities , under his control and direction , of national policy for providing a comprehensive educational service in every area .
section 1 of the 1944 act gave tremendous responsibilities to the minister : ‘ it shall be the duty of the minister of education to promote the education of the people of england and wales and the progressive development of institutions devoted to that purpose , and to secure the effective execution by local authorities , under his control and direction , of national policy for [giving] a comprehensive educational service in every area .

When there are problems in providing adequate meals for the patient , the social worker may bring in the ‘ meals on wheels ’ service .
when there are problems in [giving] adequate meals for the patient , the social worker may bring in the ‘ meals on wheels ’ service .

When preparing his food , you should think in terms of providing a ‘ finger buffet ’ with foods you might normally eat with a knife and fork .
when preparing his food , you should think in terms of [giving] a ‘ finger buffet ’ with foods you might normally eat with a knife and fork .

This is one of the reasons why anyone who works for himself should make sure that he is fully covered by insurance providing for loss of earnings during a long-term illness , as well as insurance against the possibility that he might not be able to work again after such an illness .
this is one of the reasons why anyone who works for himself should make sure that he is fully covered by insurance [giving] for loss of earnings during a long-term illness , as well as insurance against the possibility that he might not be able to work again after such an illness .

Providing it was kept free from rust , a good coat of mail , made by a master armourer , would last its owner a lifetime . It was kept clean by the simple method of scrubbing it with fine sand — a commodity in no short supply during Richard 's desert campaigns !
[giving] it was kept free from rust , a good coat of mail , made by a master armourer , would last its owner a lifetime . it was kept clean by the simple method of scrubbing it with fine sand — a commodity in no short supply during richard 's desert campaigns !

Because the outer layer is hard and brittle , any heaving or shifting of the more mobile material deeper down will cause it to break up , providing the clean , sharply-defined angular blocks which cover the surface of the flow .
because the outer layer is hard and brittle , any heaving or shifting of the more mobile material deeper down will cause it to break up , [giving] the clean , sharply-defined angular blocks which cover the surface of the flow .

The programme highlighted the importance of providing an effective ‘ vapour barrier ’ ( usually a skin of plastic sheeting ) behind the internal plasterboard surface — if moisture from inside the home seeped into the cavity it could rot the timber frame .
the programme highlighted the importance of [giving] an effective ‘ vapour barrier ’ ( usually a skin of plastic sheeting ) behind the internal plasterboard surface — if moisture from inside the home seeped into the cavity it could rot the timber frame .

The vendor can often save you a great deal of trouble , providing the truth is told .
the vendor can often save you a great deal of trouble , [giving] the truth is told .

There is a move towards providing an integrated package of services for corporate clients , generally termed travel management .
there is a move towards [giving] an integrated package of services for corporate clients , generally termed travel management .

Business travel companies can help clients to keep a check on expenditure by providing a detailed breakdown of how much money they are spending on travel .
business travel companies can help clients to keep a check on expenditure by [giving] a detailed breakdown of how much money they are spending on travel .

In England , parish registers providing dates of birth were instituted by law in 1538 .
in england , parish registers [giving] dates of birth were instituted by law in 1538 .

Although a minor error in the recitation of the Vedas was looked upon with strong disapproval , passing events were regarded by the Hindus as devoid of real significance and so it is not surprising that no importance was attached to providing them with accurate dates .
although a minor error in the recitation of the vedas was looked upon with strong disapproval , passing events were regarded by the hindus as devoid of real significance and so it is not surprising that no importance was attached to [giving] them with accurate dates .

It was providing 27,500 training places ( often in conjunction with the Manpower Services Commission ) : some 2,500 buildings were being improved ; estate action aimed to tackle run down housing ; and a large number of new ‘ partnerships ’ ( which some might see as subsidies , or discredited regional grants , in a new guise ) were in operation , in an effort to bring private investment to run-down urban areas .
it was [giving] 27,500 training places ( often in conjunction with the manpower services commission ) : some 2,500 buildings were being improved ; estate action aimed to tackle run down housing ; and a large number of new ‘ partnerships ’ ( which some might see as subsidies , or discredited regional grants , in a new guise ) were in operation , in an effort to bring private investment to run-down urban areas .

After providing a brief overview of the chronology of urban unrest during the 1980s , the chapter concentrates on two main themes .
after [giving] a brief overview of the chronology of urban unrest during the 1980s , the chapter concentrates on two main themes .

Finally , the chapter concludes by providing some reflections about the prospects during the decade ahead .
finally , the chapter concludes by [giving] some reflections about the prospects during the decade ahead .

But one thing seems clear : during the past decade the Government has been more intent on reducing the powers of local authorities than on providing for fundamental changes in the social conditions of the inner cities .
but one thing seems clear : during the past decade the government has been more intent on reducing the powers of local authorities than on [giving] for fundamental changes in the social conditions of the inner cities .

Any believer in social justice , or indeed any believer in a civilised society , must surely give a high priority to providing such an improvement .
any believer in social justice , or indeed any believer in a civilised society , must surely give a high priority to [giving] such an improvement .

He had said that the Government needed to be ‘ wary of providing incentives to obtain a particular benefit which can erode a sense of personal responsibility and adversely affect behaviour ’ .
he had said that the government needed to be ‘ wary of [giving] incentives to obtain a particular benefit which can erode a sense of personal responsibility and adversely affect behaviour ’ .

The best kind of flat is one that is above ground floor level and has its own entrance , providing that you do not gain access to your entrance up an unlit staircase or a long , dark walkway .
the best kind of flat is one that is above ground floor level and has its own entrance , [giving] that you do not gain access to your entrance up an unlit staircase or a long , dark walkway .

Any expenses incurred as part of a job , or as a self-employed person , providing the necessary receipts are kept .
any expenses incurred as part of a job , or as a self-employed person , [giving] the necessary receipts are kept .

As the previous chapters in this book show you can make a marvellous home for yourself somewhere else , providing you choose with care .
as the previous chapters in this book show you can make a marvellous home for yourself somewhere else , [giving] you choose with care .

Most friends or neighbours will happily take a fishtank , caged bird , or animal for two weeks , providing you give them written instructions and all the feeding , bedding and any other necessities .
most friends or neighbours will happily take a fishtank , caged bird , or animal for two weeks , [giving] you give them written instructions and all the feeding , bedding and any other necessities .

Keeping pets , providing that you take your responsibilities very seriously , genuinely love animals , and look after the pets properly , is marvellous whether you live alone or with other people .
keeping pets , [giving] that you take your responsibilities very seriously , genuinely love animals , and look after the pets properly , is marvellous whether you live alone or with other people .

Fertilization consists of the coming together of the two sets of chromosomes , 23 paternal and 23 maternal ones , so providing a new set of 46 chromosomes ‘ yoked together ’ in the zygote , which is the first cell of the new individual .
fertilization consists of the coming together of the two sets of chromosomes , 23 paternal and 23 maternal ones , so [giving] a new set of 46 chromosomes ‘ yoked together ’ in the zygote , which is the first cell of the new individual .

Of course , either type of surrogacy could be commissioned in the absence of medical reasons , with a view to providing a baby without the burden of pregnancy .
of course , either type of surrogacy could be commissioned in the absence of medical reasons , with a view to [giving] a baby without the burden of pregnancy .

The Government 's most favourable estimate for renewable power is that it could be providing 10 per cent by 2025 .
the government 's most favourable estimate for renewable power is that it could be [giving] 10 per cent by 2025 .

So far , the most successful renewable energy plants have been the ten hydro electric stations in Scotland providing around 2 per cent of the country 's electricity .
so far , the most successful renewable energy plants have been the ten hydro electric stations in scotland [giving] around 2 per cent of the country 's electricity .

India has 30 villages supplying all their energy from renewable sources — providing jobs and cheap power .
india has 30 villages supplying all their energy from renewable sources — [giving] jobs and cheap power .

The Department of Energy estimates that by the year 2000 , 1.6 million tonnes of straw could be providing energy on farms and for industry .
the department of energy estimates that by the year 2000 , 1.6 million tonnes of straw could be [giving] energy on farms and for industry .

Providing for pedestrians must be a top priority for any environmentally-conscious government .
[giving] for pedestrians must be a top priority for any environmentally-conscious government .

Contrary to popular belief , rainforests are not jungles through which you have to slash a path ; the tree tops screen out much of the sun and ground level plants do not grow that abundantly providing room to walk around in .
contrary to popular belief , rainforests are not jungles through which you have to slash a path ; the tree tops screen out much of the sun and ground level plants do not grow that abundantly [giving] room to walk around in .

Although a loan may be important to you , do not forget that banks make their money by providing loans .
although a loan may be important to you , do not forget that banks make their money by [giving] loans .

The amount of fat we actually need is staggeringly low at 5 grams ( less than a quarter of an ounce ) per day , providing it contains the right kind of fatty acids .
the amount of fat we actually need is staggeringly low at 5 grams ( less than a quarter of an ounce ) per day , [giving] it contains the right kind of fatty acids .

Only those with a medical problem which might be aggravated by physical activity should hesitate before stepping into action , but providing they have a word with their doctor first , even severely disabled people will usually benefit from some kind of exercise .
only those with a medical problem which might be aggravated by physical activity should hesitate before stepping into action , but [giving] they have a word with their doctor first , even severely disabled people will usually benefit from some kind of exercise .

Despite its recent bad press , a golden suntan is n't all bad — providing it is developed safely , slowly and sensibly .
despite its recent bad press , a golden suntan is n't all bad — [giving] it is developed safely , slowly and sensibly .

Nearly all clinics providing such a service insist on this .
nearly all clinics [giving] such a service insist on this .

Good health is not just about providing efficient , high quality medical services .
good health is not just about [giving] efficient , high quality medical services .

She was drawn towards the resilience of a man who offered the possibility of providing something which had eluded her during childhood — the exclusive love of a parent .
she was drawn towards the resilience of a man who offered the possibility of [giving] something which had eluded her during childhood — the exclusive love of a parent .

Theatre , film , television and books can play a vital part in the process , providing a psychological service within our cultural heritage .
theatre , film , television and books can play a vital part in the process , [giving] a psychological service within our cultural heritage .

Whether the resolution is through modifying blueprints or coercing others to conform with our internal codes , providing there is sufficient basic trust and security to allow the two worlds to meet , a process of mutual influence will operate .
whether the resolution is through modifying blueprints or coercing others to conform with our internal codes , [giving] there is sufficient basic trust and security to allow the two worlds to meet , a process of mutual influence will operate .

The greater the attempt to cling , the less the container can respond , thereby providing confirmation of the insecurity which feels so painful .
the greater the attempt to cling , the less the container can respond , thereby [giving] confirmation of the insecurity which feels so painful .

From this perspective , the remedy lies not so much in providing personal help as in attempting to reconcile the activities of women and the values of society more effectively .
from this perspective , the remedy lies not so much in [giving] personal help as in attempting to reconcile the activities of women and the values of society more effectively .

That one had been big and powerful , a trained hunter , providing the family regularly with musk , tār and wild boar meat .
that one had been big and powerful , a trained hunter , [giving] the family regularly with musk , tār and wild boar meat .

Government financial support is , therefore , primarily tailored to providing incentives to the private sector by reducing the costs and risks of inner city investment .
government financial support is , therefore , primarily tailored to [giving] incentives to the private sector by reducing the costs and risks of inner city investment .

These included a new , 30-mile [ 48-km ] section from Dumbarton to Inverary on Loch Fyne , near the head of which the weary soldiers inscribed a stone providing its name , still in use : ‘ Rest and be thankful ’ .
these included a new , 30-mile [ 48-km ] section from dumbarton to inverary on loch fyne , near the head of which the weary soldiers inscribed a stone [giving] its name , still in use : ‘ rest and be thankful ’ .

Dovercourt was designed for at most 500 residents but was providing for up to twice as many .
dovercourt was designed for at most 500 residents but was [giving] for up to twice as many .

This was an old country house with large grounds providing room for about sixty to seventy people .
this was an old country house with large grounds [giving] room for about sixty to seventy people .

Whatever their achievements in stimulating Zionist beliefs , and their powerful impact upon individual pupils , the farming centres failed in their immediate objective of providing a loyal and dedicated labour force for the emerging Palestine . How could it have been otherwise ?
whatever their achievements in stimulating zionist beliefs , and their powerful impact upon individual pupils , the farming centres failed in their immediate objective of [giving] a loyal and dedicated labour force for the emerging palestine . how could it have been otherwise ?

Sangenic also has the advantage of providing very good value for money .
sangenic also has the advantage of [giving] very good value for money .

MiLAN is committed to providing cost-effective solutions for networked Unix users .
milan is committed to [giving] cost-effective solutions for networked unix users .

We are a totally independent company dedicated to providing a high level of professional services to users of all Lotus software .
we are a totally independent company dedicated to [giving] a high level of professional services to users of all lotus software .

Whether it is providing a tip for better spreadsheet design , finding a useful ‘ add-in ’ to save hours on a routine problem , or changing over to Windows , we can help .
whether it is [giving] a tip for better spreadsheet design , finding a useful ‘ add-in ’ to save hours on a routine problem , or changing over to windows , we can help .

During the 1960s , the Phillips curve was interpreted by many as providing governments with a policy choice between unemployment and inflation ( given a close link between wage inflation and price inflation ) .
during the 1960s , the phillips curve was interpreted by many as [giving] governments with a policy choice between unemployment and inflation ( given a close link between wage inflation and price inflation ) .

What about the other one-third ? Well , there must be those who are genuinely squeezed by operating from high-cost locations ; some who are , and some who think they are , providing a higher-quality service ; some simply over-priced due to inefficiencies ; and a few possibly making hay while the sun shines but who are ignoring the storm clouds of the recession .
what about the other one-third ? well , there must be those who are genuinely squeezed by operating from high-cost locations ; some who are , and some who think they are , [giving] a higher-quality service ; some simply over-priced due to inefficiencies ; and a few possibly making hay while the sun shines but who are ignoring the storm clouds of the recession .

On the ground the aircraft has a nose-down stance providing an unobstructed view ahead , better than that of most touring singles , and this must be appreciated before smooth landings become the norm , otherwise , the result is slightly firm but still wellcontrolled arrivals .
on the ground the aircraft has a nose-down stance [giving] an unobstructed view ahead , better than that of most touring singles , and this must be appreciated before smooth landings become the norm , otherwise , the result is slightly firm but still wellcontrolled arrivals .

Simply by providing a variety of equipment and allowing the children to experiment , we are effectively increasing the possibility for incidental mathematical experience and learning .
simply by [giving] a variety of equipment and allowing the children to experiment , we are effectively increasing the possibility for incidental mathematical experience and learning .

There are inevitably occasions when an interested and sensitive adult may very well be welcomed into the child 's imaginative play , and a ‘ visitor ’ in the role of house guest , window cleaner or plumber , may even serve to extend the play by providing extra stimuli and ideas .
there are inevitably occasions when an interested and sensitive adult may very well be welcomed into the child 's imaginative play , and a ‘ visitor ’ in the role of house guest , window cleaner or plumber , may even serve to extend the play by [giving] extra stimuli and ideas .

Providing opportunity for this to be ‘ played out ’ in the security of the school can be of help .
[giving] opportunity for this to be ‘ played out ’ in the security of the school can be of help .

Smaller objects such as shells , buttons or bobbins may be provided to be used on any models produced , or as ‘ print ’ makers to make impressions in the dough , providing experience of space and shape .
smaller objects such as shells , buttons or bobbins may be provided to be used on any models produced , or as ‘ print ’ makers to make impressions in the dough , [giving] experience of space and shape .

Providing an apron for each child .
[giving] an apron for each child .

There may be a case for sometimes deliberately providing ‘ too many ’ or ‘ too few ’ of , for example , straws for bottles , to enable children to verbalise what they , in some cases , intuitively see .
there may be a case for sometimes deliberately [giving] ‘ too many ’ or ‘ too few ’ of , for example , straws for bottles , to enable children to verbalise what they , in some cases , intuitively see .

Experiences leading to mathematical ideas can be encouraged by providing a range of equipment in various sizes .
experiences leading to mathematical ideas can be encouraged by [giving] a range of equipment in various sizes .

It should be noted , however , that the group of 27 authorities who had training/development/personnel officers , all of whom were categorized as providing a higher than average amount of training , were varied in size of establishment .
it should be noted , however , that the group of 27 authorities who had training/development/personnel officers , all of whom were categorized as [giving] a higher than average amount of training , were varied in size of establishment .

Evaluation may be somewhat subjective and less than mathematically accurate , but it must be attempted if the desired cycle of planning , implementation appraisal and replanning is to achieve its object of providing even better and more relevant training within the library .
evaluation may be somewhat subjective and less than mathematically accurate , but it must be attempted if the desired cycle of planning , implementation appraisal and replanning is to achieve its object of [giving] even better and more relevant training within the library .

Local authority central training units , for example , can be described as providing ‘ external ’ , ‘ internal ’ or ‘ co-operative ’ training — according to the extent of the activity of the central department , and their relationship with library departments , as can other local authority funded groups , organizations , or institutions .
local authority central training units , for example , can be described as [giving] ‘ external ’ , ‘ internal ’ or ‘ co-operative ’ training — according to the extent of the activity of the central department , and their relationship with library departments , as can other local authority funded groups , organizations , or institutions .

Currently , external course assessment is carried out either by the organization providing the course , or by individual users for the benefit of their own authorities .
currently , external course assessment is carried out either by the organization [giving] the course , or by individual users for the benefit of their own authorities .

Militarisation worked for the Nazis as it had for the Prussians in that it helped control large numbers of people , allowed a cheap and easy growth of populist emotion and nationalist identity and became the mainspring of industry by providing demand .
militarisation worked for the nazis as it had for the prussians in that it helped control large numbers of people , allowed a cheap and easy growth of populist emotion and nationalist identity and became the mainspring of industry by [giving] demand .

Always providing you can convince the inevitable occupants of the urgency of your claim to their little corner of heaven .
always [giving] you can convince the inevitable occupants of the urgency of your claim to their little corner of heaven .

Another aim of the improved-cage project is , therefore , to prevent feather pecking by providing attractive alternative objects to peck .
another aim of the improved-cage project is , therefore , to prevent feather pecking by [giving] attractive alternative objects to peck .

Such contradictory findings do not immediately lend themselves to providing a basis for a programme of legislative reform .
such contradictory findings do not immediately lend themselves to [giving] a basis for a programme of legislative reform .

My thanks are owed to countless sportsmen and women for providing ammunition for my fortnightly meanderings .
my thanks are owed to countless sportsmen and women for [giving] ammunition for my fortnightly meanderings .

Providing the necessary care is obviously problematic — and for a number of very different kinds of reason .
[giving] the necessary care is obviously problematic — and for a number of very different kinds of reason .

They designed job descriptions , terms of employment and time sheets for support workers ; ( they were to be paid at a rate equivalent to home helps and care attendants , with increased payments for unsocial hours ; there was also to be a lower rate of payment for workers merely sleeping at a sufferer 's house , compared with providing active care ) .
they designed job descriptions , terms of employment and time sheets for support workers ; ( they were to be paid at a rate equivalent to home helps and care attendants , with increased payments for unsocial hours ; there was also to be a lower rate of payment for workers merely sleeping at a sufferer 's house , compared with [giving] active care ) .

She then contacted any other service-providers who appeared to be involved with the client , to ask them what help they were providing , and how they saw the client 's needs .
she then contacted any other service-providers who appeared to be involved with the client , to ask them what help they were [giving] , and how they saw the client 's needs .

Providing continuing direct support .
[giving] continuing direct support .

— providing companionship
— [giving] companionship

— providing a sitting service for relatives who needed relief .
— [giving] a sitting service for relatives who needed relief .

It can be seen that in only two cases was the expense of providing support worker help their main reason , but in other cases , too , such a reason was implicit .
it can be seen that in only two cases was the expense of [giving] support worker help their main reason , but in other cases , too , such a reason was implicit .

This could either have been because their services were more expensive , or because they were providing more of them .
this could either have been because their services were more expensive , or because they were [giving] more of them .

The calves grow quickly and can be taken to substantial weights without becoming too fat , providing prime beef .
the calves grow quickly and can be taken to substantial weights without becoming too fat , [giving] prime beef .

Provided breeding is selective , it is a most useful smallholder 's animal , giving perhaps 3,000kg of milk at more than 4 per cent butterfat and also providing good , small beef carcasses which are ideal for home freezers and small-scale catering .
provided breeding is selective , it is a most useful smallholder 's animal , giving perhaps 3,000kg of milk at more than 4 per cent butterfat and also [giving] good , small beef carcasses which are ideal for home freezers and small-scale catering .

Good catches of barbel , and many big ones , were taken , but nothing like the catches that swimfeeders , in the right hands , are capable of providing , much more often .
good catches of barbel , and many big ones , were taken , but nothing like the catches that swimfeeders , in the right hands , are capable of [giving] , much more often .

Longitudinal data would be invaluable in providing this essential information in Britain .
longitudinal data would be invaluable in [giving] this essential information in britain .

In doing this , the social security system has helped to encourage and justify age discrimination , providing a model for the private sector to emulate .
in doing this , the social security system has helped to encourage and justify age discrimination , [giving] a model for the private sector to emulate .

But retirement and the retirement pension , while certainly providing subsistence incomes to prevent destitution , have created and perpetuated universal enforced unemployment among older people and the lowered incomes that go with it .
but retirement and the retirement pension , while certainly [giving] subsistence incomes to prevent destitution , have created and perpetuated universal enforced unemployment among older people and the lowered incomes that go with it .

Older people are just as capable of providing new slants and ideas as anyone else .
older people are just as capable of [giving] new slants and ideas as anyone else .

Alan Walker argues that the social security policies have played a central role in puffing people on the margins of society , forcing them into retirement and then providing them with a pension which reduces many older people to economic dependency and even poverty .
alan walker argues that the social security policies have played a central role in puffing people on the margins of society , forcing them into retirement and then [giving] them with a pension which reduces many older people to economic dependency and even poverty .

Besides offering help with careers and providing educational information which can extend to working overseas and in the voluntary sector , the centre provides a job placement service .
besides offering help with careers and [giving] educational information which can extend to working overseas and in the voluntary sector , the centre provides a job placement service .

As well as providing background music , the stand will include an ongoing workshop demonstrating the process of producing new pieces .
as well as [giving] background music , the stand will include an ongoing workshop demonstrating the process of producing new pieces .

Following a request at the annual parish meeting , councillors have agreed to look into the cost of providing a shelter to be sited on an existing area of hard standing .
following a request at the annual parish meeting , councillors have agreed to look into the cost of [giving] a shelter to be sited on an existing area of hard standing .

June Rogers suggested that a roof on the Sun Hill School pool may be the answer to providing an all-year round swimming facility .
june rogers suggested that a roof on the sun hill school pool may be the answer to [giving] an all-year round swimming facility .

That experience , providing free advice to the borough , started a desire to apply his knowledge to promoting the conservation of the environment generally , not just for a relative few previous buildings .
that experience , [giving] free advice to the borough , started a desire to apply his knowledge to promoting the conservation of the environment generally , not just for a relative few previous buildings .

In this way , thought Chapman , the Southern League , in its new guise , would provide greater competition within itself and would have greater command over its members ' loyalty by providing automatic access for successful clubs to the League .
in this way , thought chapman , the southern league , in its new guise , would provide greater competition within itself and would have greater command over its members ' loyalty by [giving] automatic access for successful clubs to the league .

British public libraries have in the past 10 years diversified very considerably by providing their public with access to a variety of non-book materials .
british public libraries have in the past 10 years diversified very considerably by [giving] their public with access to a variety of non-book materials .

In recent years many British public libraries have increased the proportion of their resources committed to satisfying unexpressed need , by taking staff away from the library base to work in institutions in the community , and by changing the nature of collections to appeal to groups who had not previously seen public libraries as providing a service useful to them .
in recent years many british public libraries have increased the proportion of their resources committed to satisfying unexpressed need , by taking staff away from the library base to work in institutions in the community , and by changing the nature of collections to appeal to groups who had not previously seen public libraries as [giving] a service useful to them .

Librarianship textbooks sometimes draw a distinction between ‘ select bibliographies ’ and ‘ guides to the literature ’ , defining the latter as providing a discussion of the structure of the subject literature and bibliographical examples , rather than a full set of references .
librarianship textbooks sometimes draw a distinction between ‘ select bibliographies ’ and ‘ guides to the literature ’ , defining the latter as [giving] a discussion of the structure of the subject literature and bibliographical examples , rather than a full set of references .

The second common motivation is the desire to increase the use of the stock — either by improving its appearance , so as to attract more users to the library , and/or by providing easier access to elements of the stock which are worthwhile , by removing the dead wood .
the second common motivation is the desire to increase the use of the stock — either by improving its appearance , so as to attract more users to the library , and/or by [giving] easier access to elements of the stock which are worthwhile , by removing the dead wood .

The ‘ use ’ motivation is more common in public libraries , where the principle of providing an up-to-date stock of attractive appearance is more important , and where weeding is more commonly practised than in academic libraries .
the ‘ use ’ motivation is more common in public libraries , where the principle of [giving] an up-to-date stock of attractive appearance is more important , and where weeding is more commonly practised than in academic libraries .

He or she might also be responsible for a large department providing the bibliographical services of cataloguing , reservations and interloans .
he or she might also be responsible for a large department [giving] the bibliographical services of cataloguing , reservations and interloans .

The stimulating article Some library costs and options by Brown ( an economist ) concludes ‘ it seems to be worth acquiring and providing storage for , books likely to be wanted more often than , once in about 1.7 years over a long period ’ .
the stimulating article some library costs and options by brown ( an economist ) concludes ‘ it seems to be worth acquiring and [giving] storage for , books likely to be wanted more often than , once in about 1.7 years over a long period ’ .

From the nature conservation viewpoint there could be substantial gains if significant areas of the uplands reverted to a more natural condition without agricultural management , providing that forestry intervention on a large scale ( as agricultural land values fell ) was prevented .
from the nature conservation viewpoint there could be substantial gains if significant areas of the uplands reverted to a more natural condition without agricultural management , [giving] that forestry intervention on a large scale ( as agricultural land values fell ) was prevented .

There are now over 20 CABx working in hospitals , providing independent confidential support and advice for patients , staff and relatives .
there are now over 20 cabx working in hospitals , [giving] independent confidential support and advice for patients , staff and relatives .

The principal service to Fleetwood until 1963 was that to North Station , alternating with which was a Promenade service , providing a combined headway of six minutes during the season .
the principal service to fleetwood until 1963 was that to north station , alternating with which was a promenade service , [giving] a combined headway of six minutes during the season .

He recalled that he was overjoyed when he heard that Walter Luff was staying on until 1954 , thus providing him with the chance that he needed .
he recalled that he was overjoyed when he heard that walter luff was staying on until 1954 , thus [giving] him with the chance that he needed .

Its benefit was that shipping could avoid the dangerous passage round the north coast of Scotland and — as Britain was at war with France — there was great strategic value in providing a protected route for warships .
its benefit was that shipping could avoid the dangerous passage round the north coast of scotland and — as britain was at war with france — there was great strategic value in [giving] a protected route for warships .

The port of Goole on the River Ouse was opened in 1826 , at the junction of the Aire and Calder Navigation with the Ouse and the Don , and became an important Victorian canal port , providing a link with the Humber and the North Sea for places such as Doncaster , Wakefield and Sheffield .
the port of goole on the river ouse was opened in 1826 , at the junction of the aire and calder navigation with the ouse and the don , and became an important victorian canal port , [giving] a link with the humber and the north sea for places such as doncaster , wakefield and sheffield .

The men and the woods were interdependent , the ‘ bodgers ’ selectively felling only such trees as would encourage the straight and upright growth of saplings by providing sufficient light and space , so that new timber was always replacing that taken away .
the men and the woods were interdependent , the ‘ bodgers ’ selectively felling only such trees as would encourage the straight and upright growth of saplings by [giving] sufficient light and space , so that new timber was always replacing that taken away .

providing yourself ,
[giving] yourself ,

Another suggestion one tends to hear is that animals should live on our farms but not be killed , only providing us with milk , wool and manure .
another suggestion one tends to hear is that animals should live on our farms but not be killed , only [giving] us with milk , wool and manure .

For instance , you may be asked to go to a new and different place of work under the provisions of a mobility clause , or have the emphasis of your duties changed significantly , pursuant to a clause in the contract providing for flexible working .
for instance , you may be asked to go to a new and different place of work under the provisions of a mobility clause , or have the emphasis of your duties changed significantly , pursuant to a clause in the contract [giving] for flexible working .

These rules do not bite where a claim is settled , thus providing an additional incentive to both sides to reach a private agreement .
these rules do not bite where a claim is settled , thus [giving] an additional incentive to both sides to reach a private agreement .

Nor would he accept that he should work out the sum due by looking at the cost of providing a type of car which Mr Shove ‘ might reasonably be expected to acquire in his present circumstances ’ .
nor would he accept that he should work out the sum due by looking at the cost of [giving] a type of car which mr shove ‘ might reasonably be expected to acquire in his present circumstances ’ .

Their son was brought for baptism in the parish church on 30 December , his godfather , a local man called Samuel Taylor , providing the child with two distinctive names .
their son was brought for baptism in the parish church on 30 december , his godfather , a local man called samuel taylor , [giving] the child with two distinctive names .

Coleridge thought The Borderers ‘ absolutely wonderful ’ , and surrounded only by the distractions of friendship and a lovely , unfamiliar countryside , found time at Racedown to make progress with his own play , Wordsworth providing the necessary encouragement as well as some ‘ strict & almost severe ’ criticism .
coleridge thought the borderers ‘ absolutely wonderful ’ , and surrounded only by the distractions of friendship and a lovely , unfamiliar countryside , found time at racedown to make progress with his own play , wordsworth [giving] the necessary encouragement as well as some ‘ strict & almost severe ’ criticism .

In October , following a long silence , he finished two more of the autobiographical letters he had been writing for Tom Poole , providing in one of them , the most deeply-felt of all , his loving recollections of his father , and an account of the stormy night by the River Otter when he had almost died .
in october , following a long silence , he finished two more of the autobiographical letters he had been writing for tom poole , [giving] in one of them , the most deeply-felt of all , his loving recollections of his father , and an account of the stormy night by the river otter when he had almost died .

The shy young visitor was soon disputing with Wordsworth almost on equal terms ; and next evening , while Coleridge was providing Dorothy with superfluous explanations about the different notes of the nightingale , Hazlitt and Wordsworth ‘ got into a metaphysical argument ’ which may have inspired two of the most genial of the Lyrical Ballads — ‘ Expostulation and Reply ’ , and ‘ The Tables Turned ’ , both of them written ‘ in front of the house at Alfoxden ’ . 26
the shy young visitor was soon disputing with wordsworth almost on equal terms ; and next evening , while coleridge was [giving] dorothy with superfluous explanations about the different notes of the nightingale , hazlitt and wordsworth ‘ got into a metaphysical argument ’ which may have inspired two of the most genial of the lyrical ballads — ‘ expostulation and reply ’ , and ‘ the tables turned ’ , both of them written ‘ in front of the house at alfoxden ’ . 26

Keymat Technology has launched the Storm 800 series keyboard modules , a range of sealed keyboards providing resistance to the ingress of liquids or powders .
keymat technology has launched the storm 800 series keyboard modules , a range of sealed keyboards [giving] resistance to the ingress of liquids or powders .

Another area that researchers can study is the chemistry and spectroscopy of surfaces and very thin layers , providing a tool for the non-destructive analysis of layers and adsorbed molecules .
another area that researchers can study is the chemistry and spectroscopy of surfaces and very thin layers , [giving] a tool for the non-destructive analysis of layers and adsorbed molecules .

the question arises whether , in relation to any particular post , there is adequate potential to meet the needs of the firm , so notwithstanding what might otherwise be a desirable policy of providing career opportunities , this issue needs to be looked at closely .
the question arises whether , in relation to any particular post , there is adequate potential to meet the needs of the firm , so notwithstanding what might otherwise be a desirable policy of [giving] career opportunities , this issue needs to be looked at closely .

Platelets also participate in the fluid phase of coagulation through their active biochemical contents and by providing surfaces for reactions to take place .
platelets also participate in the fluid phase of coagulation through their active biochemical contents and by [giving] surfaces for reactions to take place .

Perhaps the way forward lies with a physician with an interest in diabetes based in each district general hospital providing a nucleus of expertise and sharing care with interested general practitioners .
perhaps the way forward lies with a physician with an interest in diabetes based in each district general hospital [giving] a nucleus of expertise and sharing care with interested general practitioners .

Pointing out the implications of high pore pressure and its importance in providing a lubricated detachment layer , they cite evidence from a recent earthquake in the thrust area that the zone is still ( or rather again ) seismically active in the same sense as in Variscan times .
pointing out the implications of high pore pressure and its importance in [giving] a lubricated detachment layer , they cite evidence from a recent earthquake in the thrust area that the zone is still ( or rather again ) seismically active in the same sense as in variscan times .

In recent years there has been a tremendous drive to keep elderly persons in their own homes for as long as possible , by giving close support to relatives and friends and by providing support from community services such as home helps and ‘ meals-on-wheels ’ .
in recent years there has been a tremendous drive to keep elderly persons in their own homes for as long as possible , by giving close support to relatives and friends and by [giving] support from community services such as home helps and ‘ meals-on-wheels ’ .

If required , the activities could be prioritised on the basis of whether they were primary , secondary , support or control activities , providing the basis for the evaluation of any proposed systems .
if required , the activities could be prioritised on the basis of whether they were primary , secondary , support or control activities , [giving] the basis for the evaluation of any proposed systems .

Systems thinking can help to put all new and existing factors into context , clarifying relationships and providing a baseline for deciding what action is needed to absorb the new requirements .
systems thinking can help to put all new and existing factors into context , clarifying relationships and [giving] a baseline for deciding what action is needed to absorb the new requirements .

To put the discussion into context , responsibility for providing further education in the United Kingdom is divided between three hierarchical levels , with the central government Department of Education and Science having overall responsibility , which is devolved to Local Education Authorities ( LEAs ) each accountable for the education provision in specified geographical areas .
to put the discussion into context , responsibility for [giving] further education in the united kingdom is divided between three hierarchical levels , with the central government department of education and science having overall responsibility , which is devolved to local education authorities ( leas ) each accountable for the education provision in specified geographical areas .

The starting point was a description of a system that reflected the equality paradigm , ie showing the activities necessary to maintain equilibrium when providing further education .
the starting point was a description of a system that reflected the equality paradigm , ie showing the activities necessary to maintain equilibrium when [giving] further education .

Within this ideal model ( Fig 12.3 ) , the actual costs of providing education at the appropriate level would be calculated for both academic and non-academic resources ( eg staff , equipment , facilities , services , etc ) .
within this ideal model ( fig 12.3 ) , the actual costs of [giving] education at the appropriate level would be calculated for both academic and non-academic resources ( eg staff , equipment , facilities , services , etc ) .

For example , having expanded components 1.0 to 7.0 of the model shown in Fig 12.5 , it became apparent that the main input to sub-system 8.0 ( ie ‘ adjust income/expenditure ’ ) was the detail of the College allocation of the total budget , with secondary inputs of information about the actual costs of providing the appropriate level of education .
for example , having expanded components 1.0 to 7.0 of the model shown in fig 12.5 , it became apparent that the main input to sub-system 8.0 ( ie ‘ adjust income/expenditure ’ ) was the detail of the college allocation of the total budget , with secondary inputs of information about the actual costs of [giving] the appropriate level of education .

The importance of providing a focal point for these developments was also emphasised , and it was felt that this could be part of the role of the College Administration Officer so that non-partisan strategies for computer developments could be evolved .
the importance of [giving] a focal point for these developments was also emphasised , and it was felt that this could be part of the role of the college administration officer so that non-partisan strategies for computer developments could be evolved .

providing the resources to carry it out
[giving] the resources to carry it out

The chosen organisation was a local authority that had participated in earlier developments , but this time the study examined the problems that had arisen in the Highways and the planning departments following the establishment of a common unit providing both with financial , administrative , personnel and computer support .
the chosen organisation was a local authority that had participated in earlier developments , but this time the study examined the problems that had arisen in the highways and the planning departments following the establishment of a common unit [giving] both with financial , administrative , personnel and computer support .

The major emphasis must be on providing the users with an overview of the available information , and how the information is interrelated .
the major emphasis must be on [giving] the users with an overview of the available information , and how the information is interrelated .

Accessing the information would be improved by providing procedures that would be easier to use , and the structure of the index would enable a search on a variety of parameters , with each item adequately cross-referenced .
accessing the information would be improved by [giving] procedures that would be easier to use , and the structure of the index would enable a search on a variety of parameters , with each item adequately cross-referenced .

Furthermore , it was felt that the potential costs of providing the necessary microfilming equipment , plus additional staff time , would outweigh any benefits gained , particularly as this could only be regarded as an interim solution before progressing to greater computerisation .
furthermore , it was felt that the potential costs of [giving] the necessary microfilming equipment , plus additional staff time , would outweigh any benefits gained , particularly as this could only be regarded as an interim solution before progressing to greater computerisation .

Do n't confuse the environment with the wider systems of interest , which , although providing inputs and receiving outputs , exercise control over the system being considered , normally by setting the standards , rules and so on ; additionally , the wider system often provides the resources that are used by the subject system .
do n't confuse the environment with the wider systems of interest , which , although [giving] inputs and receiving outputs , exercise control over the system being considered , normally by setting the standards , rules and so on ; additionally , the wider system often provides the resources that are used by the subject system .

As noted above , the proposals for securing and providing services involve an ‘ internal market ’ . The origin of this term is usually attributed to Enthoven ( 1985a ) , who explained his proposals thus :
as noted above , the proposals for securing and [giving] services involve an ‘ internal market ’ . the origin of this term is usually attributed to enthoven ( 1985a ) , who explained his proposals thus :

The separation of responsibility for purchasing health care from that of providing health care .
the separation of responsibility for purchasing health care from that of [giving] health care .

Economic evaluation and the calculation of comparative costs per quality-adjusted life-year gained is one way of providing such an explanation .
economic evaluation and the calculation of comparative costs per quality-adjusted life-year gained is one way of [giving] such an explanation .

The status of the text is unclear : is it providing only arbitrary examples ?
the status of the text is unclear : is it [giving] only arbitrary examples ?

The text goes on to refer to a general trust clause providing that the heir should pay the legacies and carry out the instructions in the will .
the text goes on to refer to a general trust clause [giving] that the heir should pay the legacies and carry out the instructions in the will .

The latter , a gentleman of cultural and literary tastes , is in the practice of providing tuition in various languages to those desirous of obtaining his services in that behalf , and tells us that Herr Hamnett , being a young gentleman of similar intellectual inclinations , had kindly offered to assist him in his labours … ’
the latter , a gentleman of cultural and literary tastes , is in the practice of [giving] tuition in various languages to those desirous of obtaining his services in that behalf , and tells us that herr hamnett , being a young gentleman of similar intellectual inclinations , had kindly offered to assist him in his labours … ’

providing library sounds for completely silent bits of film ) ; quiet cameras ; ‘ talkback ’ and other intercom systems ; ‘ boom ’ microphones ( so the mike could be placed over the actor 's head and moved as necessary ) ; equalization ; track-bouncing ; replacement of dialogue ( including alternative languages ) ; filtering ( for removing traffic noise , wind noise , or for simulating telephone conversations ) ; busbars for routing controlled amounts of foldback or reverberation ; three-track recording ( music , effects , and dialogue , any of which could be changed as necessary ) ; automatic volume limiters ; and synchronous playback ( for dance or mimed shots ) .
[giving] library sounds for completely silent bits of film ) ; quiet cameras ; ‘ talkback ’ and other intercom systems ; ‘ boom ’ microphones ( so the mike could be placed over the actor 's head and moved as necessary ) ; equalization ; track-bouncing ; replacement of dialogue ( including alternative languages ) ; filtering ( for removing traffic noise , wind noise , or for simulating telephone conversations ) ; busbars for routing controlled amounts of foldback or reverberation ; three-track recording ( music , effects , and dialogue , any of which could be changed as necessary ) ; automatic volume limiters ; and synchronous playback ( for dance or mimed shots ) .

The great Merseyside Survey of the 1930s carried out from Liverpool University was mainly concerned with unemployment and poverty and , like many local social surveys carried out up and down the United Kingdom , sought to measure the incidence of certain social problems with a view to providing sound empirical data upon which local and central social policy could be based .
the great merseyside survey of the 1930s carried out from liverpool university was mainly concerned with unemployment and poverty and , like many local social surveys carried out up and down the united kingdom , sought to measure the incidence of certain social problems with a view to [giving] sound empirical data upon which local and central social policy could be based .

On the other hand , although some research journals can be slow in publishing articles they are usually published quarterly , with the object of providing up-to-date findings .
on the other hand , although some research journals can be slow in publishing articles they are usually published quarterly , with the object of [giving] up-to-date findings .

Time off would be allowed providing the Police Service would permit it .
time off would be allowed [giving] the police service would permit it .

If astrology was limited to the latest fad of providing newspaper horoscopes for the family 's ‘ pampered pooch ’ , it would be comical .
if astrology was limited to the latest fad of [giving] newspaper horoscopes for the family 's ‘ pampered pooch ’ , it would be comical .

Perhaps Christianity has been to blame for not providing manly worship and interests and fellowship .
perhaps christianity has been to blame for not [giving] manly worship and interests and fellowship .

Opposite Marks and Spencers bazaar was an arcade providing a short cut through to The Market although it was always closed on Sundays , with locked gates at either end .
opposite marks and spencers bazaar was an arcade [giving] a short cut through to the market although it was always closed on sundays , with locked gates at either end .

Then Mr. Cannell repeated the process meanwhile providing first-class free entertainment for onlookers who had no intention of buying anything .
then mr. cannell repeated the process meanwhile [giving] first-class free entertainment for onlookers who had no intention of buying anything .

Ten species of owl are represented by 27 pellet samples providing small mammal samples large enough for analysis .
ten species of owl are represented by 27 pellet samples [giving] small mammal samples large enough for analysis .

Two species of diurnal raptor are represented by 10 pellet samples providing small mammal samples large enough for analysis , and in addition a further seven raptors were also investigated , providing 12 pellet samples not large enough for analysis .
two species of diurnal raptor are represented by 10 pellet samples [giving] small mammal samples large enough for analysis , and in addition a further seven raptors were also investigated , [giving] 12 pellet samples not large enough for analysis .

Seven species of mammalian carnivore are represented by 9 scat samples providing small mammal samples large enough for analysis , and a further six species were also investigated .
seven species of mammalian carnivore are represented by 9 scat samples [giving] small mammal samples large enough for analysis , and a further six species were also investigated .

The personnel car accommodated the day and night orderlies , providing 56 seats by day and sleeping berths for 28 .
the personnel car accommodated the day and night orderlies , [giving] 56 seats by day and sleeping berths for 28 .

The door next passed to a specially constructed machine , which cut the three grooves for the hinges : these were then fixed by screws , after which the door was ready for testing in the gauge , the latter consisting of a metal frame providing a replica of the door opening in a coach .
the door next passed to a specially constructed machine , which cut the three grooves for the hinges : these were then fixed by screws , after which the door was ready for testing in the gauge , the latter consisting of a metal frame [giving] a replica of the door opening in a coach .

’ The Board made it clear that ‘ if a School Board is resolved upon , the arrangement by which the Company now pay rates upon their cottage property will be terminated , and that the rates will have to be paid by the tenants themselves : On the other hand , if the Board is not decided upon , the Company will combine with the remaining £4,000 of assessment in the Parish with a view of providing a small Infant School at Old Bradwell .
’ the board made it clear that ‘ if a school board is resolved upon , the arrangement by which the company now pay rates upon their cottage property will be terminated , and that the rates will have to be paid by the tenants themselves : on the other hand , if the board is not decided upon , the company will combine with the remaining £4,000 of assessment in the parish with a view of [giving] a small infant school at old bradwell .

Fast and clever , Roy was a typical inside man of his day , but he was better than most and had a successful career with Palace , providing the ideal foil to the mercurial Johnny Byrne and helping to make us a respected side in Division 3 before leaving for Portsmouth in the summer of 1963 .
fast and clever , roy was a typical inside man of his day , but he was better than most and had a successful career with palace , [giving] the ideal foil to the mercurial johnny byrne and helping to make us a respected side in division 3 before leaving for portsmouth in the summer of 1963 .

The concept of the village is to afford local craftspeople the opportunity to establish viable business for themselves while providing an alternative range of consumer goods which should prove attractive to both locals and visitors to the city .
the concept of the village is to afford local craftspeople the opportunity to establish viable business for themselves while [giving] an alternative range of consumer goods which should prove attractive to both locals and visitors to the city .

Ever since the first public park was opened at Ormeau on Easter Saturday 1871 , the commitment to providing public open space has been on the increase .
ever since the first public park was opened at ormeau on easter saturday 1871 , the commitment to [giving] public open space has been on the increase .

The theme was ‘ Light and Colour ’ with the Ulster Museum Science Bus providing fascinating experiments and equipment to demonstrate the properties of light — including the ‘ Laser Amazer ’ and ‘ Plasma Dome ’ ( see right ) .
the theme was ‘ light and colour ’ with the ulster museum science bus [giving] fascinating experiments and equipment to demonstrate the properties of light — including the ‘ laser amazer ’ and ‘ plasma dome ’ ( see right ) .

For over twenty years it has been constantly perceptive and probing in its reporting of the North 's political and artistic life , as well as providing a platform for all shades of opinion in Ireland .
for over twenty years it has been constantly perceptive and probing in its reporting of the north 's political and artistic life , as well as [giving] a platform for all shades of opinion in ireland .

The Group saw group moderation by teachers as a vital element , as being a process with significant benefit to teachers in itself as well as providing a crucial counterbalance to crudely over-simplified test results .
the group saw group moderation by teachers as a vital element , as being a process with significant benefit to teachers in itself as well as [giving] a crucial counterbalance to crudely over-simplified test results .

Sometimes those who espouse notions of equal opportunity in education confuse that expression of intent with providing the same for everyone , which of course is a denial of equal opportunity .
sometimes those who espouse notions of equal opportunity in education confuse that expression of intent with [giving] the same for everyone , which of course is a denial of equal opportunity .

Formative , in providing information which teachers can use in deciding how a pupil 's learning should be taken forward and in giving the pupils themselves clear and understandable targets and feedback about their achievement . It will also provide teachers and others with the means of identifying the need for further diagnostic assessments for particular pupils where appropriate to help their educational development ;
formative , in [giving] information which teachers can use in deciding how a pupil 's learning should be taken forward and in giving the pupils themselves clear and understandable targets and feedback about their achievement . it will also provide teachers and others with the means of identifying the need for further diagnostic assessments for particular pupils where appropriate to help their educational development ;

Summative , in providing overall evidence of the achievements of a pupil and of what he or she knows , understands and can do ;
summative , in [giving] overall evidence of the achievements of a pupil and of what he or she knows , understands and can do ;

Providing a full service
[giving] a full service

Any time you want to spend some of your savings , just use your Saver Plus Card at our cash machines to withdraw up to £500 a day ( providing there is sufficient money in Saver Plus ) or transfer the amount you want back to your Current Account . Instant access , 24 hours a day !
any time you want to spend some of your savings , just use your saver plus card at our cash machines to withdraw up to £500 a day ( [giving] there is sufficient money in saver plus ) or transfer the amount you want back to your current account . instant access , 24 hours a day !

The science on which the art was grounded comprised the natural history , anatomy , physiology and pathology of those animals , together with those portions of the vegetable and mineral kingdoms providing either aliment or remedy .
the science on which the art was grounded comprised the natural history , anatomy , physiology and pathology of those animals , together with those portions of the vegetable and mineral kingdoms [giving] either aliment or remedy .

It is no exaggeration to say that the task of providing classes of students with adequate and representative material to illustrate a course on the diseases of farm animals is still one of the most intractable problems veterinary colleges face today ; few have solved it satisfactorily .
it is no exaggeration to say that the task of [giving] classes of students with adequate and representative material to illustrate a course on the diseases of farm animals is still one of the most intractable problems veterinary colleges face today ; few have solved it satisfactorily .

This had the effect of providing good development opportunities to hotel and restaurant staff , excellent placements for students , the chance for restaurant managers ' skills to be updated and income for the college .
this had the effect of [giving] good development opportunities to hotel and restaurant staff , excellent placements for students , the chance for restaurant managers ' skills to be updated and income for the college .

Into this situation came the decision of Sheffield Education Department to provide support for curriculum development in secondary schools by providing cover for the release of five teachers to undertake school focused curriculum development in the academic year 1986–7 .
into this situation came the decision of sheffield education department to provide support for curriculum development in secondary schools by [giving] cover for the release of five teachers to undertake school focused curriculum development in the academic year 1986–7 .

There are four partners who are school governors , providing not only their skills and expertise , but a real understanding of the school through practical involvement .
there are four partners who are school governors , [giving] not only their skills and expertise , but a real understanding of the school through practical involvement .

These achievements stem from the core aims which link with school values , concern for quality in education , and the merit of the ‘ partnership ’ notion , providing a framework for activity .
these achievements stem from the core aims which link with school values , concern for quality in education , and the merit of the ‘ partnership ’ notion , [giving] a framework for activity .

The justification of the partnership approach is that it encourages the notions of quality and excellence , whilst providing a framework within which a wide range of activities can be given a sense of coherence and wholeness .
the justification of the partnership approach is that it encourages the notions of quality and excellence , whilst [giving] a framework within which a wide range of activities can be given a sense of coherence and wholeness .

The significance of this in terms of teacher learning is the way in which teacher placement supports a broad based professional development model which integrates with specific and general school issues and is attractive because it is beyond the conventional forms of in-service providing a radical , memorable experience in a teacher 's career .
the significance of this in terms of teacher learning is the way in which teacher placement supports a broad based professional development model which integrates with specific and general school issues and is attractive because it is beyond the conventional forms of in-service [giving] a radical , memorable experience in a teacher 's career .

The role of the organiser is vital in providing careful preparation and support so as to ensure that identifiable outcomes result from the placement .
the role of the organiser is vital in [giving] careful preparation and support so as to ensure that identifiable outcomes result from the placement .

The regional managers occupy a crucial role in providing a strategic framework for management of the Teacher Placement Service .
the regional managers occupy a crucial role in [giving] a strategic framework for management of the teacher placement service .

In education , the sense of direction , and the evaluation of its various purposes , is subject to national and local policies with political imperatives providing the stimulus for change .
in education , the sense of direction , and the evaluation of its various purposes , is subject to national and local policies with political imperatives [giving] the stimulus for change .

But it is also part of that long revolt in more liberal climes against the dominance of the ‘ providing state ’ , along with the rise of the individual citizen consumer — Galbraith 's ‘ politics of comfort ’ .
but it is also part of that long revolt in more liberal climes against the dominance of the ‘ [giving] state ’ , along with the rise of the individual citizen consumer — galbraith 's ‘ politics of comfort ’ .

As well as providing a worthwhile focus for study , business can enliven the process of education by offering hands-on opportunities , team work , enterprise and leadership situations .
as well as [giving] a worthwhile focus for study , business can enliven the process of education by offering hands-on opportunities , team work , enterprise and leadership situations .

The right to commit a private nuisance , but not a public one , may be acquired by prescription , that is 20 years user , providing it was nec vi , nec clam , nec precario ( without force , without secrecy , without permission ) .
the right to commit a private nuisance , but not a public one , may be acquired by prescription , that is 20 years user , [giving] it was nec vi , nec clam , nec precario ( without force , without secrecy , without permission ) .

This eventuality is provided for in s.97 of the Public Health Act 1936 , and proceedings may be instituted against any one , or all of the odour emitters providing sufficient evidence can be obtained to satisfy the court that a particular works is in fact contributing to the statutory nuisance .
this eventuality is provided for in s.97 of the public health act 1936 , and proceedings may be instituted against any one , or all of the odour emitters [giving] sufficient evidence can be obtained to satisfy the court that a particular works is in fact contributing to the statutory nuisance .

This seems to suggest that the policy of the 1974 Act is the recognition that there is a need for industrial waste to be disposed of , and the companies doing so are providing a much needed service , but such operations ought to be closely controlled to ensure that any interference on the surrounding locality is minimal .
this seems to suggest that the policy of the 1974 act is the recognition that there is a need for industrial waste to be disposed of , and the companies doing so are [giving] a much needed service , but such operations ought to be closely controlled to ensure that any interference on the surrounding locality is minimal .

The difficulty for the disposal authority would lie in providing sufficient evidence to show that the odour emission is causing ‘ severe ’ detriment .
the difficulty for the disposal authority would lie in [giving] sufficient evidence to show that the odour emission is causing ‘ severe ’ detriment .

Simple measures such as keeping doors and windows closed , providing adequate containers for odorous material , covering the contents , refrigeration where necessary and the careful disposal of odorous or potentially odorous waste , are just a few preventative measures which ought to be taken in all trades , but particularly so in the animal byproduct industry , where putrescible matter is concerned .
simple measures such as keeping doors and windows closed , [giving] adequate containers for odorous material , covering the contents , refrigeration where necessary and the careful disposal of odorous or potentially odorous waste , are just a few preventative measures which ought to be taken in all trades , but particularly so in the animal byproduct industry , where putrescible matter is concerned .

Sidner ( 1979a , b ) concentrated on local rather than global focus , arguing that a local focus-driven approach could significantly reduce problems of inference , and providing a detailed set of algorithms for applying focus in this way .
sidner ( 1979a , b ) concentrated on local rather than global focus , arguing that a local focus-driven approach could significantly reduce problems of inference , and [giving] a detailed set of algorithms for applying focus in this way .

On the other hand being sufficiently flexible to make small adjustments to your behaviour , providing the chosen mode is appropriate , is likely to be effective .
on the other hand being sufficiently flexible to make small adjustments to your behaviour , [giving] the chosen mode is appropriate , is likely to be effective .

If your boss listens , agrees with your suggestions and even adds to them , providing you found this ‘ nice ’ , your behaviour of putting forward ideas has been positively reinforced .
if your boss listens , agrees with your suggestions and even adds to them , [giving] you found this ‘ nice ’ , your behaviour of putting forward ideas has been positively reinforced .

If , on the other hand , your boss kept chasing you for ideas and generally putting the pressure on you until he got ideas that he considered satisfactory , then , providing you found the pressure ‘ nasty ’ and its cessation ‘ nice ’ , behaviour of putting forward ideas would also have been reinforced .
if , on the other hand , your boss kept chasing you for ideas and generally putting the pressure on you until he got ideas that he considered satisfactory , then , [giving] you found the pressure ‘ nasty ’ and its cessation ‘ nice ’ , behaviour of putting forward ideas would also have been reinforced .

Managers are responsible for providing their people with development opportunities , but it is always up to the individual person to take the opportunities on offer and make something of them .
managers are responsible for [giving] their people with development opportunities , but it is always up to the individual person to take the opportunities on offer and make something of them .

Responsibility for these plans was divided between the tiers of local government after reorganization so that counties , metropolitan counties and the Scottish regions were responsible for the structure plans , which were understood , at first at least , to be of strategic importance , providing the framework within which local plans might be prepared by district councils .
responsibility for these plans was divided between the tiers of local government after reorganization so that counties , metropolitan counties and the scottish regions were responsible for the structure plans , which were understood , at first at least , to be of strategic importance , [giving] the framework within which local plans might be prepared by district councils .

The limitations on council spending have encouraged a search for other ways of providing services .
the limitations on council spending have encouraged a search for other ways of [giving] services .

This role , of locally providing and administering a wide range of public services , from planning and transport to housing and education , was deeply embedded in the postwar political consensus , and local government seemed to have found a safe and secure niche with the coming of a fully fledged welfare state .
this role , of locally [giving] and administering a wide range of public services , from planning and transport to housing and education , was deeply embedded in the postwar political consensus , and local government seemed to have found a safe and secure niche with the coming of a fully fledged welfare state .

Hence , the argument runs , even without central financial control most local councils would have been providing similar levels of services .
hence , the argument runs , even without central financial control most local councils would have been [giving] similar levels of services .

Everything the school does should be geared to providing most effectively and efficiently for pupil learning — be it the structures and systems used to run the school , the deployment of staff , or the use of its other resources .
everything the school does should be geared to [giving] most effectively and efficiently for pupil learning — be it the structures and systems used to run the school , the deployment of staff , or the use of its other resources .

legitimise this notion by providing time for staff to discuss problems together ;
legitimise this notion by [giving] time for staff to discuss problems together ;

Catering is an obvious example of how this might work , with the school premises providing a base for wedding receptions and other functions during weekends and holidays , or the kitchens providing meals for other establishments during the working week .
catering is an obvious example of how this might work , with the school premises [giving] a base for wedding receptions and other functions during weekends and holidays , or the kitchens [giving] meals for other establishments during the working week .

What is the basic cost of providing any room or recreation area for an evening , including of course heating , lighting , cleaning and caretaking ?
what is the basic cost of [giving] any room or recreation area for an evening , including of course heating , lighting , cleaning and caretaking ?

Providing for exceptional and individual needs may be more costly than providing for the average needs of fairly homogeneous groups of pupils .
[giving] for exceptional and individual needs may be more costly than [giving] for the average needs of fairly homogeneous groups of pupils .

‘ Providing 24-hour seven-day surveillance of the building would reduce vandalism and theft enough to cover the cost . ’
‘ [giving] 24-hour seven-day surveillance of the building would reduce vandalism and theft enough to cover the cost . ’

Offering advice on Community law involves recruiting specialists , providing continuing legal education on Community law to lawyers in all departments , and equipping library and information centres with all relevant Community documentation .
offering advice on community law involves recruiting specialists , [giving] continuing legal education on community law to lawyers in all departments , and equipping library and information centres with all relevant community documentation .

In the first place , the nationality of the company vis-à-vis the country in which it is providing services is not the factor which triggers the application of Community law .
in the first place , the nationality of the company vis-à-vis the country in which it is [giving] services is not the factor which triggers the application of community law .

Secondly , companies established in one member state and providing services in another through intermediaries may actually enjoy a legal advantage over companies doing business in the latter state through agencies , branches or subsidiaries .
secondly , companies established in one member state and [giving] services in another through intermediaries may actually enjoy a legal advantage over companies doing business in the latter state through agencies , branches or subsidiaries .

In such fields a double need arises : to harmonise licensing requirements for companies intending to carry on the activities in question , and to establish essential standards for the prudential supervision of companies providing financial services .
in such fields a double need arises : to harmonise licensing requirements for companies intending to carry on the activities in question , and to establish essential standards for the prudential supervision of companies [giving] financial services .

For companies established or providing services in different member states to have to adjust to different regulatory regimes may lead to a duplication of accounting , licensing and countless other requirements .
for companies established or [giving] services in different member states to have to adjust to different regulatory regimes may lead to a duplication of accounting , licensing and countless other requirements .

Many ventures which begin life as EEIGs will , if successful , need to progress to full integration , earning their own profits , enjoying limited liability and providing a basis on which capital can be raised from institutions or the public .
many ventures which begin life as eeigs will , if successful , need to progress to full integration , earning their own profits , enjoying limited liability and [giving] a basis on which capital can be raised from institutions or the public .

It recognises that competition is not an end in itself by providing a procedure whereby , although certain agreements or arrangements may prevent , restrict or distort competition , they may none the less improve the production or distribution of goods or promote technical or economic progress to the benefit of consumers .
it recognises that competition is not an end in itself by [giving] a procedure whereby , although certain agreements or arrangements may prevent , restrict or distort competition , they may none the less improve the production or distribution of goods or promote technical or economic progress to the benefit of consumers .

Where an undertaking refuses to co-operate with the Commission , the Commission can not force access to the premises , but it can call for the assistance of the relevant national authorities in carrying out an active search for evidence and the national authorities must co-operate in providing such assistance .
where an undertaking refuses to co-operate with the commission , the commission can not force access to the premises , but it can call for the assistance of the relevant national authorities in carrying out an active search for evidence and the national authorities must co-operate in [giving] such assistance .

The proposed 13th Company Directive on takeovers is aimed at providing minimum ground rules to establish this regulatory environment and it is discussed below at pages 91 — 100 .
the proposed 13th company directive on takeovers is aimed at [giving] minimum ground rules to establish this regulatory environment and it is discussed below at pages 91 — 100 .

Their application to mergers therefore tends to lead to uncertainty and instability , instead of providing the orderly framework and timetable essential for the conduct of public share acquisitions and takeover bids .
their application to mergers therefore tends to lead to uncertainty and instability , instead of [giving] the orderly framework and timetable essential for the conduct of public share acquisitions and takeover bids .

‘ He 's the one who should be providing money to get you out of 'ere .
‘ he 's the one who should be [giving] money to get you out of 'ere .

Given that these benefits are transferable , then there is the potential for ensuring smooth aircraft operations and safety by providing intelligent decision support environments to aircraft maintenance staff .
given that these benefits are transferable , then there is the potential for ensuring smooth aircraft operations and safety by [giving] intelligent decision support environments to aircraft maintenance staff .

However , expert systems technology allows specialists to transfer their expertise to a computer system providing a means to disseminate expertise in a comprehensive and cost effective manner .
however , expert systems technology allows specialists to transfer their expertise to a computer system [giving] a means to disseminate expertise in a comprehensive and cost effective manner .

Providing that the castration is restricted to cutting off the testicles alone ( sometimes the whole kit would go ) , it is possible for a man 's libido and ability to indulge in intercourse not to be reduced at all .
[giving] that the castration is restricted to cutting off the testicles alone ( sometimes the whole kit would go ) , it is possible for a man 's libido and ability to indulge in intercourse not to be reduced at all .

The Massed Military Bands lead into the Finale sequence providing the time honoured climax to the Edinburgh Military Tattoo , join us then in singing the evening hymn .
the massed military bands lead into the finale sequence [giving] the time honoured climax to the edinburgh military tattoo , join us then in singing the evening hymn .

That year , however , at the suggestion of Admiral Tinklar , the new Governor of Winson Green , an Act of Parliament was passed providing useful work for debtors in prison — making post office bags , naval hammocks and army haversacks , grinding corn and picking oakum .
that year , however , at the suggestion of admiral tinklar , the new governor of winson green , an act of parliament was passed [giving] useful work for debtors in prison — making post office bags , naval hammocks and army haversacks , grinding corn and picking oakum .

After the introduction of the National Health Service in 1948 , the Mapplewell and Staincross Hospital Committee changed its title to the present one and the sing continued , providing the help that is still so important .
after the introduction of the national health service in 1948 , the mapplewell and staincross hospital committee changed its title to the present one and the sing continued , [giving] the help that is still so important .

Pageant-masters were elected with responsibility for commissioning the script , recruiting actors , providing costumes and preparing the wagons on which the play was performed .
pageant-masters were elected with responsibility for commissioning the script , recruiting actors , [giving] costumes and preparing the wagons on which the play was performed .

The long , silvery , all-metal kitchen was already occupied by two figures dressed in white trousers and jackets topped by high white paper hats : the diminutive lady chef from Montreal and a tall willowy young man who introduced himself as Angus , the special chef employed by the outside firm of top-class caterers who were providing for this journey the sort of food not usually served on trains .
the long , silvery , all-metal kitchen was already occupied by two figures dressed in white trousers and jackets topped by high white paper hats : the diminutive lady chef from montreal and a tall willowy young man who introduced himself as angus , the special chef employed by the outside firm of top-class caterers who were [giving] for this journey the sort of food not usually served on trains .

Providing additional resources for the state in the form of excise duties .
[giving] additional resources for the state in the form of excise duties .

Your wedding photographs will keep the memories of the big da alive for you and your future family for many years to come , providing a permanent record of all those small details so carefully planned yet so easy to forget as the years roll by .
your wedding photographs will keep the memories of the big da alive for you and your future family for many years to come , [giving] a permanent record of all those small details so carefully planned yet so easy to forget as the years roll by .

Around half a mile away was the small Hertfordshire town of Tring with shops and bakeries providing everything for a canal side picnic .
around half a mile away was the small hertfordshire town of tring with shops and bakeries [giving] everything for a canal side picnic .

The main proposal is that the government should support a move that the Energy Bill should give electricity boards responsibility for providing heat .
the main proposal is that the government should support a move that the energy bill should give electricity boards responsibility for [giving] heat .

And we offered a mini-prize , of £250 ( plus two £ 100 prizes for the runners-up ) , not for carrying out such an experiment but for providing an idea for a critical experiment .
and we offered a mini-prize , of £250 ( plus two £ 100 prizes for the runners-up ) , not for carrying out such an experiment but for [giving] an idea for a critical experiment .

In China , some 7 million biogas plants consume human and food waste , providing gas and a nitrogen-rich sludge which makes a good fertiliser .
in china , some 7 million biogas plants consume human and food waste , [giving] gas and a nitrogen-rich sludge which makes a good fertiliser .

More important than the cash itself , which would be spent over five years , with the taxpayer providing two thirds , is the suggestion that within the Department of Industry ( DoI ) there should be a small commercially-minded unit to run the project .
more important than the cash itself , which would be spent over five years , with the taxpayer [giving] two thirds , is the suggestion that within the department of industry ( doi ) there should be a small commercially-minded unit to run the project .

But , after the fiasco of Super-SARA , the British are not alone in asking whether the cumbersome bureaucracy and politicking of European Community big-science , is providing value for money .
but , after the fiasco of super-sara , the british are not alone in asking whether the cumbersome bureaucracy and politicking of european community big-science , is [giving] value for money .

The world has committed itself to providing water and sanitation for all by the year 1990 . It will not reach that target without the right hardware
the world has committed itself to [giving] water and sanitation for all by the year 1990 . it will not reach that target without the right hardware

India , for example , has set itself a target of providing 80 per cent sanitation in towns , 25 per cent in rural areas , and water for all .
india , for example , has set itself a target of [giving] 80 per cent sanitation in towns , 25 per cent in rural areas , and water for all .

The hip and knee indicate that she could have existed on the ground , providing evidence that she was close to the point of divergence .
the hip and knee indicate that she could have existed on the ground , [giving] evidence that she was close to the point of divergence .

If our much smaller , and much more numerous local museums are also to come in from the cold , the only route open to them is the one of providing a stimulating and memorable learning experience .
if our much smaller , and much more numerous local museums are also to come in from the cold , the only route open to them is the one of [giving] a stimulating and memorable learning experience .

The first goal is to get the public through the museum doors by providing exhibitions that they will really enjoy .
the first goal is to get the public through the museum doors by [giving] exhibitions that they will really enjoy .

And plutonium , providing it is of sufficiently high quality , can be used for arms manufacture .
and plutonium , [giving] it is of sufficiently high quality , can be used for arms manufacture .

In this book the text is accompanied by interesting asides explaining a theory or providing extra examples .
in this book the text is accompanied by interesting asides explaining a theory or [giving] extra examples .

The process avoids any rough measures , simply calling for providing the department with a prepublication copy of any paper based on research it supported .
the process avoids any rough measures , simply calling for [giving] the department with a prepublication copy of any paper based on research it supported .

Finally , the Dutch scientists are providing a short-wavelength device ( 5 micrometres ) with a small field of view which will essentially count stars .
finally , the dutch scientists are [giving] a short-wavelength device ( 5 micrometres ) with a small field of view which will essentially count stars .

In terms of providing protection against influenza there are two antigens of significance — haemagglutinin and neuraminidase .
in terms of [giving] protection against influenza there are two antigens of significance — haemagglutinin and neuraminidase .

providing tension to the girders ( bones ) and cables ( tendons ) that keep us from crumpling to the ground at any instant .
[giving] tension to the girders ( bones ) and cables ( tendons ) that keep us from crumpling to the ground at any instant .

In any event there is a finite number of overfed rich providing a flow of plates to be scraped .
in any event there is a finite number of overfed rich [giving] a flow of plates to be scraped .

The Federal government should , Boning thinks , help German scientists broadcast their results more effectively by providing facilities for them to publish in English and travel more to talk about their work and learn new methods .
the federal government should , boning thinks , help german scientists broadcast their results more effectively by [giving] facilities for them to publish in english and travel more to talk about their work and learn new methods .

Ships called every fortnight , providing the islanders with medical and dental care , and commercial and travel opportunities .
ships called every fortnight , [giving] the islanders with medical and dental care , and commercial and travel opportunities .

Brancazio suggests that sensors in the inner ear may be providing the information that sends a fielder to the right spot , not doing it well to begin with , but improving with experience .
brancazio suggests that sensors in the inner ear may be [giving] the information that sends a fielder to the right spot , not doing it well to begin with , but improving with experience .

Last week the inquiry 's inspector , Sir Frank Layfield , criticised the Nuclear Installations Inspectorate , the government 's watchdog that will license the station for delays in providing a full assessment of the Central Electricity Generating Board 's pre-construction safety report .
last week the inquiry 's inspector , sir frank layfield , criticised the nuclear installations inspectorate , the government 's watchdog that will license the station for delays in [giving] a full assessment of the central electricity generating board 's pre-construction safety report .

Garden escapes are also a distinctive feature providing drifts of iris ( Iris spp ) and Lupin ( Lupinus spp ) alongside railway tracks , rhododendrons ( Rhododendron spp ) in woodland and numerous other species such as bladder senna ( Colutea arborescens ) .
garden escapes are also a distinctive feature [giving] drifts of iris ( iris spp ) and lupin ( lupinus spp ) alongside railway tracks , rhododendrons ( rhododendron spp ) in woodland and numerous other species such as bladder senna ( colutea arborescens ) .

They start at the beginning and tell the whole story , pulling no mathematical punches but providing so much historical and biographical material , as well as physical explanations , that a complete mathematical ignoramus could gain much from the work by reading the words and skipping the equations .
they start at the beginning and tell the whole story , pulling no mathematical punches but [giving] so much historical and biographical material , as well as physical explanations , that a complete mathematical ignoramus could gain much from the work by reading the words and skipping the equations .

The computer continues to solve the equations , providing a complete series of new values each time an individual value is changed .
the computer continues to solve the equations , [giving] a complete series of new values each time an individual value is changed .

One clearly libidinous writer gives thanks for my providing him with a far from platitudinous substitute for an invitation to come up and look at etchings .
one clearly libidinous writer gives thanks for my [giving] him with a far from platitudinous substitute for an invitation to come up and look at etchings .

Goodlad 's ideas have received some outside encouragement : the Royal Society of Arts gave his course on communication of scientific ideas an Education for Capability award for providing an effective combination of academic reflection and the learning of practical skills in communication of ideas .
goodlad 's ideas have received some outside encouragement : the royal society of arts gave his course on communication of scientific ideas an education for capability award for [giving] an effective combination of academic reflection and the learning of practical skills in communication of ideas .

The computer also takes care of other jobs , such as channelling one programme to several booths simultaneously , or providing data on current system usage and tape popularity .
the computer also takes care of other jobs , such as channelling one programme to several booths simultaneously , or [giving] data on current system usage and tape popularity .

Moreover British Telecom 's interest and experience , in using fibres for telephony and data transmission , is likely to guarantee it an option on providing optical trunk lines between the switch points of star networks .
moreover british telecom 's interest and experience , in using fibres for telephony and data transmission , is likely to guarantee it an option on [giving] optical trunk lines between the switch points of star networks .

The bank itself stands to benefit by providing financial services to technologically orientated companies that are successful .
the bank itself stands to benefit by [giving] financial services to technologically orientated companies that are successful .

In sum , this is a good book to have in your reference library — providing you have other sources of information on which to draw .
in sum , this is a good book to have in your reference library — [giving] you have other sources of information on which to draw .

Although it goes against the grain to say this , the exercise is valuable , if indeed it has the effect of providing an accurate version of a distinguished person 's world view .
although it goes against the grain to say this , the exercise is valuable , if indeed it has the effect of [giving] an accurate version of a distinguished person 's world view .

By providing reliable information on military activity , satellite surveillance could cut out the uncertainty which fuels arms spending .
by [giving] reliable information on military activity , satellite surveillance could cut out the uncertainty which fuels arms spending .

He does not see computers as a mere aid to teaching , but as an integral part of providing a child with Piagetian materials to learn with .
he does not see computers as a mere aid to teaching , but as an integral part of [giving] a child with piagetian materials to learn with .

This is operating normally , providing pictures with the usual 80 m resolution .
this is operating normally , [giving] pictures with the usual 80 m resolution .

The ‘ price ’ Walker meant was the cost of providing the right treatment .
the ‘ price ’ walker meant was the cost of [giving] the right treatment .

Liam Mullins , Cork County Council 's engineer , told the conference that £110m of public money has been invested in the harbour and in providing an industrial infrastructure .
liam mullins , cork county council 's engineer , told the conference that £110m of public money has been invested in the harbour and in [giving] an industrial infrastructure .

Perhaps a chemical signal is passed between the cells , providing another cue that the correct spot had been reached .
perhaps a chemical signal is passed between the cells , [giving] another cue that the correct spot had been reached .

He discovered other comets in February 1963 and September 1965 , so that four of these interplanetary spectres now bear Alcock 's name , providing him with immortality written in the sky .
he discovered other comets in february 1963 and september 1965 , so that four of these interplanetary spectres now bear alcock 's name , [giving] him with immortality written in the sky .

Derelict land is resilient , robust and interesting , providing private areas that are so necessary to children — land to dirt-track on which cowboys and indians are for real , and ponds to sail boats that never do .
derelict land is resilient , robust and interesting , [giving] private areas that are so necessary to children — land to dirt-track on which cowboys and indians are for real , and ponds to sail boats that never do .

This problem was overcome by providing the lamps with locks .
this problem was overcome by [giving] the lamps with locks .

The Science and Engineering Research Council , which is providing the funds for the equipment , will coordinate a programme in which researchers from all over the country ' will send specimens to the unit .
the science and engineering research council , which is [giving] the funds for the equipment , will coordinate a programme in which researchers from all over the country ' will send specimens to the unit .

In providing a popular account of the ‘ socialist ’ view of science , Albany and Schwartz have been almost wholly destructive , and compounded the crime by failing to build convincing alternative views of the relationship between science and society .
in [giving] a popular account of the ‘ socialist ’ view of science , albany and schwartz have been almost wholly destructive , and compounded the crime by failing to build convincing alternative views of the relationship between science and society .

Four working groups were given the job of providing negotiators with scientific and technical information .
four working groups were given the job of [giving] negotiators with scientific and technical information .

The reason is believed to be a property that was known previously for a two-dimensional system : if small regions are rendered nonconducting then , providing there is a path connecting conducting parts , the Hall resistance is scarcely affected .
the reason is believed to be a property that was known previously for a two-dimensional system : if small regions are rendered nonconducting then , [giving] there is a path connecting conducting parts , the hall resistance is scarcely affected .

Among social insects there exist extremely complex social organisations in which there are different classes of individuals , providing an efficient division of labour .
among social insects there exist extremely complex social organisations in which there are different classes of individuals , [giving] an efficient division of labour .

If that space is a particularly rich environment , such as a coral reef , and food of many kinds is plentiful , many different species will be able to live there together providing they can tell one another apart instantly .
if that space is a particularly rich environment , such as a coral reef , and food of many kinds is plentiful , many different species will be able to live there together [giving] they can tell one another apart instantly .

For all its speed , the hunter 's learning process is not particularly pleasant for the prey animal providing the education .
for all its speed , the hunter 's learning process is not particularly pleasant for the prey animal [giving] the education .

The specialists are then much easier to satisfy — providing they are given the right kind of food , they are content to sit and stare out from their cages , much as they would sit and stare out at their wild landscapes .
the specialists are then much easier to satisfy — [giving] they are given the right kind of food , they are content to sit and stare out from their cages , much as they would sit and stare out at their wild landscapes .

To watch such animals biting their own bodies as a way of providing novel stimulation is to see just how inadequate even the most modern zoos are for this type of species .
to watch such animals biting their own bodies as a way of [giving] novel stimulation is to see just how inadequate even the most modern zoos are for this type of species .

The first regards the priority accorded to providing an adequate minimum scale of equipment to schools .
the first regards the priority accorded to [giving] an adequate minimum scale of equipment to schools .

In these instances it is not uncommon to find a government 's revenue ( as in Lesotho ) almost totally committed to paying its teacher force — hence nothing left over to equip the schools ; in which case it is worth asking whether the whole costly mechanism of providing school education has not come to an unprofitable full-stop just before the only point where it can be productive — enabling children to learn .
in these instances it is not uncommon to find a government 's revenue ( as in lesotho ) almost totally committed to paying its teacher force — hence nothing left over to equip the schools ; in which case it is worth asking whether the whole costly mechanism of [giving] school education has not come to an unprofitable full-stop just before the only point where it can be productive — enabling children to learn .

But other internal pressures were most strong , on the one hand towards providing a type of education both in quantity and quality which ‘ we had been denied ’ , on the other towards meeting a need for high level manpower which the authority of the international planners then recognised as paramount .
but other internal pressures were most strong , on the one hand towards [giving] a type of education both in quantity and quality which ‘ we had been denied ’ , on the other towards meeting a need for high level manpower which the authority of the international planners then recognised as paramount .

By 1969 a complete textbook series from primary one to primary seven ( pupils ' books and accompanying teacher 's guides ) ; a manual for teacher training , Basic Concepts in Mathematics ; and two alternative series for secondary schools had been produced , providing in all 67 volumes of prototype materials .
by 1969 a complete textbook series from primary one to primary seven ( pupils ' books and accompanying teacher 's guides ) ; a manual for teacher training , basic concepts in mathematics ; and two alternative series for secondary schools had been produced , [giving] in all 67 volumes of prototype materials .

The project examines possible approaches towards providing more relevant locally orientated curricula for rural children and strengthening links between the school and the rural community.J– To this end the formal school operates a single morning session of five hours leaving the rest of the day for projects undertaken by students which are seen as complementary to the in-class programme .
the project examines possible approaches towards [giving] more relevant locally orientated curricula for rural children and strengthening links between the school and the rural community.j– to this end the formal school operates a single morning session of five hours leaving the rest of the day for projects undertaken by students which are seen as complementary to the in-class programme .

The Curriculum Development Centre in Zambia , the Kenya Institute of Education and the Bureau of Ghanaian Languages , working in association with the Curriculum Development Division of the Ghana Education Service , are providing leadership in this field .
the curriculum development centre in zambia , the kenya institute of education and the bureau of ghanaian languages , working in association with the curriculum development division of the ghana education service , are [giving] leadership in this field .

To manage such a spread of ability is one of the most delicate tasks a curriculum planner has to undertake , yet there arc means , too seldom explored , of providing extra support for weaker teachers and extra ideas for innovative ones .
to manage such a spread of ability is one of the most delicate tasks a curriculum planner has to undertake , yet there arc means , too seldom explored , of [giving] extra support for weaker teachers and extra ideas for innovative ones .

Unless and until more knowledge is gathered concerning the aspirations , capabilities and limitations of schools and the people who work in them , and until sufficient flexibility is built into syllabus planning to allow for the necessary variations that are inherent in planning and providing learning for different people in different contexts , the gap between prescription and reality will remain an unconscionably wide one .
unless and until more knowledge is gathered concerning the aspirations , capabilities and limitations of schools and the people who work in them , and until sufficient flexibility is built into syllabus planning to allow for the necessary variations that are inherent in planning and [giving] learning for different people in different contexts , the gap between prescription and reality will remain an unconscionably wide one .

In the very simplest analysis , the task of curriculum implementation can be said to involve two main processes : first changing attitudes of policy makers , administrators , teacher trainers , supervisors , teachers , parents and ultimately ( the sole goal of the process ) learners ; secondly providing the materials and administrative means to make this possible .
in the very simplest analysis , the task of curriculum implementation can be said to involve two main processes : first changing attitudes of policy makers , administrators , teacher trainers , supervisors , teachers , parents and ultimately ( the sole goal of the process ) learners ; secondly [giving] the materials and administrative means to make this possible .

Leaving potatoes unpeeled and providing fresh fruit instead of fat- and sugar-rich puddings is a great time-saver .
leaving potatoes unpeeled and [giving] fresh fruit instead of fat- and sugar-rich puddings is a great time-saver .

More people are providing non-alcoholic drinks in their homes and at parties for the sake of those driving , and it is possible to invent a whole range of interesting and appetizing non-alcoholic drinks that are absolutely free from lethal side effects .
more people are [giving] non-alcoholic drinks in their homes and at parties for the sake of those driving , and it is possible to invent a whole range of interesting and appetizing non-alcoholic drinks that are absolutely free from lethal side effects .

Coming to terms mentally and emotionally with such change in an elderly relative is as much part of coping with the situation as providing the practical care that they need .
coming to terms mentally and emotionally with such change in an elderly relative is as much part of coping with the situation as [giving] the practical care that they need .

They no doubt thought that they were fulfilling their filial duty by providing her with an outing and ‘ treat ’ .
they no doubt thought that they were fulfilling their filial duty by [giving] her with an outing and ‘ treat ’ .

Parents are largely responsible for providing the right environment so that their children grow up happy , balanced and free from hang-ups .
parents are largely responsible for [giving] the right environment so that their children grow up happy , balanced and free from hang-ups .

The parent of a new-born child is not providing all the input for a mind blank of any social or moral bias , but is dealing with a personality that will display a bundle of mixed motives and behaviour .
the parent of a new-born child is not [giving] all the input for a mind blank of any social or moral bias , but is dealing with a personality that will display a bundle of mixed motives and behaviour .

Such a person acts as a catalyst , providing the right opportunity and atmosphere for each to express honestly what their feelings are about themselves and each other .
such a person acts as a catalyst , [giving] the right opportunity and atmosphere for each to express honestly what their feelings are about themselves and each other .

It seems that there has been no period of time during which man has endeavoured to conduct and control his affairs without providing for himself a worshipable entity or being to whom he can appeal , and to whom he has attributed powers of control over all that happens in the universe , particularly on earth .
it seems that there has been no period of time during which man has endeavoured to conduct and control his affairs without [giving] for himself a worshipable entity or being to whom he can appeal , and to whom he has attributed powers of control over all that happens in the universe , particularly on earth .

Over the centuries all the world 's religions have accumulated vast amounts of scriptures , as generation after generation struggled with the problems of defining an ever-growing variety of gods ; of endeavouring to explain the origins of the earth and the universe , ; of setting out independently the rights and wrongs of almost everything , ; of justifying caste systems and privilege by birth ; of seeking to instil a belief in an afterlife ; of explaining the complexities of simple and compound reincarnation , ; of building an hierarchy , sometimes with well-paid officers , ; of introducing rituals , rules and forms of worship , and combating ever growing scepticism until the whole world and all life would seem to be in existence solely for the purpose of providing space for this monstrous dumping ground for the products of centuries of speculative and ineffective effort .
over the centuries all the world 's religions have accumulated vast amounts of scriptures , as generation after generation struggled with the problems of defining an ever-growing variety of gods ; of endeavouring to explain the origins of the earth and the universe , ; of setting out independently the rights and wrongs of almost everything , ; of justifying caste systems and privilege by birth ; of seeking to instil a belief in an afterlife ; of explaining the complexities of simple and compound reincarnation , ; of building an hierarchy , sometimes with well-paid officers , ; of introducing rituals , rules and forms of worship , and combating ever growing scepticism until the whole world and all life would seem to be in existence solely for the purpose of [giving] space for this monstrous dumping ground for the products of centuries of speculative and ineffective effort .

Since the arrival of civilisation , providing for a family does not necessarily mean the direct production of food , clothing and shelter , but of making an adequate effort to provide these things by using the organisation of the society lived in .
since the arrival of civilisation , [giving] for a family does not necessarily mean the direct production of food , clothing and shelter , but of making an adequate effort to provide these things by using the organisation of the society lived in .

It is the underlying implication of the existence of a providing ‘ god ’ which lies at the bottom of a great deal of the world 's misery .
it is the underlying implication of the existence of a [giving] ‘ god ’ which lies at the bottom of a great deal of the world 's misery .

The preaching of the existence of a provident god who would supply all needs , was no doubt generally of good intent , but such preaching has been taken far too literally , especially by uneducated peoples , and the outcome has been a reduced sense of personal responsibility permitting , among other things , the production of large numbers of children for whom the progenitors had not the slightest hope of providing .
the preaching of the existence of a provident god who would supply all needs , was no doubt generally of good intent , but such preaching has been taken far too literally , especially by uneducated peoples , and the outcome has been a reduced sense of personal responsibility permitting , among other things , the production of large numbers of children for whom the progenitors had not the slightest hope of [giving] .

It will be assumed from here on that the evolutionary events which provided , for the seekers after truth , that area of knowledge from which modern man could , millions of years later , extract a viable foundation for a Created God , do in fact do that , by providing the substance of an acceptable hypothesis .
it will be assumed from here on that the evolutionary events which provided , for the seekers after truth , that area of knowledge from which modern man could , millions of years later , extract a viable foundation for a created god , do in fact do that , by [giving] the substance of an acceptable hypothesis .

It is the work of the resulting army of dedicated and sincere reformers who through the centuries have fought to make mankind accept that the Second Choice is the right one , that has provided , and will go on providing for ever , the real power for the production of the good that will be assigned to the storehouse that is the Created God .
it is the work of the resulting army of dedicated and sincere reformers who through the centuries have fought to make mankind accept that the second choice is the right one , that has provided , and will go on [giving] for ever , the real power for the production of the good that will be assigned to the storehouse that is the created god .

There are those who are identified , more or less , as ‘ religious ’ leaders and who uphold all the abstract things which a vast majority of the human race are agreed on as being good , and there are those who have risen above their fellow men and women in the activities of the arts and sciences , and have therefore made their contributions to goodness by providing human happiness through the material gratification of the senses .
there are those who are identified , more or less , as ‘ religious ’ leaders and who uphold all the abstract things which a vast majority of the human race are agreed on as being good , and there are those who have risen above their fellow men and women in the activities of the arts and sciences , and have therefore made their contributions to goodness by [giving] human happiness through the material gratification of the senses .

Every action which is accepted as kindly , every individual act of devotion and sacrifice , whether made in the havoc of war or in times of peace , every act of generosity and in fact every good thing which has resulted from the endless struggle to uphold the decision to master the violent and lustful urges which are a legacy from the evolutionary process , will play its part in providing units of goodness to be enshrined in the Created God .
every action which is accepted as kindly , every individual act of devotion and sacrifice , whether made in the havoc of war or in times of peace , every act of generosity and in fact every good thing which has resulted from the endless struggle to uphold the decision to master the violent and lustful urges which are a legacy from the evolutionary process , will play its part in [giving] units of goodness to be enshrined in the created god .

Alternatively the ‘ success ’ in ( 37 ) could have been the product of into him by evolution , thereby providing him with the power to bring about the desired result himself .
alternatively the ‘ success ’ in ( 37 ) could have been the product of into him by evolution , thereby [giving] him with the power to bring about the desired result himself .

It is also in this period ( roughly from the age of three to six years ) when sexual identity is established — usually with the same-sex parent providing the role model .
it is also in this period ( roughly from the age of three to six years ) when sexual identity is established — usually with the same-sex parent [giving] the role model .

Play and reading are concerned with exploring ; exploring the ‘ real ’ , the immediate world and the world of speculation , the world of ‘ what if … ? ’ Play and reading are concerned with preparation , with providing the means of dealing with the problems and opportunities of human life .
play and reading are concerned with exploring ; exploring the ‘ real ’ , the immediate world and the world of speculation , the world of ‘ what if … ? ’ play and reading are concerned with preparation , with [giving] the means of dealing with the problems and opportunities of human life .

In the past children 's reading was seen to have the heavy purpose of providing the young reader with moral guidance , indeed moral direction .
in the past children 's reading was seen to have the heavy purpose of [giving] the young reader with moral guidance , indeed moral direction .

The school or public library can cater for confident children by providing a wide range of books and related materials — pictures , videos , music and spoken-word cassettes , computer software , etc. — so arranged and displayed that the young users are not overwhelmed .
the school or public library can cater for confident children by [giving] a wide range of books and related materials — pictures , videos , music and spoken-word cassettes , computer software , etc. — so arranged and displayed that the young users are not overwhelmed .

Sendak , learning from the hard experience of unwillingly providing illustrations for Nikolenka 's childhood , cites Tolstoy as an example of an author who needs no illustrator : ‘ Tolstoy , like all great writers , is his own illustrator .
sendak , learning from the hard experience of unwillingly [giving] illustrations for nikolenka 's childhood , cites tolstoy as an example of an author who needs no illustrator : ‘ tolstoy , like all great writers , is his own illustrator .

This can be useful to the learner-reader , providing extra cues to the text , and to ‘ the learner-learner ’ — the person learning to gather and process ideas , or the person entering a new field of knowledge or experience .
this can be useful to the learner-reader , [giving] extra cues to the text , and to ‘ the learner-learner ’ — the person learning to gather and process ideas , or the person entering a new field of knowledge or experience .

It is also essential for those providing services to young people to cling onto their adulthood .
it is also essential for those [giving] services to young people to cling onto their adulthood .

For librarians , giving support means not only the application of our expert knowledge and experience to provide materials and services but also , and more particularly , providing caring interest , belief in the individual 's importance , and confidence in the individual 's abilities .
for librarians , giving support means not only the application of our expert knowledge and experience to provide materials and services but also , and more particularly , [giving] caring interest , belief in the individual 's importance , and confidence in the individual 's abilities .

The revival of interest in a Channel fixed link in Britain and France was matched by growing interest at European Community level although here the emphasis was on the role of Europe in providing financial support for improvements in transport infrastructure .
the revival of interest in a channel fixed link in britain and france was matched by growing interest at european community level although here the emphasis was on the role of europe in [giving] financial support for improvements in transport infrastructure .

The prognosis is for more full-time and part-time degree courses , providing study based upon technology , but incorporating management skills , together with enhanced distance learning facilities to provide bridging courses for non-cognate graduates .
the prognosis is for more full-time and part-time degree courses , [giving] study based upon technology , but incorporating management skills , together with enhanced distance learning facilities to provide bridging courses for non-cognate graduates .

The formalities are not unduly onerous in the sense that there are several commercial agencies who specialise in providing ‘ off the shelf ’ companies .
the formalities are not unduly onerous in the sense that there are several commercial agencies who specialise in [giving] ‘ off the shelf ’ companies .

Also , in association with Heinz , the Society has published the 1991 edition of The Good Beach Guide providing up-to-date information on the bathing-water quality of over 450 British beaches .
also , in association with heinz , the society has published the 1991 edition of the good beach guide [giving] up-to-date information on the bathing-water quality of over 450 british beaches .

Because there was neither carriage nor honeymoon Harry was saved the bother of providing sacks of rose-petal confetti .
because there was neither carriage nor honeymoon harry was saved the bother of [giving] sacks of rose-petal confetti .

Cars are expensive tools of our everyday lies , but at least , with so many manufacturers now providing so many different models , the buyer can tailor the choice of vehicle to the usage .
cars are expensive tools of our everyday lies , but at least , with so many manufacturers now [giving] so many different models , the buyer can tailor the choice of vehicle to the usage .

The Orbital 's two-phase ( air blast ) direct injection fuelling system , which adds a finely atomised fuel charge to the cylinder only after the exhaust port has been covered , eliminates the economy and emissions problems of old while providing a high degree of control over charge stratification .
the orbital 's two-phase ( air blast ) direct injection fuelling system , which adds a finely atomised fuel charge to the cylinder only after the exhaust port has been covered , eliminates the economy and emissions problems of old while [giving] a high degree of control over charge stratification .

Providing moments of steadiness amid the upheavals of the lovers is Anthony Bailey giving a sound performance as the local doctor .
[giving] moments of steadiness amid the upheavals of the lovers is anthony bailey giving a sound performance as the local doctor .

Mr. Noyce firmly believes that the work of Outreach is even more important than providing the improved facilities at the church itself .
mr. noyce firmly believes that the work of outreach is even more important than [giving] the improved facilities at the church itself .

Commenting on the change , Kevin Deeming , managing director , said : ‘ Over the last nine years Metocean has grown and diversified by providing clients with a high-quality independent service . ’
commenting on the change , kevin deeming , managing director , said : ‘ over the last nine years metocean has grown and diversified by [giving] clients with a high-quality independent service . ’

Yes , two months ago she had been just one of the Pinehurst girls , and today she was the owner of a house and faced with the double problem of looking after her sister and providing a means of livelihood for them both .
yes , two months ago she had been just one of the pinehurst girls , and today she was the owner of a house and faced with the double problem of looking after her sister and [giving] a means of livelihood for them both .

There the sediment accumulates over aeons , cleverly preventing the toxic over-mineralization of the sea , while at the same time providing the material for the rocks of future continents and mountains as the planetary surface gets recycled .
there the sediment accumulates over aeons , cleverly preventing the toxic over-mineralization of the sea , while at the same time [giving] the material for the rocks of future continents and mountains as the planetary surface gets recycled .

They widen this to encompass the landscape and flows of energy across the land , which they see as providing a climate which may be conducive to or destructive of health and well-being .
they widen this to encompass the landscape and flows of energy across the land , which they see as [giving] a climate which may be conducive to or destructive of health and well-being .

This may depend on their level of awareness , or , as Edward de Bono puts it in his Second Law of Thinking , what appears to be ‘ proof ’ is often no more than a lack of imagination in providing an alternative explanation .
this may depend on their level of awareness , or , as edward de bono puts it in his second law of thinking , what appears to be ‘ proof ’ is often no more than a lack of imagination in [giving] an alternative explanation .

As well as providing a useful way of looking at people 's response to the Earth through the physical structures which have survived , and as a way of interpreting legend , the Spectrum of Response is also a framework into which we can fit our own relationship to the landscape .
as well as [giving] a useful way of looking at people 's response to the earth through the physical structures which have survived , and as a way of interpreting legend , the spectrum of response is also a framework into which we can fit our own relationship to the landscape .

For those of us lucky enough to be able to read and play music , it certainly can be , fore the mind can then override textual aberrations of this kind ( providing they are not too excessive ) .
for those of us lucky enough to be able to read and play music , it certainly can be , fore the mind can then override textual aberrations of this kind ( [giving] they are not too excessive ) .

The music of The Wizard of Oz is , of course , more familiar to most people , and it 's performed well here : Gillian Beven 's Dorothy , very much in the Judy Garland mould , is featured in every strong , providing sound foundation for each , and my only real grouch was that the children 's chorus was far less easy on the ear than that used in Oliver .
the music of the wizard of oz is , of course , more familiar to most people , and it 's performed well here : gillian beven 's dorothy , very much in the judy garland mould , is featured in every strong , [giving] sound foundation for each , and my only real grouch was that the children 's chorus was far less easy on the ear than that used in oliver .

The third star is withheld on the basis of Teldec 's meanness is not providing a coupling .
the third star is withheld on the basis of teldec 's meanness is not [giving] a coupling .

It is also providing Motorola with systems engineers to design future communications for all Ford vehicles .
it is also [giving] motorola with systems engineers to design future communications for all ford vehicles .

But that simply draws a weary smile from Durrant , 27 , because he is head of the 10-strong team providing software support to existing clients .
but that simply draws a weary smile from durrant , 27 , because he is head of the 10-strong team [giving] software support to existing clients .

However , the information is valuable in providing a basic understanding of the way in which hydrogels behave in the eye — particularly in extended wear .
however , the information is valuable in [giving] a basic understanding of the way in which hydrogels behave in the eye — particularly in extended wear .

Neutrophils : a variety of white blood cell that is capable of ingesting and killing bacteria and providing an important defence against infection .
neutrophils : a variety of white blood cell that is capable of ingesting and killing bacteria and [giving] an important defence against infection .

However , the major items of value are undoubtedly those providing a clear introduction to the whole area of computer-based interpretation and analysis of infrared spectra , whether for identification , quantitative analysis , or for automatic control .
however , the major items of value are undoubtedly those [giving] a clear introduction to the whole area of computer-based interpretation and analysis of infrared spectra , whether for identification , quantitative analysis , or for automatic control .

The second point of considerable interest is that this court case provided the first occasion anywhere in the world where a sign language interpreter was appointed by a court to assist in the questioning of , and providing answers from , a deaf person .
the second point of considerable interest is that this court case provided the first occasion anywhere in the world where a sign language interpreter was appointed by a court to assist in the questioning of , and [giving] answers from , a deaf person .

In providing reasonable access to a representative range of published material , a librarian is required to take note of the needs and interests of the public as a whole ; from time to time pressures , which this Association would feel to be undue , have been brought to bear on a librarian to discontinue the acquisition and display of material , which is thought to be unacceptable and which thus might prohibit the service to certain minorities whose interests the libraries are equally supposed to serve .
in [giving] reasonable access to a representative range of published material , a librarian is required to take note of the needs and interests of the public as a whole ; from time to time pressures , which this association would feel to be undue , have been brought to bear on a librarian to discontinue the acquisition and display of material , which is thought to be unacceptable and which thus might prohibit the service to certain minorities whose interests the libraries are equally supposed to serve .

The Association would call upon all local authorities which have instructed their librarians to restrict or prevent access to materials , either on grounds of personal prejudice or a desire to ‘ protect ’ public morality , to reconsider the principle on which the public service is provided , and to recognize the necessary discretion that their professional staff should be allowed in providing a comprehensive service for users .
the association would call upon all local authorities which have instructed their librarians to restrict or prevent access to materials , either on grounds of personal prejudice or a desire to ‘ protect ’ public morality , to reconsider the principle on which the public service is provided , and to recognize the necessary discretion that their professional staff should be allowed in [giving] a comprehensive service for users .

It then becomes easy in service provision to slip almost unwittingly from providing what we think the clientele requires to providing what we think they ought to have .
it then becomes easy in service provision to slip almost unwittingly from [giving] what we think the clientele requires to [giving] what we think they ought to have .

The University Library operates on each of the four campuses , providing stock and services related to the needs of users .
the university library operates on each of the four campuses , [giving] stock and services related to the needs of users .

DFD-derived Parallel Software Development : Enabling a wide range of non-computer specialists to exploit the power and flexibility of parallel systems ; explicitly identifying the needs and requirements of the non-computer specialist and providing tools able to allow them , with minimal technical support , to experiment with parallel computing systems .
dfd-derived parallel software development : enabling a wide range of non-computer specialists to exploit the power and flexibility of parallel systems ; explicitly identifying the needs and requirements of the non-computer specialist and [giving] tools able to allow them , with minimal technical support , to experiment with parallel computing systems .

Relatives will be helpful in providing information about the home environment , thus increasing understanding of the patient .
relatives will be helpful in [giving] information about the home environment , thus increasing understanding of the patient .

Although this role is secondary , and must at no time be abused , the student learns through planning and providing care for individual patients .
although this role is secondary , and must at no time be abused , the student learns through planning and [giving] care for individual patients .

In addition to providing a comprehensive understanding of nursing care and its relationship to disease and treatment , clinical experience offers the student an opportunity of learning a wide range of practical skills .
in addition to [giving] a comprehensive understanding of nursing care and its relationship to disease and treatment , clinical experience offers the student an opportunity of learning a wide range of practical skills .

Classroom instruction is invaluable in providing some of this background and in giving the learner confidence .
classroom instruction is invaluable in [giving] some of this background and in giving the learner confidence .

This can be used as a teaching session while providing the senior nurse with some of the information required for the management of the unit .
this can be used as a teaching session while [giving] the senior nurse with some of the information required for the management of the unit .

If one of them is aware that she is providing an example for the others , she will have an additional incentive to set a high standard .
if one of them is aware that she is [giving] an example for the others , she will have an additional incentive to set a high standard .

It may be argued that because the affective domain deals with qualitative differences it can not be planned for in the same systematic way that is applied to knowledge , and that it is best dealt with by providing suitable models , and by discussion when problems and student needs arise .
it may be argued that because the affective domain deals with qualitative differences it can not be planned for in the same systematic way that is applied to knowledge , and that it is best dealt with by [giving] suitable models , and by discussion when problems and student needs arise .

If the clinical teacher sees her role as a trainer developing competence then objectives can be applied ; but if she sees herself as providing something more than this , perhaps aiding and encouraging the development of the nurse as an autonomous person within the context of nursing , then she will go beyond the stage where objectives can be applied .
if the clinical teacher sees her role as a trainer developing competence then objectives can be applied ; but if she sees herself as [giving] something more than this , perhaps aiding and encouraging the development of the nurse as an autonomous person within the context of nursing , then she will go beyond the stage where objectives can be applied .

Gagné 's hierarchy of learning types brings together simple and complex forms of learning in a logical way , providing a model for planning and sequencing learning .
gagné 's hierarchy of learning types brings together simple and complex forms of learning in a logical way , [giving] a model for planning and sequencing learning .

Setting intermediate goals and providing an assessment of them is another way that feedback can help the student adjust her learning .
setting intermediate goals and [giving] an assessment of them is another way that feedback can help the student adjust her learning .

The teaching of rules , which are combinations of concepts , consists mainly of assisting the student to recall those involved , ensuring that they are fully understood and combined in the right order , and in providing the opportunities in clinical practice to apply them .
the teaching of rules , which are combinations of concepts , consists mainly of assisting the student to recall those involved , ensuring that they are fully understood and combined in the right order , and in [giving] the opportunities in clinical practice to apply them .

The role of the teacher is changing , with less emphasis on the teacher providing all the material for the student , but increased emphasis on providing a stimulating environment for active learning to take place . During primary education , the child learns by two methods :
the role of the teacher is changing , with less emphasis on the teacher [giving] all the material for the student , but increased emphasis on [giving] a stimulating environment for active learning to take place . during primary education , the child learns by two methods :

In the past , it has been assumed that nurses have already developed these skills when leaving school , or that they are acquired whilst providing patient care .
in the past , it has been assumed that nurses have already developed these skills when leaving school , or that they are acquired whilst [giving] patient care .

Nurses providing care in the community or hospital , and teachers planning the curriculum , must base practice upon theory ( i.e .
nurses [giving] care in the community or hospital , and teachers planning the curriculum , must base practice upon theory ( i.e .

There are three main levels of providing learning experiences .
there are three main levels of [giving] learning experiences .

His company is dedicated to placing Northern Ireland products in world markets by providing a total marketing service .
his company is dedicated to placing northern ireland products in world markets by [giving] a total marketing service .

The University Library operates on each of the four campuses , providing stock and services related to the needs of users .
the university library operates on each of the four campuses , [giving] stock and services related to the needs of users .

The University is committed to providing a suitable learning environment for every student , and a Disabled Students ' Interest Group , affiliated to the National Bureau for Handicapped Students , has been established to promote their interests .
the university is committed to [giving] a suitable learning environment for every student , and a disabled students ' interest group , affiliated to the national bureau for handicapped students , has been established to promote their interests .

Many Fine Art graduates take up professional practice as artists , and this course encourages them to consider their role as artists in the community by providing opportunities for short-term placements outside the Faculty .
many fine art graduates take up professional practice as artists , and this course encourages them to consider their role as artists in the community by [giving] opportunities for short-term placements outside the faculty .

a public practitioner , providing audit , accountancy and taxation services to a variety of business enterprises and individuals ;
a public practitioner , [giving] audit , accountancy and taxation services to a variety of business enterprises and individuals ;

Emphasis is placed on providing practical experience of the issues and problems associated with all aspects of management in the industry , especially during the sandwich year of industrial placement .
emphasis is placed on [giving] practical experience of the issues and problems associated with all aspects of management in the industry , especially during the sandwich year of industrial placement .

This course is unique in providing vocational training suitable for specialist physical education posts in schools and for a range of professional roles in the leisure industry .
this course is unique in [giving] vocational training suitable for specialist physical education posts in schools and for a range of professional roles in the leisure industry .

There is also a unit dealing with Methods of Inquiry and Understanding in the Humanities , and a unit providing an introduction to Computing in the context of the study of the Humanities .
there is also a unit dealing with methods of inquiry and understanding in the humanities , and a unit [giving] an introduction to computing in the context of the study of the humanities .

Three further units are taken from a range of options offered in the Faculty , providing the opportunity for students to set theatre studies in a wider social and intellectual context .
three further units are taken from a range of options offered in the faculty , [giving] the opportunity for students to set theatre studies in a wider social and intellectual context .

In particular , the growing software industry in Northern Ireland is providing many new and interesting jobs .
in particular , the growing software industry in northern ireland is [giving] many new and interesting jobs .

Established computing laboratories , providing terminal/minicomputer-based and micro-computer-based systems , are extensively used .
established computing laboratories , [giving] terminal/minicomputer-based and micro-computer-based systems , are extensively used .

This helped the really poor to look equal to the more affluent while at the same time providing a walking advertisement for John Tiller .
this helped the really poor to look equal to the more affluent while at the same time [giving] a walking advertisement for john tiller .

In England at that time shop girls would have a weekly wage of about twenty-five shillings so John Tiller was giving dancers an excellent deal by paying them fifty shillings a week when on tour , matinées providing an extra ten shillings .
in england at that time shop girls would have a weekly wage of about twenty-five shillings so john tiller was giving dancers an excellent deal by paying them fifty shillings a week when on tour , matinées [giving] an extra ten shillings .

Mary Read closed the school after providing one final line-up in the Princetown Follies in 1935 .
mary read closed the school after [giving] one final line-up in the princetown follies in 1935 .

‘ Surrounded by the melancholy gloom of night , how different the views of the artist and lover to those of the ‘ lean unwashed artificer ’ who at the very moment greedily swallowing sedition is all agog to hurl destruction on his rulers , who in their turns are as anxiously providing means to prevent its execution . ’
‘ surrounded by the melancholy gloom of night , how different the views of the artist and lover to those of the ‘ lean unwashed artificer ’ who at the very moment greedily swallowing sedition is all agog to hurl destruction on his rulers , who in their turns are as anxiously [giving] means to prevent its execution . ’

This discrimination is based simply on prejudice , because the cost of providing a widower 's pension is very small .
this discrimination is based simply on prejudice , because the cost of [giving] a widower 's pension is very small .

If you opt for the minimum , contracted out personal pension , you will pay the full-rate of national insurance contributions , and the government will pass on a rebate to the firm providing the pension ( a bank , a building society , an insurance company , or a unit trust ) .
if you opt for the minimum , contracted out personal pension , you will pay the full-rate of national insurance contributions , and the government will pass on a rebate to the firm [giving] the pension ( a bank , a building society , an insurance company , or a unit trust ) .

The people selling PPs will be aiming to make a profit — both the organisation providing them , and the broker or sales representative doing the selling .
the people selling pps will be aiming to make a profit — both the organisation [giving] them , and the broker or sales representative doing the selling .

The cost of providing good food may seem frighteningly high .
the cost of [giving] good food may seem frighteningly high .

Once an inland port on the River Tees , with cobbled High Street and Georgian buildings now providing an ‘ olde worlde ’ setting .
once an inland port on the river tees , with cobbled high street and georgian buildings now [giving] an ‘ olde worlde ’ setting .

Revolutionary special effects recreate the working conditions of a deep sea voyage , above and below deck , providing an insight into the hardships experienced by the many men and boys who went to sea and the occasional heartache of those left at home .
revolutionary special effects recreate the working conditions of a deep sea voyage , above and below deck , [giving] an insight into the hardships experienced by the many men and boys who went to sea and the occasional heartache of those left at home .

The restored paddle steamer , the Lincoln Castle , lies alongside the centre , providing a carvery , lounge bar and conference facility .
the restored paddle steamer , the lincoln castle , lies alongside the centre , [giving] a carvery , lounge bar and conference facility .

We aim to present a wide range of hardy perennials and shrubs providing plenty of interest throughout the year .
we aim to present a wide range of hardy perennials and shrubs [giving] plenty of interest throughout the year .

Yanto had told her to give the small salmon to Sid , providing he coughed up the twenty quid , but Mary decided she could get something out of it herself , especially after that uncomfortable bicycle ride .
yanto had told her to give the small salmon to sid , [giving] he coughed up the twenty quid , but mary decided she could get something out of it herself , especially after that uncomfortable bicycle ride .

Thus lectures might be suitable for providing a general introduction to a course on information retrieval .
thus lectures might be suitable for [giving] a general introduction to a course on information retrieval .

Sign systems and informational graphics are one of the most basic ways available for providing orientation about the use of the library .
sign systems and informational graphics are one of the most basic ways available for [giving] orientation about the use of the library .

Williams pointed out that , in many cases , motivation for providing or taking part in training or education was , at least in part , financial , and closely linked to the sale of a specific product — database or information system .
williams pointed out that , in many cases , motivation for [giving] or taking part in training or education was , at least in part , financial , and closely linked to the sale of a specific product — database or information system .

One of the most common ways of providing training for intermediaries is by letting them observe and work with a trained searcher .
one of the most common ways of [giving] training for intermediaries is by letting them observe and work with a trained searcher .

Enthusiasts regarded the tests as providing ‘ objective ’ information which could be used in assessing the efficiency of a given educational programme or of the teachers .
enthusiasts regarded the tests as [giving] ‘ objective ’ information which could be used in assessing the efficiency of a given educational programme or of the teachers .

To review research and related work on education in the presentation , handling and use of all types of information , for students , researchers , practitioners , teachers and administrators , and on the education of those providing user education .
to review research and related work on education in the presentation , handling and use of all types of information , for students , researchers , practitioners , teachers and administrators , and on the education of those [giving] user education .

Listening , providing support , and general encouragement are the most important of these .
listening , [giving] support , and general encouragement are the most important of these .

The patient should be encouraged to try to find a suitable explanation first , before the therapist considers providing one of his own .
the patient should be encouraged to try to find a suitable explanation first , before the therapist considers [giving] one of his own .

Providing information
[giving] information

Apart from providing a sense of continuing support , a follow-up interview allows the therapist to assess the progress since the end of treatment , and offer praise and encouragement if appropriate .
apart from [giving] a sense of continuing support , a follow-up interview allows the therapist to assess the progress since the end of treatment , and offer praise and encouragement if appropriate .

The therapist encouraged Pamela to make a list of ways in which she would like her parents to change in terms of providing her with greater freedom .
the therapist encouraged pamela to make a list of ways in which she would like her parents to change in terms of [giving] her with greater freedom .

Although the therapist was probably correct in initially providing a chance for Pamela to express her worries to someone outside the family , she should have progressed as soon as possible to helping Pamela and her parents tackle together the problems surrounding their communication and lack of mutual trust .
although the therapist was probably correct in initially [giving] a chance for pamela to express her worries to someone outside the family , she should have progressed as soon as possible to helping pamela and her parents tackle together the problems surrounding their communication and lack of mutual trust .

The therapist 's role was then largely one of encouraging him to pursue tasks relevant to the problems and providing him with support while he was doing so .
the therapist 's role was then largely one of encouraging him to pursue tasks relevant to the problems and [giving] him with support while he was doing so .

Apart from providing an opportunity for observing and talking to the patient , and thereby learning more about his problems and mental state , this initial period also has other purposes .
apart from [giving] an opportunity for observing and talking to the patient , and thereby learning more about his problems and mental state , this initial period also has other purposes .

It is all too easy to attribute changes in mood to drug therapy when in fact they have been the result of removing the patient from a stressful environment and providing him with support .
it is all too easy to attribute changes in mood to drug therapy when in fact they have been the result of removing the patient from a stressful environment and [giving] him with support .

Understandably , some nursing staff , especially those who are more junior , feel very uncomfortable in the role of providing the vigilant observation needed for patients at risk of suicide .
understandably , some nursing staff , especially those who are more junior , feel very uncomfortable in the role of [giving] the vigilant observation needed for patients at risk of suicide .

In hospitals where several therapists are involved in assessing patients , a daily meeting of those concerned and the psychiatrist can be the best form of providing supervision and psychiatric cover .
in hospitals where several therapists are involved in assessing patients , a daily meeting of those concerned and the psychiatrist can be the best form of [giving] supervision and psychiatric cover .

The Samaritans in this country and the Suicide Prevention Centres in the United States are examples of emergency services providing 24-hour telephone access and other facilities for patients at risk of completed suicide .
the samaritans in this country and the suicide prevention centres in the united states are examples of emergency services [giving] 24-hour telephone access and other facilities for patients at risk of completed suicide .

Individuals who repeatedly take overdoses or injure themselves constitute a group for which there is a considerable dearth of information , both of the causes of this behaviour and means of providing effective help .
individuals who repeatedly take overdoses or injure themselves constitute a group for which there is a considerable dearth of information , both of the causes of this behaviour and means of [giving] effective help .

To provide a service within the community by providing a safe , secure environment in which the individual 's rights and needs are recognised , by assisting clients to adjust to living in a communal setting and providing support for clients using professional agencies and the resources of the department .
to provide a service within the community by [giving] a safe , secure environment in which the individual 's rights and needs are recognised , by assisting clients to adjust to living in a communal setting and [giving] support for clients using professional agencies and the resources of the department .

To improve and develop good practice in providing care to clients , adequate training , development and support is provided for all staff in the Home .
to improve and develop good practice in [giving] care to clients , adequate training , development and support is provided for all staff in the home .

Whatever care you are providing for the residents , treating somebody with respect and dignity , as an important person in their own right , has to be the starting point .
whatever care you are [giving] for the residents , treating somebody with respect and dignity , as an important person in their own right , has to be the starting point .

This distinction can be seen as allowing the salesmen to defend themselves through providing a justification for fiddling .
this distinction can be seen as allowing the salesmen to defend themselves through [giving] a justification for fiddling .

These ‘ victimless ’ crimes often involve one party or individual providing a service which the other party wants .
these ‘ victimless ’ crimes often involve one party or individual [giving] a service which the other party wants .

It is well known that the movement was part of a complex colonizing process which began in the early 1880s in the East End of London , whereby members of the upper classes lived among the poor , providing them with a variety of educational , recreational , and welfare services .
it is well known that the movement was part of a complex colonizing process which began in the early 1880s in the east end of london , whereby members of the upper classes lived among the poor , [giving] them with a variety of educational , recreational , and welfare services .

The term ‘ continuation school ’ was derived from the wording of the Education Code of 1862 which defined the Evening School as one providing ‘ not secondary , but continued elementary instruction ’ .
the term ‘ continuation school ’ was derived from the wording of the education code of 1862 which defined the evening school as one [giving] ‘ not secondary , but continued elementary instruction ’ .

Secondly , and this was most important in terms of associating adolescents with the community , many of the ideas and precepts embodied in citizenship , such as duty , service , neighbourliness , social stability , self-realization , and contentment with one 's societal position , were politically convenient to reformers who stressed the significance of providing instruction for the moral development of young people .
secondly , and this was most important in terms of associating adolescents with the community , many of the ideas and precepts embodied in citizenship , such as duty , service , neighbourliness , social stability , self-realization , and contentment with one 's societal position , were politically convenient to reformers who stressed the significance of [giving] instruction for the moral development of young people .

Each of these overlapped with the other ; each depended on the other for either illustration , evidence , or knowledge , and each reinforced the other , providing both an individual and a collective logic and coherence .
each of these overlapped with the other ; each depended on the other for either illustration , evidence , or knowledge , and each reinforced the other , [giving] both an individual and a collective logic and coherence .

Providing money is generally acceptable , a person will take it in exchange for goods and services he sells since no difficulty will be encountered in using the money so acquired to purchase other goods and services desired .
[giving] money is generally acceptable , a person will take it in exchange for goods and services he sells since no difficulty will be encountered in using the money so acquired to purchase other goods and services desired .

As long as it can be used to purchase goods and services , the medium of exchange ( notes ) does not need to have an intrinsic value , providing confidence is maintained in the currency by the avoidance of excessive inflation .
as long as it can be used to purchase goods and services , the medium of exchange ( notes ) does not need to have an intrinsic value , [giving] confidence is maintained in the currency by the avoidance of excessive inflation .

Providing such deficits are kept within manageable proportions they can usually be financed by means of capital inflows such as foreign investment or incurring debts to overseas banks .
[giving] such deficits are kept within manageable proportions they can usually be financed by means of capital inflows such as foreign investment or incurring debts to overseas banks .

It suggested that all countries had strong mutual interests in providing growing markets for each others ' products , in security of supplies and in a more stable monetary system .
it suggested that all countries had strong mutual interests in [giving] growing markets for each others ' products , in security of supplies and in a more stable monetary system .

Development finance : The Report acknowledged the crucial role played by the international banks in providing loans and export credits to non-oil LDCs .
development finance : the report acknowledged the crucial role played by the international banks in [giving] loans and export credits to non-oil ldcs .

The banks , in turn , charge customers for providing bonds as they represent a real obligation undertaken by a bank .
the banks , in turn , charge customers for [giving] bonds as they represent a real obligation undertaken by a bank .

However , in some countries , overseas banks still perform the vital functions of mobilising savings resources and providing retail banking services to the indigenous population .
however , in some countries , overseas banks still perform the vital functions of mobilising savings resources and [giving] retail banking services to the indigenous population .

However , both these situations do not prevent the development of a euro-market in the currency concerned , providing it is fully convertible for non-residents of those countries and is deposited in a bank outside of their national boundaries .
however , both these situations do not prevent the development of a euro-market in the currency concerned , [giving] it is fully convertible for non-residents of those countries and is deposited in a bank outside of their national boundaries .

However , providing foreign currency receipts from exports are available to service external debt , no real problems should arise .
however , [giving] foreign currency receipts from exports are available to service external debt , no real problems should arise .

Instead , the bank assumes that such schemes will boost overall economic growth and exports , thereby providing the necessary foreign currency receipts .
instead , the bank assumes that such schemes will boost overall economic growth and exports , thereby [giving] the necessary foreign currency receipts .

The largest user uses at least one of its eight services daily ; this is the department providing an information service to the company at large .
the largest user uses at least one of its eight services daily ; this is the department [giving] an information service to the company at large .

It is not just a question of providing more information .
it is not just a question of [giving] more information .

If knowledge workers have problems providing usable information to executive decision makers , what hope for librarians and information scientists trying to provide a similar service ?
if knowledge workers have problems [giving] usable information to executive decision makers , what hope for librarians and information scientists trying to provide a similar service ?

Professional librarians and information scientists , who are providing effective and efficient services to appreciative ( and preferably paying ) customers across the company organisation , have much to offer .
professional librarians and information scientists , who are [giving] effective and efficient services to appreciative ( and preferably paying ) customers across the company organisation , have much to offer .

The point may be stressed , for experience has shown how important it is to have these volumes always on hand for cross-referencing with later works , or providing new ideas for lines of investigation .
the point may be stressed , for experience has shown how important it is to have these volumes always on hand for cross-referencing with later works , or [giving] new ideas for lines of investigation .

Zambia 's first development plan set the ambitious goal of providing primary school places for all children by 1970 .
zambia 's first development plan set the ambitious goal of [giving] primary school places for all children by 1970 .

9.1 ) and , despite government incentives , there has been increasing difficulty in providing teachers for rural areas where security is poor .
9.1 ) and , despite government incentives , there has been increasing difficulty in [giving] teachers for rural areas where security is poor .

This has principally meant providing more access to consumer goods and services , such as education , while continuing to deny any section of the black population access to political decision-making , or fundamentally changing the economic order .
this has principally meant [giving] more access to consumer goods and services , such as education , while continuing to deny any section of the black population access to political decision-making , or fundamentally changing the economic order .

The government itself has encouraged individual rather than collective advancement by turning much of the initiative for vocational and technical training over to the private sector — with local and multinational companies selecting candidates for higher-level training and providing scholarships and bursaries to this end .
the government itself has encouraged individual rather than collective advancement by turning much of the initiative for vocational and technical training over to the private sector — with local and multinational companies selecting candidates for higher-level training and [giving] scholarships and bursaries to this end .

The pattern of the Sunday School preceding the church is a common one and the rapid growth of this School from small beginnings , together with the increasing numbers of the Thomas Street Society , led to the providing of a wooden building , called the Tabernacle , somewhere near the present Eden Avenue in 1869 .
the pattern of the sunday school preceding the church is a common one and the rapid growth of this school from small beginnings , together with the increasing numbers of the thomas street society , led to the [giving] of a wooden building , called the tabernacle , somewhere near the present eden avenue in 1869 .

In the same year £20 was spent on improving ventilation , providing a shed and replacing the old wooden railings by iron railings and gates .
in the same year £20 was spent on improving ventilation , [giving] a shed and replacing the old wooden railings by iron railings and gates .

Or it is a pop group growling their way through a new song with cash register bells providing the timpani .
or it is a pop group growling their way through a new song with cash register bells [giving] the timpani .

Providing explanations for discipline will not necessarily have an immediate effect on children 's obedience .
[giving] explanations for discipline will not necessarily have an immediate effect on children 's obedience .

It appeared that this setting was providing Suzy with an audience to which she gladly reacted .
it appeared that this setting was [giving] suzy with an audience to which she gladly reacted .

Providing cues
[giving] cues

If your child does something you do not like , such as losing her temper too easily , you may increase her ability to think first and hold her temper by penalizing her consistently for failing to do so ; in this way you are providing an ‘ incentive ’ for her efforts to keep her cool .
if your child does something you do not like , such as losing her temper too easily , you may increase her ability to think first and hold her temper by penalizing her consistently for failing to do so ; in this way you are [giving] an ‘ incentive ’ for her efforts to keep her cool .

This programme was designed to improve their relationship with Gary by providing opportunities for mutually reinforcing activities .
this programme was designed to improve their relationship with gary by [giving] opportunities for mutually reinforcing activities .

Bearing in mind the policy modifications imposed on the Urban Programme after 1979 , what kind of supportive environment was it providing for the cities by the mid-to-late 1980s ?
bearing in mind the policy modifications imposed on the urban programme after 1979 , what kind of supportive environment was it [giving] for the cities by the mid-to-late 1980s ?

On the other hand , the largest single allocation in virtually all the Partnerships was for social schemes , which were usually concerned with leisure projects or with providing services for the disadvantaged .
on the other hand , the largest single allocation in virtually all the partnerships was for social schemes , which were usually concerned with leisure projects or with [giving] services for the disadvantaged .

However , it was always intended that UDCs would act primarily as catalysts , providing a framework within which the prime agency for urban renewal — the private sector — would thrive ( DoE , 1980 ) .
however , it was always intended that udcs would act primarily as catalysts , [giving] a framework within which the prime agency for urban renewal — the private sector — would thrive ( doe , 1980 ) .

However , there are some misgivings about development which tends to boost land and house prices without providing significant job opportunities for ‘ ordinary ’ people or , apparently , acting as much of a catalyst to growth in the rest of the local economy .
however , there are some misgivings about development which tends to boost land and house prices without [giving] significant job opportunities for ‘ ordinary ’ people or , apparently , acting as much of a catalyst to growth in the rest of the local economy .

Both high income commuters and lower income residents may resent development of this kind : the one because it interferes with their fantasy of the rural life , and the other because it pushes up house prices without providing any new job opportunities .
both high income commuters and lower income residents may resent development of this kind : the one because it interferes with their fantasy of the rural life , and the other because it pushes up house prices without [giving] any new job opportunities .

Some market research companies specialize in providing audits of the trends in sales of particular product types across all manufacturers .
some market research companies specialize in [giving] audits of the trends in sales of particular product types across all manufacturers .

But logs have a vital role to play in data analysis , providing one of the most useful ways of re-expressing data that straggles upwards .
but logs have a vital role to play in data analysis , [giving] one of the most useful ways of re-expressing data that straggles upwards .

8.2 and , like the Peruvian example discussed above , the fallow stage is contributing to crop productivity as well as providing protection against soil erosion .
8.2 and , like the peruvian example discussed above , the fallow stage is contributing to crop productivity as well as [giving] protection against soil erosion .

As Pooley ( 1987 ) discusses , bacterial leaching is relevant to the recovery of metals that occur as sulphide ores and it involves the oxidation of sulphides to sulphates that are more soluble , providing solutions from which the metals can be more easily extracted .
as pooley ( 1987 ) discusses , bacterial leaching is relevant to the recovery of metals that occur as sulphide ores and it involves the oxidation of sulphides to sulphates that are more soluble , [giving] solutions from which the metals can be more easily extracted .

It was during these five years of Clarendon 's first period at the Foreign Office that it seems to have changed its status from the personal domain of the Secretary of State to a professionally staffed institution with its own executive functions and , at the same time , positive steps were taken towards providing suitable accommodation for this new organization .
it was during these five years of clarendon 's first period at the foreign office that it seems to have changed its status from the personal domain of the secretary of state to a professionally staffed institution with its own executive functions and , at the same time , positive steps were taken towards [giving] suitable accommodation for this new organization .

As promised by Palmerston during the previous session , a Select Committee was set up by the House of Commons on 28th April , 1856 to consider ‘ the best means of providing Accommodation for the various Public Departments in the Neighbourhood of Downing Street ’ .
as promised by palmerston during the previous session , a select committee was set up by the house of commons on 28th april , 1856 to consider ‘ the best means of [giving] accommodation for the various public departments in the neighbourhood of downing street ’ .

He concluded with a promise that before the next session he would obtain a less expensive plan probably providing accommodation for the Foreign Colonial and India Offices , and although reception rooms should be included , the residence could be omitted .
he concluded with a promise that before the next session he would obtain a less expensive plan probably [giving] accommodation for the foreign colonial and india offices , and although reception rooms should be included , the residence could be omitted .

It follows publication of a report by the Office of Population Censuses and Surveys in 1988 which maintained that there were 6 million people in Britain providing informal care for a sick , elderly or disabled relative or dependant , i.e .
it follows publication of a report by the office of population censuses and surveys in 1988 which maintained that there were 6 million people in britain [giving] informal care for a sick , elderly or disabled relative or dependant , i.e .

While providing greater safety from the pressure hazard , they can create spatial problems for the patient .
while [giving] greater safety from the pressure hazard , they can create spatial problems for the patient .

Improvements are recommended in all of these studies such as shutting doors quietly ( and oiling them when necessary ) ; handling equipment carefully to reduce noise ; muting the alarm systems and telephones ; wearing soft-soled shoes ; providing soundproof covers for computer printout machines ; reducing conversations between staff and talking quietly ; providing earplugs if requested ; isolating ‘ noisy ’ patients from general wards when practicable so that they create the least possible disturbance to other patients — and , as Soutar & Wilson point out , most of these suggestions are simple and inexpensive remedies .
improvements are recommended in all of these studies such as shutting doors quietly ( and oiling them when necessary ) ; handling equipment carefully to reduce noise ; muting the alarm systems and telephones ; wearing soft-soled shoes ; [giving] soundproof covers for computer printout machines ; reducing conversations between staff and talking quietly ; [giving] earplugs if requested ; isolating ‘ noisy ’ patients from general wards when practicable so that they create the least possible disturbance to other patients — and , as soutar & wilson point out , most of these suggestions are simple and inexpensive remedies .

It is equally relevant when providing a nursing service for people at the other end of the lifespan — the elderly .
it is equally relevant when [giving] a nursing service for people at the other end of the lifespan — the elderly .

Providing patients with information on admission to hospital and throughout their stay may be acknowledged as an important part of nursing but frequently , discharge is a very rushed affair .
[giving] patients with information on admission to hospital and throughout their stay may be acknowledged as an important part of nursing but frequently , discharge is a very rushed affair .

What percentage of workers are employed in providing the infrastructure ?
what percentage of workers are employed in [giving] the infrastructure ?

More people are occupied in providing services than in manufacturing .
more people are occupied in [giving] services than in manufacturing .

Suggest a chain of industries involved in providing your shirt , blouse or pullover .
suggest a chain of industries involved in [giving] your shirt , blouse or pullover .

His advice was soon overshadowed by Benjamin Spock ’ s standby , Baby and Child Care , published in 1946 and selling millions of copies over seven editions , the most recent appearing in 1998.39 Providing answers to virtually any question about child rearing that might occur to a parent , from physical care to emotional , disciplinary , and educational issues , Spock seemed , on many fronts , to lean toward parental ﬁrmness and away from children ’ s rule-of-the-roost .
his advice was soon overshadowed by benjamin spock ’ s standby , baby and child care , published in 1946 and selling millions of copies over seven editions , the most recent appearing in 1998.39 [giving] answers to virtually any question about child rearing that might occur to a parent , from physical care to emotional , disciplinary , and educational issues , spock seemed , on many fronts , to lean toward parental ﬁrmness and away from children ’ s rule-of-the-roost .

Understanding this new view can be immeasurably helpful to parents , caregivers,49 and teachers in providing children with development-enhancing experiences , since it oers a way of thinking about child rearing and education that they can call on to guide decision making in daily life .
understanding this new view can be immeasurably helpful to parents , caregivers,49 and teachers in [giving] children with development-enhancing experiences , since it oers a way of thinking about child rearing and education that they can call on to guide decision making in daily life .

When children do ask these questions , parents vary widely in how much information they are comfortable in providing .
when children do ask these questions , parents vary widely in how much information they are comfortable in [giving] .

They worry that by providing help , they will discourage self-reliance in thinking and problem solving .
they worry that by [giving] help , they will discourage self-reliance in thinking and problem solving .

By collaborating with the child on a challenging task , the adult assesses what the child can already do and what the child is ready to learn , providing a support system for mastery .
by collaborating with the child on a challenging task , the adult assesses what the child can already do and what the child is ready to learn , [giving] a support system for mastery .

Those who viewed their teachers as warm and as providing helpful learning conditions—by making expectations clear and checking that the child understood—worked harder on assignments and participated more in class .
those who viewed their teachers as warm and as [giving] helpful learning conditions—by making expectations clear and checking that the child understood—worked harder on assignments and participated more in class .

When Sydney has diculty , he fortiﬁes the scaold , providing increased direction .
when sydney has diculty , he fortiﬁes the scaold , [giving] increased direction .

It does so in two interrelated ways : ( 1 ) by providing children with strategies for working toward goals , and ( 2 ) by relinquishing adult control and assistance as soon as the child can work independently .
it does so in two interrelated ways : ( 1 ) by [giving] children with strategies for working toward goals , and ( 2 ) by relinquishing adult control and assistance as soon as the child can work independently .

The cases suggest that stepping in only in at times of crisis can not compensate for providing the ongoing togetherness and haven of a family .
the cases suggest that stepping in only in at times of crisis can not compensate for [giving] the ongoing togetherness and haven of a family .

Adults need to modify these strategies to suit children ’ s play maturity , providing assistance tailored to the child ’ s “ zone. ” Sticking with directive interventions does not prompt children to come up with effective solutions to conﬂict as it arises—strategies that work because they take into account both the child ’ s and the playmate ’ s desires .
adults need to modify these strategies to suit children ’ s play maturity , [giving] assistance tailored to the child ’ s “ zone. ” sticking with directive interventions does not prompt children to come up with effective solutions to conﬂict as it arises—strategies that work because they take into account both the child ’ s and the playmate ’ s desires .

Although the production of basic white dress shirts may lend itself to a price/cost analysis , this “ staple ” good , like many staple goods , now constitutes only a small proportion of all shirt production : by 1986 , little more than 20 percent of men ’ s dress shirts were white.23 This one-time staple has been replaced by shirts of dizzying diversity in fabric , design , and style , providing the final consumer with a huge assortment of shirts while exposing retailers and manufacturers to increased risk of holding large volumes of unsold goods .
although the production of basic white dress shirts may lend itself to a price/cost analysis , this “ staple ” good , like many staple goods , now constitutes only a small proportion of all shirt production : by 1986 , little more than 20 percent of men ’ s dress shirts were white.23 this one-time staple has been replaced by shirts of dizzying diversity in fabric , design , and style , [giving] the final consumer with a huge assortment of shirts while exposing retailers and manufacturers to increased risk of holding large volumes of unsold goods .

To be sure , technological advances in communication and transportation have helped supply channels operate more effectively and efficiently in providing diverse goods .
to be sure , technological advances in communication and transportation have helped supply channels operate more effectively and efficiently in [giving] diverse goods .

Most important , apparel-makers that have invested in major innovations to collect and use information perform much better than those that have done little to innovate production beyond providing basic information links to retailers .
most important , apparel-makers that have invested in major innovations to collect and use information perform much better than those that have done little to innovate production beyond [giving] basic information links to retailers .

To foster productivity ( physical output per worker ) and constrain supervisory costs , wages are paid on a piece-rate basis , providing incentives for rapid completion of the operation .
to foster productivity ( physical output per worker ) and constrain supervisory costs , wages are paid on a piece-rate basis , [giving] incentives for rapid completion of the operation .

A successful U.S. apparel-maker , for instance , may assemble basic men ’ s khaki pants in average sizes in Mexico , taking advantage of low labor costs as well as Mexico ’ s proximity to the maker ’ s Texas distribution centers ; at the same time , this company can choose to manufacture products with more variable demand , like khaki pants with narrow waists and long inseams , in the United States , providing fast turnaround for retailers and lower exposure to inventory risk .
a successful u.s. apparel-maker , for instance , may assemble basic men ’ s khaki pants in average sizes in mexico , taking advantage of low labor costs as well as mexico ’ s proximity to the maker ’ s texas distribution centers ; at the same time , this company can choose to manufacture products with more variable demand , like khaki pants with narrow waists and long inseams , in the united states , [giving] fast turnaround for retailers and lower exposure to inventory risk .

It has taken away a time-consuming and often wearying task from the round of daily chores , providing consumers with a wide array of products and styles at reasonable prices .
it has taken away a time-consuming and often wearying task from the round of daily chores , [giving] consumers with a wide array of products and styles at reasonable prices .

Any fabric left after the order is completed is kept by the subcontractor , providing an incentive to “ squeeze ” the pattern pieces more than a designer might want .
any fabric left after the order is completed is kept by the subcontractor , [giving] an incentive to “ squeeze ” the pattern pieces more than a designer might want .

Apparel producers providing garments with multiple dimensions—for example , men ’ s shirts that are sized according to collar , sleeve length , and often torso length—require much more consistent cutting than suppliers whose apparel is sold only in small , medium , and large sizes .
apparel producers [giving] garments with multiple dimensions—for example , men ’ s shirts that are sized according to collar , sleeve length , and often torso length—require much more consistent cutting than suppliers whose apparel is sold only in small , medium , and large sizes .

Suppliers get little return out of providing customers with standardized shipping container markers if neither of these channel players has made previous investments in bar codes and EDI .
suppliers get little return out of [giving] customers with standardized shipping container markers if neither of these channel players has made previous investments in bar codes and edi .

Successful performance includes providing high levels of order completeness , short lead times for new products , and rapid response to requests for replenishment .
successful performance includes [giving] high levels of order completeness , short lead times for new products , and rapid response to requests for replenishment .

Instead of providing an open-ended guarantee on prices to its distributors , the company would guarantee the price for only two weeks after purchase by the distributor , refusing to take back computers unless they malfunctioned .
instead of [giving] an open-ended guarantee on prices to its distributors , the company would guarantee the price for only two weeks after purchase by the distributor , refusing to take back computers unless they malfunctioned .

Only as recently as the mid-1990s has integration risen to critical levels , providing a clear picture of what channel relations will look like in the future .
only as recently as the mid-1990s has integration risen to critical levels , [giving] a clear picture of what channel relations will look like in the future .

Providing a stitch—or a package of pasta , a home computer , an automobile—in time requires a growing degree of integration among business enterprises within and across industries .
[giving] a stitch—or a package of pasta , a home computer , an automobile—in time requires a growing degree of integration among business enterprises within and across industries .

The early twentieth-century success of Wanamaker ’ s and other department stores illustrates that the keys to effective retailing are providing customers with a variety of desirable products , procuring those products at a low enough cost to make a profit , marketing them well , and charging prices that reflect customers ’ willingness to pay .
the early twentieth-century success of wanamaker ’ s and other department stores illustrates that the keys to effective retailing are [giving] customers with a variety of desirable products , procuring those products at a low enough cost to make a profit , marketing them well , and charging prices that reflect customers ’ willingness to pay .

Other technological innovations , including steel construction , plate glass , and the Otis elevator , allowed retailers to expand multi-story floor space without purchasing more real estate , providing for a more varied collection of products .
other technological innovations , including steel construction , plate glass , and the otis elevator , allowed retailers to expand multi-story floor space without purchasing more real estate , [giving] for a more varied collection of products .

Although providing consumers with low prices for a limited range of goods underpins the strategy of mass merchants and national chains , department stores ( going back to Wanamaker ) rely on offering consumers a diverse and exciting collection of goods .
although [giving] consumers with low prices for a limited range of goods underpins the strategy of mass merchants and national chains , department stores ( going back to wanamaker ) rely on offering consumers a diverse and exciting collection of goods .

We discuss the trade-off arising from providing new products with little information on consumer demand ( fashion products ) and replenishing items on the basis of sales ( historically limited to more basic products ) in detail in Chapter 6 .
we discuss the trade-off arising from [giving] new products with little information on consumer demand ( fashion products ) and replenishing items on the basis of sales ( historically limited to more basic products ) in detail in chapter 6 .

Haldeen Braddy discusses the origin of the word pachuco , providing several theories .
haldeen braddy discusses the origin of the word pachuco , [giving] several theories .

Originally it was organized for religious observances and practices , including pious prayer and bodily penance , but the society eventually became very important in providing mutual aid to the local communities .
originally it was organized for religious observances and practices , including pious prayer and bodily penance , but the society eventually became very important in [giving] mutual aid to the local communities .

Reading the Fourteenth Amendment with a view to what it was intended to accomplish would have yielded a more generous understanding of “ state action. ” The range of constitutionally relevant action would have included at least actions fulfilling the public functions of providing transportation , accommodations for travelers , education , and culture .
reading the fourteenth amendment with a view to what it was intended to accomplish would have yielded a more generous understanding of “ state action. ” the range of constitutionally relevant action would have included at least actions fulfilling the public functions of [giving] transportation , accommodations for travelers , education , and culture .

These vengeful provisions have caused much mischief , as we have seen , by providing fodder today for those who prefer denying the franchise to convicted felons.3 Still , the equal protection clause was a breakthrough and supplied the anchor for a cardinal principle of the postbellum legal order .
these vengeful provisions have caused much mischief , as we have seen , by [giving] fodder today for those who prefer denying the franchise to convicted felons.3 still , the equal protection clause was a breakthrough and supplied the anchor for a cardinal principle of the postbellum legal order .

Providing these reasons turns out not to be so easy .
[giving] these reasons turns out not to be so easy .

Indeed , if we stand back and squint , it is easy to see the most awesome feature of an economy and its roots in autonomous agents : The most awesome feature of the econosphere , as of the biosphere both built by communities of autonomous agents in their urgent plunging , lunging , sliding , gliding , hiding , trading , and providing has been a blossoming diversity of molecular and organismic species and of novel ways of making a living that has persistently burgeoned into the adjacent possible .
indeed , if we stand back and squint , it is easy to see the most awesome feature of an economy and its roots in autonomous agents : the most awesome feature of the econosphere , as of the biosphere both built by communities of autonomous agents in their urgent plunging , lunging , sliding , gliding , hiding , trading , and [giving] has been a blossoming diversity of molecular and organismic species and of novel ways of making a living that has persistently burgeoned into the adjacent possible .

Providing an influx of $ 165 million to the southwestern economy , Hoover Dam played a major role in preventing Las Vegas from drying up , both financially and literally .
[giving] an influx of $ 165 million to the southwestern economy , hoover dam played a major role in preventing las vegas from drying up , both financially and literally .

Providing the mainstay of the economy for this area , some 54,400 metric tons ( 60,000 tons ) of salt a year are harvested here .
[giving] the mainstay of the economy for this area , some 54,400 metric tons ( 60,000 tons ) of salt a year are harvested here .

By car or ferry from Fort-de-France , you can reach Anse à l ’ Ane which has a pleasant brown-sand beach with sea grapes providing shade , plus picnic tables , children ’ s slides , and restaurants .
by car or ferry from fort-de-france , you can reach anse à l ’ ane which has a pleasant brown-sand beach with sea grapes [giving] shade , plus picnic tables , children ’ s slides , and restaurants .

Recommended Hotels The Balearics were formally a maze of down-market concrete block hotels brutally clustered right on top of once-pristine beaches and coves.Today the trend is toward providing more discerning travelers with more authentic and upscale accommodations , frequently in old farmhouses and manor houses , as well as short- and long-term rentals .
recommended hotels the balearics were formally a maze of down-market concrete block hotels brutally clustered right on top of once-pristine beaches and coves.today the trend is toward [giving] more discerning travelers with more authentic and upscale accommodations , frequently in old farmhouses and manor houses , as well as short- and long-term rentals .

He asserted that the area was blessed with the highest concentration of exactly those natural features that , when combined , create the most pleasing and relaxing vistas possible — landscapes composed of “ lakes representing the source of life in water , trees offering the promise of shelter , smooth areas providing easy walking and a curved shoreline or path in the distance to stimulate curiosity .
he asserted that the area was blessed with the highest concentration of exactly those natural features that , when combined , create the most pleasing and relaxing vistas possible — landscapes composed of “ lakes representing the source of life in water , trees offering the promise of shelter , smooth areas [giving] easy walking and a curved shoreline or path in the distance to stimulate curiosity .

The town was also important for the pharaohs because it sat close to one of the largest sources of high-quality granite quarries in the country , providing stone for many of its finest temples .
the town was also important for the pharaohs because it sat close to one of the largest sources of high-quality granite quarries in the country , [giving] stone for many of its finest temples .

Some of the recent development is rather unattractive , but there are a number of excellent resort hotels providing just about everything you could want for a beach vacation .
some of the recent development is rather unattractive , but there are a number of excellent resort hotels [giving] just about everything you could want for a beach vacation .

Providing a welcome touch of green amid all the asphalt , ginkgo and sycamore trees line the impressive Midosuji Boulevard .
[giving] a welcome touch of green amid all the asphalt , ginkgo and sycamore trees line the impressive midosuji boulevard .

As long as the bottom line shined , casino operators , especially those in the mob era , were happy to continue providing low-cost or even free entertainment and food .
as long as the bottom line shined , casino operators , especially those in the mob era , were happy to continue [giving] low-cost or even free entertainment and food .

At Tokyo ’ s Kabuki-za Theater , you can rent headphones for the performance , providing simultaneous English-language translation of the important dialogue along with explanations of the action and conventions .
at tokyo ’ s kabuki-za theater , you can rent headphones for the performance , [giving] simultaneous english-language translation of the important dialogue along with explanations of the action and conventions .

Its riches and prestige called for a legacy , providing the funds for the gleaming white marble complex of religious edifices known as the Campo dei Miracoli ( Field of Miracles ) , of which its leaning bell tower is a national icon , left unscathed by the invasions and wars of succeeding centuries .
its riches and prestige called for a legacy , [giving] the funds for the gleaming white marble complex of religious edifices known as the campo dei miracoli ( field of miracles ) , of which its leaning bell tower is a national icon , left unscathed by the invasions and wars of succeeding centuries .

Since the 16th century , the town has had the exclusive privilege of providing Rome with its palm fronds for the Sunday before Easter .
since the 16th century , the town has had the exclusive privilege of [giving] rome with its palm fronds for the sunday before easter .

With its walled , garden-surrounded villas , mountainous terrain , and dramatic craggy coast , this still-beautiful island manages to cater to the boisterous fun of day trippers and package tours while simultaneously providing quiet hideaways for the idle rich .
with its walled , garden-surrounded villas , mountainous terrain , and dramatic craggy coast , this still-beautiful island manages to cater to the boisterous fun of day trippers and package tours while simultaneously [giving] quiet hideaways for the idle rich .

For many , the most enchanting spot in town is the late-17th-century Promenade du Peyrou — spacious classical gardens with a triumphal arch , an equestrian statue of Louis XIV , and , on a mound at the far end , a hexagonal château d ’ eau ( water tower ) that looks more like a temple , providing a fine view south to the Mediterranean and north to the Cévennes mountains .
for many , the most enchanting spot in town is the late-17th-century promenade du peyrou — spacious classical gardens with a triumphal arch , an equestrian statue of louis xiv , and , on a mound at the far end , a hexagonal château d ’ eau ( water tower ) that looks more like a temple , [giving] a fine view south to the mediterranean and north to the cévennes mountains .

Serving Jamaican meals with European influences in a newly designed thatch-covered restaurant set on top of cliffs , providing an ideal location for sunset cocktails .
serving jamaican meals with european influences in a newly designed thatch-covered restaurant set on top of cliffs , [giving] an ideal location for sunset cocktails .

Much of the land is extremely fertile and produces a range of tropical fruit and vegetable crops , providing ample food for the people and such lucrative cash crops as sugar and coffee .
much of the land is extremely fertile and produces a range of tropical fruit and vegetable crops , [giving] ample food for the people and such lucrative cash crops as sugar and coffee .

He opposed Piedmontese patricians and intellectuals of the Moderates party , seeking reform through a pri­vilege-conscious confederation of Italian princes blessed by the papacy — with Piedmont providing the military muscle .
he opposed piedmontese patricians and intellectuals of the moderates party , seeking reform through a pri­vilege-conscious confederation of italian princes blessed by the papacy — with piedmont [giving] the military muscle .

The lucrative tin mines of Kuala Lumpur in the State of Selangor , of Sungai Ujong in Negeri Sembilan , and of Larut and Taiping in Perak were run for the Malay rulers by Chinese managers providing coolie labor .
the lucrative tin mines of kuala lumpur in the state of selangor , of sungai ujong in negeri sembilan , and of larut and taiping in perak were run for the malay rulers by chinese managers [giving] coolie labor .

Both Madeira and Britain benefited from a new regulation that governed the shipment of Madeira wine and made it the only wine that could be exported directly to the British possessions in the Western hemisphere ( providing , of course , it was carried by a British vessel ) .
both madeira and britain benefited from a new regulation that governed the shipment of madeira wine and made it the only wine that could be exported directly to the british possessions in the western hemisphere ( [giving] , of course , it was carried by a british vessel ) .

The road winds along clifftops and the sea , providing a series of vertigo-inducing viewpoints , and meandering back into the mountains .
the road winds along clifftops and the sea , [giving] a series of vertigo-inducing viewpoints , and meandering back into the mountains .

The Pershing Square Landmark Tour is highly recommended : in addition to providing a wealth of historical information , it includes access to the stunning interiors of such edifices as the Guarantee Trust and Edison buildings , with their marble pillars and flooring , Hugo Ballin murals , and Art-Deco styling .
the pershing square landmark tour is highly recommended : in addition to [giving] a wealth of historical information , it includes access to the stunning interiors of such edifices as the guarantee trust and edison buildings , with their marble pillars and flooring , hugo ballin murals , and art-deco styling .

It is a popular place for picnicking , jogging , and resting beneath the trees , and it features an artificial lake for boating , providing a lovely escape from the city ’ s tensions .
it is a popular place for picnicking , jogging , and resting beneath the trees , and it features an artificial lake for boating , [giving] a lovely escape from the city ’ s tensions .

Creeping plants now climb the sheer walls , providing a new home to numerous birds , lizards , and frogs .
creeping plants now climb the sheer walls , [giving] a new home to numerous birds , lizards , and frogs .

In summer , cruise ships dock at the small port outside the main harbor wall , providing a good picture of how the working dockyard must have looked when it was home to British naval vessels .
in summer , cruise ships dock at the small port outside the main harbor wall , [giving] a good picture of how the working dockyard must have looked when it was home to british naval vessels .

Spittal Pond is well known for providing rest and recuperation for birds blown off course on long migratory routes : it is possible to spot unusual species that have drifted off their normal routes .
spittal pond is well known for [giving] rest and recuperation for birds blown off course on long migratory routes : it is possible to spot unusual species that have drifted off their normal routes .

As you walk , you will find many historic houses and museums providing many more clues to the lives of these fascinating people .
as you walk , you will find many historic houses and museums [giving] many more clues to the lives of these fascinating people .

The name comes from the practice , sadly almost vanished , of providing a free bite with every drink .
the name comes from the practice , sadly almost vanished , of [giving] a free bite with every drink .

Acres of mangrove swamp cover the rocky outcrops , sheltering sandy beaches and providing a haven for herons and pelicans .
acres of mangrove swamp cover the rocky outcrops , sheltering sandy beaches and [giving] a haven for herons and pelicans .

Bali ’ s contact with the Dutch was restricted to providing slaves — mainly Balinese who had broken the rajas ’ laws or priests ’ taboos — and soldiers for the army of the United Dutch East Indies Company ( Vereenigde Oostindische Compagnie , or VOC ) .
bali ’ s contact with the dutch was restricted to [giving] slaves — mainly balinese who had broken the rajas ’ laws or priests ’ taboos — and soldiers for the army of the united dutch east indies company ( vereenigde oostindische compagnie , or voc ) .

The elegant Friedrichstraße is full of expensive shops offering highly desirable items , with Galeries Lafayette providing an injection of French style .
the elegant friedrichstraße is full of expensive shops offering highly desirable items , with galeries lafayette [giving] an injection of french style .

The most popular itineraries invariably include Beijing , Xi ’ an , Guilin , and Shanghai , each city providing a glimpse of China past and present .
the most popular itineraries invariably include beijing , xi ’ an , guilin , and shanghai , each city [giving] a glimpse of china past and present .

Some of the scenic formations of stalactites and stalagmites have names like Old Banyan Tree Welcoming Guests and Dragon Splashing Water , providing an idea of the poetic license enjoyed by Chinese cave explorers .
some of the scenic formations of stalactites and stalagmites have names like old banyan tree welcoming guests and dragon splashing water , [giving] an idea of the poetic license enjoyed by chinese cave explorers .

Largely an amusement park in the middle of the lake , Three Hills ( known locally as “ Fairy Island ” ) contains a new four-tiered temple with the statue of an ancient emperor , providing an enchanting view of Lake Tai from the top .
largely an amusement park in the middle of the lake , three hills ( known locally as “ fairy island ” ) contains a new four-tiered temple with the statue of an ancient emperor , [giving] an enchanting view of lake tai from the top .

In the agreement was a secret clause providing for the eventual full partition of Poland between Germany and Russia — even though Poland had signed 10-year non-aggression pacts with both .
in the agreement was a secret clause [giving] for the eventual full partition of poland between germany and russia — even though poland had signed 10-year non-aggression pacts with both .

It stands on a rather windswept , raised granite platform that serves as a sculpture court for huge outdoor pieces like Henry Moore ’ s Archer , as well as providing a playground for skate-boarders .
it stands on a rather windswept , raised granite platform that serves as a sculpture court for huge outdoor pieces like henry moore ’ s archer , as well as [giving] a playground for skate-boarders .

Besides providing a delightful setting for chamber-music recitals , it is also used for exhibitions of 18th- and 19th-century art and Berlin history .
besides [giving] a delightful setting for chamber-music recitals , it is also used for exhibitions of 18th- and 19th-century art and berlin history .

With the fortress of Burg Köpenick providing a common defense to the south , Cölln and Berlin formed a trade center between Magdeburg and Poznan .
with the fortress of burg köpenick [giving] a common defense to the south , cölln and berlin formed a trade center between magdeburg and poznan .

The prosperous city joined the Hanseatic League , trading in rye , wool , and oak timber and providing an entrepôt for skins and furs from eastern Europe .
the prosperous city joined the hanseatic league , trading in rye , wool , and oak timber and [giving] an entrepôt for skins and furs from eastern europe .

The city is built on hills — by legend seven , but in fact many more — providing several splendid vantage points .
the city is built on hills — by legend seven , but in fact many more — [giving] several splendid vantage points .

The Minoans developed into one of the great naval powers of the Mediterranean , with the wood from the vast cypress forests providing material for boats .
the minoans developed into one of the great naval powers of the mediterranean , with the wood from the vast cypress forests [giving] material for boats .

Providing a cultural counterpoint a block north of the Convention Center , Vancouver architect Arthur Erickson ’ s transparent Roy Thomson Hall glows at night to show off the throngs of smart concert-goers attending the Toronto Symphony Orchestra .
[giving] a cultural counterpoint a block north of the convention center , vancouver architect arthur erickson ’ s transparent roy thomson hall glows at night to show off the throngs of smart concert-goers attending the toronto symphony orchestra .

A bustling underground network of concourses and escalators links the major buildings of the financial district to create a whole other neighborhood of shopping malls , cinemas , and restaurants , providing warm shelter in the winter and air-conditioned relief in the humid summer .
a bustling underground network of concourses and escalators links the major buildings of the financial district to create a whole other neighborhood of shopping malls , cinemas , and restaurants , [giving] warm shelter in the winter and air-conditioned relief in the humid summer .

Just up the road , 40 km ( 25 miles ) northwest of Thunder Bay , the beautiful Kakabeka Falls is surrounded by its own provincial park providing a quiet natural setting that ’ s a far cry from Niagara .
just up the road , 40 km ( 25 miles ) northwest of thunder bay , the beautiful kakabeka falls is surrounded by its own provincial park [giving] a quiet natural setting that ’ s a far cry from niagara .

The north is coniferous , serving the province ’ s important pulp and paper industry , and the south is deciduous , with the maple of the national flag providing delicious syrup , and the ash , oak , and beech that blaze into crimson , amber , and gold in autumn .
the north is coniferous , serving the province ’ s important pulp and paper industry , and the south is deciduous , with the maple of the national flag [giving] delicious syrup , and the ash , oak , and beech that blaze into crimson , amber , and gold in autumn .

Its forest of majestic Douglas firs , cedars , and Sitka spruce remind us it was once a government reserve providing mast and spar timbers for the Royal Navy .
its forest of majestic douglas firs , cedars , and sitka spruce remind us it was once a government reserve [giving] mast and spar timbers for the royal navy .

Close to the original action and still providing the most vivid testimony to the Klondike days , the boomtown of Dawson City yielded in 1951 to the transportation and communications center of Whitehorse as territorial capital .
close to the original action and still [giving] the most vivid testimony to the klondike days , the boomtown of dawson city yielded in 1951 to the transportation and communications center of whitehorse as territorial capital .

Boating : There are numerous marinas along the coast between Málaga and Sotogrande , providing year-round moorings for yachts and motor boats .
boating : there are numerous marinas along the coast between málaga and sotogrande , [giving] year-round moorings for yachts and motor boats .

Much of Great Exuma is given over to agricultural production , providing the island New Providence with a lot of its fresh produce .
much of great exuma is given over to agricultural production , [giving] the island new providence with a lot of its fresh produce .

A sensational ride back is aboard an aerial cable car ride that traverses the length of the port , providing excellent views of the waterfront and La Rambla .
a sensational ride back is aboard an aerial cable car ride that traverses the length of the port , [giving] excellent views of the waterfront and la rambla .

Although an earthquake caused extensive damage in 1522 , the crenellated ocher outer walls and a section of the turreted ramparts stand firm , providing wide-ranging vistas over the city and the sea .
although an earthquake caused extensive damage in 1522 , the crenellated ocher outer walls and a section of the turreted ramparts stand firm , [giving] wide-ranging vistas over the city and the sea .

Beyond this is the Historical Folk and Art Museum , providing an evocative glimpse at the Crete of yesteryear .
beyond this is the historical folk and art museum , [giving] an evocative glimpse at the crete of yesteryear .

The Maryland Legal Services Corp. - which supports 28 organizations providing legal help to those with cases involving domestic abuse , landlord-tenant disputes and other issues - faces a $ 1 million budget shortfall because of slack interest on the accounts that help fund it .
the maryland legal services corp. - which supports 28 organizations [giving] legal help to those with cases involving domestic abuse , landlord-tenant disputes and other issues - faces a $ 1 million budget shortfall because of slack interest on the accounts that help fund it .

In a press release referring to the program , IRS Commissioner Charles O. Rossotti stated that the clinics mesh with the IRS mission statement of providing `` America 's taxpayers top quality service by helping them understand and meet their tax responsibilities by applying the tax law with integrity and fairness to all . ''
in a press release referring to the program , irs commissioner charles o. rossotti stated that the clinics mesh with the irs mission statement of [giving] `` america 's taxpayers top quality service by helping them understand and meet their tax responsibilities by applying the tax law with integrity and fairness to all . ''

In the mid-1990 's there was a concerted attempt in Congress to eliminate funding entirely for the Legal Services Corporation , a nationwide program dedicated to providing civil legal services to lowincome Americans .
in the mid-1990 's there was a concerted attempt in congress to eliminate funding entirely for the legal services corporation , a nationwide program dedicated to [giving] civil legal services to lowincome americans .

The award was established in 1983 to give statewide recognition to attorneys for providing pro bono legal services to the poor .
the award was established in 1983 to give statewide recognition to attorneys for [giving] pro bono legal services to the poor .

The boards of both organizations eschewed impact litigation in favor of the 1960s model of providing direct client services .
the boards of both organizations eschewed impact litigation in favor of the 1960s model of [giving] direct client services .

Twenty-nine attorneys in Wayne , Union , Fayette , Franklin and Rush counties participate in providing free legal services through the pro bono program , she said .
twenty-nine attorneys in wayne , union , fayette , franklin and rush counties participate in [giving] free legal services through the pro bono program , she said .

At Wednesday 's open house the local office honored him with an award for his dedication to providing pro bono legal assistance for low-income seniors in Central Oregon .
at wednesday 's open house the local office honored him with an award for his dedication to [giving] pro bono legal assistance for low-income seniors in central oregon .

The lawyers , many of whom could be earning considerably more in the private sector , are uniformly devoted to the principle of providing legal assistance to those who otherwise might be denied their day in court .
the lawyers , many of whom could be earning considerably more in the private sector , are uniformly devoted to the principle of [giving] legal assistance to those who otherwise might be denied their day in court .

The Lawyer in the Library program is an offshoot of a long-standing program at the Vallejo library , which has proven to be very effective in providing people with free , unbiased advice .
the lawyer in the library program is an offshoot of a long-standing program at the vallejo library , which has proven to be very effective in [giving] people with free , unbiased advice .

The funds will assist nonprofit organizations in providing legal assistance , such as advice or representation , to individuals who can not afford attorneys .
the funds will assist nonprofit organizations in [giving] legal assistance , such as advice or representation , to individuals who can not afford attorneys .

In his 20-minute remarks , Carlton described providing legal services to low-income Americans as one of the biggest challenges facing the legal profession .
in his 20-minute remarks , carlton described [giving] legal services to low-income americans as one of the biggest challenges facing the legal profession .

At the same time , requests for services from the foundation , which has the mission of providing free legal aid to poor people in order to make `` equal access to justice '' a reality , have increased as the economy has softened .
at the same time , requests for services from the foundation , which has the mission of [giving] free legal aid to poor people in order to make `` equal access to justice '' a reality , have increased as the economy has softened .

More than 600 Delaware attorneys have participated in providing the free legal service , she said .
more than 600 delaware attorneys have participated in [giving] the free legal service , she said .

The grants come at a time when funding for programs providing attorneys for the poor are in jeopardy from declining interest rates , cutbacks in federal funding and legal challenges .
the grants come at a time when funding for programs [giving] attorneys for the poor are in jeopardy from declining interest rates , cutbacks in federal funding and legal challenges .

By providing research services , mentors and continuing education - all the things they 'd have if they worked in big law firms - storefront lawyers could make a living charging affordable legal rates , Bryan theorized .
by [giving] research services , mentors and continuing education - all the things they 'd have if they worked in big law firms - storefront lawyers could make a living charging affordable legal rates , bryan theorized .

Subia was nominated by President Bush to the board of directors of the Legal Services Corp. -- a nonprofit organization dedicated to providing legal services to low-income people .
subia was nominated by president bush to the board of directors of the legal services corp. -- a nonprofit organization dedicated to [giving] legal services to low-income people .

It was the Economic Opportunity Act of 1964 that began providing federal funding for programs to bring legal services to the poor , Kinser said .
it was the economic opportunity act of 1964 that began [giving] federal funding for programs to bring legal services to the poor , kinser said .

Here 's another one to add to the list Co the Legal Aid Bureau , founded in 1911 and today recognized nationally for its leadership in providing civil legal services to the poor .
here 's another one to add to the list co the legal aid bureau , founded in 1911 and today recognized nationally for its leadership in [giving] civil legal services to the poor .

Providing Legal Aid To The Poor Terry Russell , president of The Florida Bar , has spent months pushing legislation that would provide state funding for legal assistance for the poor .
[giving] legal aid to the poor terry russell , president of the florida bar , has spent months pushing legislation that would provide state funding for legal assistance for the poor .

Legal assistance means providing advice and other help in civil matters to low-income Floridians with generally uncomplicated legal problems .
legal assistance means [giving] advice and other help in civil matters to low-income floridians with generally uncomplicated legal problems .

These legal aid groups and the individuals providing pro bono services do a commendable job , but they can not meet the demand .
these legal aid groups and the individuals [giving] pro bono services do a commendable job , but they can not meet the demand .

Friday , October 18 , 2002 Low-income domestic violence victims may find long-term legal help -- representation in divorces or child-custody disputes -- hard to come by , if two organizations now providing such help ca n't replace their lost funding .
friday , october 18 , 2002 low-income domestic violence victims may find long-term legal help -- representation in divorces or child-custody disputes -- hard to come by , if two organizations now [giving] such help ca n't replace their lost funding .

While describing the request as a worthy cause , board members agreed Tuesday that funding divorces or custody disputes was outside their focus -- providing direct services for crime victims .
while describing the request as a worthy cause , board members agreed tuesday that funding divorces or custody disputes was outside their focus -- [giving] direct services for crime victims .

The $ 175,000 requested would have allowed the legal aid groups to maintain a skeleton staff to continue providing help beyond emergency protective orders for victims , completing existing cases and offering services in limited cases .
the $ 175,000 requested would have allowed the legal aid groups to maintain a skeleton staff to continue [giving] help beyond emergency protective orders for victims , completing existing cases and offering services in limited cases .

The bar associations could consult with the IOLTA directors , and then contact banks to determine which ones are providing the best returns with the lowest costs to IOLTA .
the bar associations could consult with the iolta directors , and then contact banks to determine which ones are [giving] the best returns with the lowest costs to iolta .

Passaic Legal Aid argues that LSC has effectively debarred it from receiving future grants without providing the notice and hearing required by law .
passaic legal aid argues that lsc has effectively debarred it from receiving future grants without [giving] the notice and hearing required by law .

On the policy side , Atlas and Thorne contend that the combined Hudson-Bergen entity would not be able to take over the community and economic development-type services Passaic Legal Aid has been providing along with the core litigation services traditionally offered by legal aid providers .
on the policy side , atlas and thorne contend that the combined hudson-bergen entity would not be able to take over the community and economic development-type services passaic legal aid has been [giving] along with the core litigation services traditionally offered by legal aid providers .

A group of local lawyers has been doing its best this week to add to a goodwill tradition of its own : providing free legal service to people facing eviction just before the holidays .
a group of local lawyers has been doing its best this week to add to a goodwill tradition of its own : [giving] free legal service to people facing eviction just before the holidays .

Legal Aid is a nonprofit national organization aimed at providing low-cost or free legal aid to those who need it .
legal aid is a nonprofit national organization aimed at [giving] low-cost or free legal aid to those who need it .

Says Powers , `` This grant will help provide our students with valuable professional experience that will help them in whatever areas they go into , but will also help them understand and have the ideals of providing legal services to every citizen of the state . ''
says powers , `` this grant will help provide our students with valuable professional experience that will help them in whatever areas they go into , but will also help them understand and have the ideals of [giving] legal services to every citizen of the state . ''

Our elected officials , and all who are concerned about providing equal access to justice for all , must step forward and support Legal Aid services .
our elected officials , and all who are concerned about [giving] equal access to justice for all , must step forward and support legal aid services .

In its new report , the Commission on Access to Justice notes some significant steps toward providing equal access to justice for all Californians .
in its new report , the commission on access to justice notes some significant steps toward [giving] equal access to justice for all californians .

That may sound beyond financial reach , but it is actually only 2 percent of the amount Californians spend on lawyers each year -- and that 2 percent would be providing legal assistance to nearly 20 percent of the population .
that may sound beyond financial reach , but it is actually only 2 percent of the amount californians spend on lawyers each year -- and that 2 percent would be [giving] legal assistance to nearly 20 percent of the population .

The new policy narrows the definition to providing legal advice or representation to people who can not afford it .
the new policy narrows the definition to [giving] legal advice or representation to people who can not afford it .

This places the responsibility to perform the intervention in the hands of individuals who are already committed to providing the service and avoids dependence on physicians who are unlikely to acquire such commitment until significant attitudinal changes occur .
this places the responsibility to perform the intervention in the hands of individuals who are already committed to [giving] the service and avoids dependence on physicians who are unlikely to acquire such commitment until significant attitudinal changes occur .

However , emergency physicians do not engage in analysis of insurance contracts before providing care and are therefore unaware of the type of coverage , if any , carried by the patient .
however , emergency physicians do not engage in analysis of insurance contracts before [giving] care and are therefore unaware of the type of coverage , if any , carried by the patient .

This is leading to much debate among emergency physicians about their role in providing preventive services .
this is leading to much debate among emergency physicians about their role in [giving] preventive services .

Our task is to identify more cost-effective ways of providing the needed services before funding is cut yet again .
our task is to identify more cost-effective ways of [giving] the needed services before funding is cut yet again .

The intervention featured , the brief negotiation interview , includes establishing rapport , raising the subject of problem drinking , providing feedback , and assessing the patient 's readiness to change .
the intervention featured , the brief negotiation interview , includes establishing rapport , raising the subject of problem drinking , [giving] feedback , and assessing the patient 's readiness to change .

This critical health care shortage could exacerbate a vicious cycle of need for care and difficulty providing that care .
this critical health care shortage could exacerbate a vicious cycle of need for care and difficulty [giving] that care .

It is clear from their manuscript that a spectrum of alcohol problems presents in the ED and that a spectrum of solutions is necessary to meet the challenges of providing `` best practices '' care .
it is clear from their manuscript that a spectrum of alcohol problems presents in the ed and that a spectrum of solutions is necessary to meet the challenges of [giving] `` best practices '' care .

Providing resources in the emergency setting has implications for the primary care setting .
[giving] resources in the emergency setting has implications for the primary care setting .

Providing immediate feedback may help make the transition from screening to counseling with little additional intervention .
[giving] immediate feedback may help make the transition from screening to counseling with little additional intervention .

In addition providing the new department with some reasoned and reasonable human capital , management and budget flexibilities combined with appropriate safeguards to protect the Congress ' constitutional authorities and to prevent abuse can also help contribute to a successful transition .
in addition [giving] the new department with some reasoned and reasonable human capital , management and budget flexibilities combined with appropriate safeguards to protect the congress ' constitutional authorities and to prevent abuse can also help contribute to a successful transition .

In addition to providing top-level leadership and accountability , the department will need to develop employee performance management systems that can serve as a key tool for aligning institutional , unit , and employee performance ; achieving results ; accelerating change ; managing the organization on a day-to-day basis ; and facilitating communication throughout the year so that discussions about individual and organizational performance are integrated and ongoing.15 A cascading set of resultsoriented performance agreements is one mechanism in a performance management system that creates a `` line of sight '' showing how individual employees can contribute to overall organizational goals.16 Further accountability can be achieved by ensuring that all relevant management laws are applied to the new department ( e.g , Government Performance and Results Act ( GPRA ) , Chief Financial Officers Act , Clinger-Cohen Act , etc . ) .
in addition to [giving] top-level leadership and accountability , the department will need to develop employee performance management systems that can serve as a key tool for aligning institutional , unit , and employee performance ; achieving results ; accelerating change ; managing the organization on a day-to-day basis ; and facilitating communication throughout the year so that discussions about individual and organizational performance are integrated and ongoing.15 a cascading set of resultsoriented performance agreements is one mechanism in a performance management system that creates a `` line of sight '' showing how individual employees can contribute to overall organizational goals.16 further accountability can be achieved by ensuring that all relevant management laws are applied to the new department ( e.g , government performance and results act ( gpra ) , chief financial officers act , clinger-cohen act , etc . ) .

Congress may want to consider not expressly providing certain flexibilities in the initial legislation , but rather providing a mechanism for expedited consideration of flexibilities should the new department request them in the future .
congress may want to consider not expressly [giving] certain flexibilities in the initial legislation , but rather [giving] a mechanism for expedited consideration of flexibilities should the new department request them in the future .

Provide Useful Data Providing objective data for organizational results , customer satisfaction , and employee perspectives can help senior executives manage during the year , identify performance gaps , pinpoint improvement opportunities , and compare their performance to other executives .
provide useful data [giving] objective data for organizational results , customer satisfaction , and employee perspectives can help senior executives manage during the year , identify performance gaps , pinpoint improvement opportunities , and compare their performance to other executives .

Their initial implementation approaches to manage senior executives ' performance recognize the importance of providing useful data so that executives can track their individual performance against organizational results on a real-time basis and the benefit of requiring follow-up action on customer and employee issues through workgroup meetings and action plans .
their initial implementation approaches to manage senior executives ' performance recognize the importance of [giving] useful data so that executives can track their individual performance against organizational results on a real-time basis and the benefit of requiring follow-up action on customer and employee issues through workgroup meetings and action plans .

Improve human resources management and quality of worklife : Develop a strategy to provide for a needed workforce by developing and implementing a response to the workforce plan ; maintain a trained and motivated workforce by implementing plans and strategies to improve the satisfaction of BLM employees by assuring each employee has a current Appendix II BLM 's Senior Executive Performance Plans position description and individual performance plan linked to the strategic plan , and providing appropriate training for employees at all levels ; demonstrate improvement in diversity and composition of the workforce as measured by the percent of hiring opportunities in which diversity candidates are placed ; demonstrate commitment to nondiscrimination in the workplace by ensuring that individuals are not denied employment or career advancement opportunities due to gender , race , and other factors ; and provide development opportunities to subordinates to help them participate in the goal of achieving workforce diversity .
improve human resources management and quality of worklife : develop a strategy to provide for a needed workforce by developing and implementing a response to the workforce plan ; maintain a trained and motivated workforce by implementing plans and strategies to improve the satisfaction of blm employees by assuring each employee has a current appendix ii blm 's senior executive performance plans position description and individual performance plan linked to the strategic plan , and [giving] appropriate training for employees at all levels ; demonstrate improvement in diversity and composition of the workforce as measured by the percent of hiring opportunities in which diversity candidates are placed ; demonstrate commitment to nondiscrimination in the workplace by ensuring that individuals are not denied employment or career advancement opportunities due to gender , race , and other factors ; and provide development opportunities to subordinates to help them participate in the goal of achieving workforce diversity .

CLOSING : In the final analysis , for any system to work you need to assure that the key people have integrity , that the information provided to key stakeholders is timely and reliable , and that the persons or entities that are providing assurance as to the reliability of any financial and non-financial information are qualified and independent both in fact and appearance .
closing : in the final analysis , for any system to work you need to assure that the key people have integrity , that the information provided to key stakeholders is timely and reliable , and that the persons or entities that are [giving] assurance as to the reliability of any financial and non-financial information are qualified and independent both in fact and appearance .

This executive guide is intended to assist federal agencies in achieving the objectives of the Chief Financial Officers ( CFO ) Act of 1990 and subsequent related legislation by providing case studies of 11 practices critical for establishing and maintaining sound financial operations .
this executive guide is intended to assist federal agencies in achieving the objectives of the chief financial officers ( cfo ) act of 1990 and subsequent related legislation by [giving] case studies of 11 practices critical for establishing and maintaining sound financial operations .

The leading organizations we studied made financial management improvement an entitywide priority by building a foundation of control and accountability that supports external reporting and performance management , providing clear strong executive leadership , and using training to change the organizational culture and engage line management .
the leading organizations we studied made financial management improvement an entitywide priority by building a foundation of control and accountability that supports external reporting and performance management , [giving] clear strong executive leadership , and using training to change the organizational culture and engage line management .

Others are specifically geared towards providing line managers with a greater appreciation of the financial implications of their business decisions .
others are specifically geared towards [giving] line managers with a greater appreciation of the financial implications of their business decisions .

Today , leading finance organizations are focusing more on internal customer requirements by providing products and services that directly support strategic decisionmaking and ultimately improve overall business performance .
today , leading finance organizations are focusing more on internal customer requirements by [giving] products and services that directly support strategic decisionmaking and ultimately improve overall business performance .

The leading finance organizations we visited enhanced their capabilities for providing meaningful information to decisionmakers by developing management information systems that support the partnership between finance and operations , reengineering processes in conjunction with implementing new technology , and translating financial data into meaningful information .
the leading finance organizations we visited enhanced their capabilities for [giving] meaningful information to decisionmakers by developing management information systems that support the partnership between finance and operations , reengineering processes in conjunction with implementing new technology , and translating financial data into meaningful information .

The leading finance organizations we visited have long had general ledger systems capable of generating auditable financial statements efficiently and routinely , thereby providing information on stewardship and accountability at a high level .
the leading finance organizations we visited have long had general ledger systems capable of generating auditable financial statements efficiently and routinely , thereby [giving] information on stewardship and accountability at a high level .

In addition , new technology has integrated functions related to the Customer Fulfillment Process , such as sales , ordering , production , shipping , billing , and accounts receivable , providing users with greater access to data .
in addition , new technology has integrated functions related to the customer fulfillment process , such as sales , ordering , production , shipping , billing , and accounts receivable , [giving] users with greater access to data .

Second , attracting and ultimately keeping a highly qualified and motivated workforce involves providing meaningful career opportunities , such as the opportunity to ( 1 ) participate in exciting groundbreaking projects , ( 2 ) build a portfolio of new skills , and ( 3 ) choose a variety of career paths .
second , attracting and ultimately keeping a highly qualified and motivated workforce involves [giving] meaningful career opportunities , such as the opportunity to ( 1 ) participate in exciting groundbreaking projects , ( 2 ) build a portfolio of new skills , and ( 3 ) choose a variety of career paths .

IT Governance Institute- www.itgovernance.org/itgi/ This web site is designed enhance the vital link between IT and enterprise governance by offering information and resources for efficiently and effectively deploying secure , reliable information and applied technology , and providing best practice guidance on the management of ITrelated risks .
it governance institute- www.itgovernance.org/itgi/ this web site is designed enhance the vital link between it and enterprise governance by offering information and resources for efficiently and effectively deploying secure , reliable information and applied technology , and [giving] best practice guidance on the management of itrelated risks .

They stated that , in accordance with the Department 's practice , publication of section 605 ( b ) certifications in the Federal Register is treated as providing notice to SBA .
they stated that , in accordance with the department 's practice , publication of section 605 ( b ) certifications in the federal register is treated as [giving] notice to sba .

The payment accuracy review and three other studies led to a series of actions that included assuring that transportation providers actually existed and were providing services , assuring that providers billed Medicaid correctly , and sending notices to let providers know what is expected of them .
the payment accuracy review and three other studies led to a series of actions that included assuring that transportation providers actually existed and were [giving] services , assuring that providers billed medicaid correctly , and sending notices to let providers know what is expected of them .

Detection activities play a significant role not only in identifying improper payments , but also in providing data 10 '' Pay and chase '' refers to the labor-intensive and time-consuming practice of trying to recover overpayments once they have already been made rather than preventing improper payments in the first place .
detection activities play a significant role not only in identifying improper payments , but also in [giving] data 10 '' pay and chase '' refers to the labor-intensive and time-consuming practice of trying to recover overpayments once they have already been made rather than preventing improper payments in the first place .

FST maximizes the value of the data warehouse by performing data mining activities and providing a research-based approach to fraud prevention and detection .
fst maximizes the value of the data warehouse by performing data mining activities and [giving] a research-based approach to fraud prevention and detection .

The organizations that participated in our study found they could effectively and efficiently manage improper payments by ( 1 ) changing their organizations ' control environments or cultures , ( 2 ) performing risk assessments , ( 3 ) implementing activities to reduce fraud and errors , ( 4 ) providing relevant , reliable , and timely information and communication of results to management , and ( 5 ) monitoring performance over time .
the organizations that participated in our study found they could effectively and efficiently manage improper payments by ( 1 ) changing their organizations ' control environments or cultures , ( 2 ) performing risk assessments , ( 3 ) implementing activities to reduce fraud and errors , ( 4 ) [giving] relevant , reliable , and timely information and communication of results to management , and ( 5 ) monitoring performance over time .

The government services provided by the agencies range from providing audit oversight and tax collection activities to benefit administration and benefit payments .
the government services provided by the agencies range from [giving] audit oversight and tax collection activities to benefit administration and benefit payments .

Department of Health and Human Services-Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services The Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) is the U.S. government 's principal agency for protecting the health of all Americans and providing essential human services .
department of health and human services-centers for medicare and medicaid services the department of health and human services ( hhs ) is the u.s. government 's principal agency for protecting the health of all americans and [giving] essential human services .

SSI had outlays of $ 30.8 billion in fiscal year 2000 , providing cash assistance to about 6.6 million financially needy individuals who are elderly , blind , or disabled .
ssi had outlays of $ 30.8 billion in fiscal year 2000 , [giving] cash assistance to about 6.6 million financially needy individuals who are elderly , blind , or disabled .

VA administers the laws providing benefits and other services to veterans and their dependents and beneficiaries .
va administers the laws [giving] benefits and other services to veterans and their dependents and beneficiaries .

Government Technology magazine is dedicated to providing government executives with key information they need to succeed in running modern government .
government technology magazine is dedicated to [giving] government executives with key information they need to succeed in running modern government .

The Australian National Audit Office ( ANAO ) is a specialist public sector entity providing a full range of audit services to Parliament and Commonwealth public sector agencies and statutory bodies .
the australian national audit office ( anao ) is a specialist public sector entity [giving] a full range of audit services to parliament and commonwealth public sector agencies and statutory bodies .

FEMA also faces special mission-related challenges , including providing timely responses to disaster aid requests , preventing or reducing harm and losses from future disasters through cost-effective mitigation efforts , and working effectively with other federal , state , and local programs .
fema also faces special mission-related challenges , including [giving] timely responses to disaster aid requests , preventing or reducing harm and losses from future disasters through cost-effective mitigation efforts , and working effectively with other federal , state , and local programs .

Agency leaders need to commit their organizations to valuing and investing in their employees by empowering , involving , and providing them the tools to do their best , and by implementing the modern performance management and incentives systems needed to focus employees ' efforts on achieving agency missions and goals .
agency leaders need to commit their organizations to valuing and investing in their employees by empowering , involving , and [giving] them the tools to do their best , and by implementing the modern performance management and incentives systems needed to focus employees ' efforts on achieving agency missions and goals .

Top leadership commitment entails time , energy , and persistence in providing incentives and establishing accountability .
top leadership commitment entails time , energy , and persistence in [giving] incentives and establishing accountability .

For example , a Branch Chief in OPM 's Retirement and Insurance Service enabled a new team to improve claims processing by , among other things , providing cross-training for the team to handle both CSRS and FERS claims .
for example , a branch chief in opm 's retirement and insurance service enabled a new team to improve claims processing by , among other things , [giving] cross-training for the team to handle both csrs and fers claims .

For example , the FAA Logistics Center Director committed to providing every Logistics Center employee with a $ 500 cash award if the Center met all of its performance targets for fiscal year 2001 .
for example , the faa logistics center director committed to [giving] every logistics center employee with a $ 500 cash award if the center met all of its performance targets for fiscal year 2001 .

She then uses that information for self-assessment and in providing performance feedback to individual team members .
she then uses that information for self-assessment and in [giving] performance feedback to individual team members .

Training Employees to Enhance Their Knowledge , Skills , and Abilities The agreement also provides for continuous improvement in IRS operations in part by providing employees the authority , resources , and other inputs they need to effect changes and to be accountable for performing effectively , and provides for NTEU participation in various forums , such as business process improvement teams and cross-unit committees .
training employees to enhance their knowledge , skills , and abilities the agreement also provides for continuous improvement in irs operations in part by [giving] employees the authority , resources , and other inputs they need to effect changes and to be accountable for performing effectively , and provides for nteu participation in various forums , such as business process improvement teams and cross-unit committees .

VBA officials , for instance , told us that , along with providing various training modules , employees also need on-the-job training , coaching and mentoring to enhance their expertise through actual experience in processing claims .
vba officials , for instance , told us that , along with [giving] various training modules , employees also need on-the-job training , coaching and mentoring to enhance their expertise through actual experience in processing claims .

The teams ' performance was measured on a regular basis , providing direct feedback to the teams .
the teams ' performance was measured on a regular basis , [giving] direct feedback to the teams .

Employees we met with appeared committed to working toward the goals of their agencies and to providing high quality service .
employees we met with appeared committed to working toward the goals of their agencies and to [giving] high quality service .

At one of VBA 's regional offices , for example , computerized information is continuously displayed on video screens providing employees with current performance information .
at one of vba 's regional offices , for example , computerized information is continuously displayed on video screens [giving] employees with current performance information .

The Logistics Center also had a monthly newsletter for sharing organizational performance information and providing an arena for employees to share information .
the logistics center also had a monthly newsletter for sharing organizational performance information and [giving] an arena for employees to share information .

Providing delegated authorities can enable employees to control their own work processes and schedules .
[giving] delegated authorities can enable employees to control their own work processes and schedules .

To address the barriers , the agencies used such strategies as open communication , a commitment to change , and providing performance feedback .
to address the barriers , the agencies used such strategies as open communication , a commitment to change , and [giving] performance feedback .

Providing training at the appropriate time for an employee can achieve better results .
[giving] training at the appropriate time for an employee can achieve better results .

Further , since enactment of the original Paperwork Reduction Act in 1980 , OMB has been responsible for developing information security guidance and overseeing agency practices , and the Computer Security Act assigns the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) primary responsibility for developing technical standards and providing related guidance .
further , since enactment of the original paperwork reduction act in 1980 , omb has been responsible for developing information security guidance and overseeing agency practices , and the computer security act assigns the national institute of standards and technology ( nist ) primary responsibility for developing technical standards and [giving] related guidance .

Although most of the organizations were private enterprises motivated by the desire to earn profits , their information security concerns focused on providing high-quality reliable service to their customers and business partners , avoiding fraud and disclosures of sensitive information , promoting efficient operations , and complying with applicable laws and regulations .
although most of the organizations were private enterprises motivated by the desire to earn profits , their information security concerns focused on [giving] high-quality reliable service to their customers and business partners , avoiding fraud and disclosures of sensitive information , promoting efficient operations , and complying with applicable laws and regulations .

Providing self-assessment tools to business units so that they could monitor their own security posture .
[giving] self-assessment tools to business units so that they could monitor their own security posture .

Guidelines Provide for Flexibility Although the latitude granted to business units varied , providing both policies and guidelines allowed business units to tailor the guidelines to their own individual unit 's information protection needs .
guidelines provide for flexibility although the latitude granted to business units varied , [giving] both policies and guidelines allowed business units to tailor the guidelines to their own individual unit 's information protection needs .

In that event , agencies should view the hierarchy as providing sources of GAAP for the Federal Government .
in that event , agencies should view the hierarchy as [giving] sources of gaap for the federal government .

Source for Interpretations OMB Circular A-134 describes the policies for seeking and providing interpretations and other advice related to the standards .
source for interpretations omb circular a-134 describes the policies for seeking and [giving] interpretations and other advice related to the standards .

OMB and FASAB will respond to the request for guidance by providing technical assistance unless they determine that the response should be an Interpretation .
omb and fasab will respond to the request for guidance by [giving] technical assistance unless they determine that the response should be an interpretation .

The relationship between the tax paid and the value received is too indirect and disproportionate to relate the revenue that is received from any identifiable taxpayer to the cost that is incurred for providing that identifiable taxpayer with benefits .
the relationship between the tax paid and the value received is too indirect and disproportionate to relate the revenue that is received from any identifiable taxpayer to the cost that is incurred for [giving] that identifiable taxpayer with benefits .

Because the revenue is related to the cost of the providing service , it is an exchange revenue of the insurance program .
because the revenue is related to the cost of the [giving] service , it is an exchange revenue of the insurance program .

Therefore , the cancellation of debt is not earned by the entity 's operations and is not directly related to the entity 's costs of providing goods and services .
therefore , the cancellation of debt is not earned by the entity 's operations and is not directly related to the entity 's costs of [giving] goods and services .

Intragovernmental sales of goods and services by a revolving fund. -- The cost of providing goods or services by a revolving fund is defrayed in whole or in part by selling the goods or services provided .
intragovernmental sales of goods and services by a revolving fund. -- the cost of [giving] goods or services by a revolving fund is defrayed in whole or in part by selling the goods or services provided .

Intragovernmental sales of goods and services by a fund other than a revolving fund. -- The cost of providing goods or services is defrayed in whole or in part by selling the goods or services provided .
intragovernmental sales of goods and services by a fund other than a revolving fund. -- the cost of [giving] goods or services is defrayed in whole or in part by selling the goods or services provided .

This information will be in the form of a current services assessment providing future receipt and outlay data on the basis of projections of future activities 7 The term `` Federal mission '' refers to activities that are typically Federal , such as National defense .
this information will be in the form of a current services assessment [giving] future receipt and outlay data on the basis of projections of future activities 7 the term `` federal mission '' refers to activities that are typically federal , such as national defense .

Not all heritage assets are used solely for heritage purposes -- some serve two purposes by providing reminders of our heritage and by being used in day-to-day government operations unrelated to the assets themselves .
not all heritage assets are used solely for heritage purposes -- some serve two purposes by [giving] reminders of our heritage and by being used in day-to-day government operations unrelated to the assets themselves .

In developing the standards for stewardship reporting , the Board concentrated on providing guidance in the principal areas of stewardship resources that have materiality for the majority of Federal entities and for the consolidated financial reporting for the Nation .
in developing the standards for stewardship reporting , the board concentrated on [giving] guidance in the principal areas of stewardship resources that have materiality for the majority of federal entities and for the consolidated financial reporting for the nation .

An appropriation act is the most common means of providing budget authority , but in some cases the authorizing legislation itself provides the budget authority .
an appropriation act is the most common means of [giving] budget authority , but in some cases the authorizing legislation itself provides the budget authority .

The Committee is providing guidance and information to Chief Financial Officers and managers in the 24 agencies covered by the CFO Act .
the committee is [giving] guidance and information to chief financial officers and managers in the 24 agencies covered by the cfo act .

Second , it can give the taxpayers a better understanding of what the government is providing in return for their tax dollars .
second , it can give the taxpayers a better understanding of what the government is [giving] in return for their tax dollars .

We identified some individual features that when viewed as a whole , appear to have the potential for enhancing the general usefulness of future performance reports in providing decisionmakers and the public with the information needed to assess progress.24 These features would also be appropriate for GMRA accountability reports .
we identified some individual features that when viewed as a whole , appear to have the potential for enhancing the general usefulness of future performance reports in [giving] decisionmakers and the public with the information needed to assess progress.24 these features would also be appropriate for gmra accountability reports .

In addition , by providing baseline and trend data-which show the agency 's progress over time-the agency can give decisionmakers a more historical perspective within which to compare the year 's performance with performance in past years .
in addition , by [giving] baseline and trend data-which show the agency 's progress over time-the agency can give decisionmakers a more historical perspective within which to compare the year 's performance with performance in past years .

Like Congress and the executive branch , an agency 's top political and career leadership can encourage a greater accountability for results by providing managers at each level in the organization with the appropriate authority and flexibility to obtain those results .
like congress and the executive branch , an agency 's top political and career leadership can encourage a greater accountability for results by [giving] managers at each level in the organization with the appropriate authority and flexibility to obtain those results .

Our study of several leading foreign governments , however , showed that although there was general agreement on how to hold organizations accountable for results , there was as yet no such agreement on how best to hold individual managers accountable.28 New Zealand and the United Kingdom held their program managers accountable for efficiently providing specific goods and services .
our study of several leading foreign governments , however , showed that although there was general agreement on how to hold organizations accountable for results , there was as yet no such agreement on how best to hold individual managers accountable.28 new zealand and the united kingdom held their program managers accountable for efficiently [giving] specific goods and services .

DOD officials recognized when they were considering various methods to deliver GPRA training that the costs-in both money and time-of providing training through traditional , live classroom instruction would be prohibitive .
dod officials recognized when they were considering various methods to deliver gpra training that the costs-in both money and time-of [giving] training through traditional , live classroom instruction would be prohibitive .

Federal agencies that apply the practices may find that their transition to a results orientation is quicker , smoother , and , most important , more successful in providing the effective and efficient government the American people deserve .
federal agencies that apply the practices may find that their transition to a results orientation is quicker , smoother , and , most important , more successful in [giving] the effective and efficient government the american people deserve .

The preambles to the proposed and final rules discuss this modification to the reporting requirement , explaining the reasons for the change and providing a burden estimate .
the preambles to the proposed and final rules discuss this modification to the reporting requirement , explaining the reasons for the change and [giving] a burden estimate .

Rather , in accordance with the Board 's practice , publication of the certifications in the Federal Register was treated as providing notice to SBA .
rather , in accordance with the board 's practice , publication of the certifications in the federal register was treated as [giving] notice to sba .

Although the Vice President did not use the term ƒExecutive Privilege≈ in his August 2 letter , his assertion that providing these facts would unconstitutionally interfere with the executive branch and his focus on confidentiality of communications use the same language and reasoning as assertions of Executive Privilege.4 In our view , the information that GAO seeks is not protected by Executive Privilege .
although the vice president did not use the term ƒexecutive privilege≈ in his august 2 letter , his assertion that [giving] these facts would unconstitutionally interfere with the executive branch and his focus on confidentiality of communications use the same language and reasoning as assertions of executive privilege.4 in our view , the information that gao seeks is not protected by executive privilege .

However , the fundamental principles of providing the right incentives , providing adequate transparency , and ensuring appropriate accountability are even more important and relevant as the new structure and reforms are being established .
however , the fundamental principles of [giving] the right incentives , [giving] adequate transparency , and ensuring appropriate accountability are even more important and relevant as the new structure and reforms are being established .

Participants also discussed the importance of providing reasonable transparency of key information , with regard to both financial information of the company and board operations .
participants also discussed the importance of [giving] reasonable transparency of key information , with regard to both financial information of the company and board operations .

Providing the SEC with Sufficient Resources to Restore Investor Confidence Participants uniformly agreed that the nation needs a strong , viable SEC to instill investor confidence in our markets .
[giving] the sec with sufficient resources to restore investor confidence participants uniformly agreed that the nation needs a strong , viable sec to instill investor confidence in our markets .

The Commission describes how , in response to these comments , it attempted to minimize the burdens on small entities by : -- limiting the regulations to mass market two-way voice services , -- providing for waivers for small rural carriers , -- accepting the recommendation of trade associations and public safety organizations to extend the implementation period for some provisions over a 5-year period , and -- offsetting the burden on small entities by requiring that a cost recovery mechanism will be in place before requiring implementation of the requirements .
the commission describes how , in response to these comments , it attempted to minimize the burdens on small entities by : -- limiting the regulations to mass market two-way voice services , -- [giving] for waivers for small rural carriers , -- accepting the recommendation of trade associations and public safety organizations to extend the implementation period for some provisions over a 5-year period , and -- offsetting the burden on small entities by requiring that a cost recovery mechanism will be in place before requiring implementation of the requirements .

According to an official at EPA , publication of the certifications in the Federal Register in connection with the interim program and the final rule was treated as providing notice under section 605 ( b ) to the Small Business Administration 's ( SBA ) Chief Counsel for Advocacy .
according to an official at epa , publication of the certifications in the federal register in connection with the interim program and the final rule was treated as [giving] notice under section 605 ( b ) to the small business administration 's ( sba ) chief counsel for advocacy .

If the difference were minimal , justification would exist for going to such a rate , providing GSA approved .
if the difference were minimal , justification would exist for going to such a rate , [giving] gsa approved .

GAO will do work without a written request only if the work involves limited technical assistance that can be completed within 5 staff days , such as providing briefings on prior work or readily available information .
gao will do work without a written request only if the work involves limited technical assistance that can be completed within 5 staff days , such as [giving] briefings on prior work or readily available information .

According to an official at the Department of the Interior , publication of the certifications in the Federal Register was treated as providing notice under section 605 ( b ) to the Small Business Administration 's ( SBA ) Chief Counsel for Advocacy .
according to an official at the department of the interior , publication of the certifications in the federal register was treated as [giving] notice under section 605 ( b ) to the small business administration 's ( sba ) chief counsel for advocacy .

According to an official at FCIC , publication of the certifications in the Federal Register was treated as providing notice under section 605 ( b ) to the Small Business Administration 's ( SBA ) Chief Counsel for Advocacy .
according to an official at fcic , publication of the certifications in the federal register was treated as [giving] notice under section 605 ( b ) to the small business administration 's ( sba ) chief counsel for advocacy .

Rather , publication in the Federal Register was treated as providing notice to the SBA .
rather , publication in the federal register was treated as [giving] notice to the sba .

These services generally differ from financial audits , attestation engagements , and performance audits in that auditors may ( 1 ) provide information or data to a requesting party without providing verification , analysis , or evaluation of the information or data , and therefore the work does not usually provide a basis for conclusions , recommendations , or opinions on the information or data , or ( 2 ) perform tasks requested by management that directly support the entity 's operations , such as asset evaluation , actuarial services , or information system design services .
these services generally differ from financial audits , attestation engagements , and performance audits in that auditors may ( 1 ) provide information or data to a requesting party without [giving] verification , analysis , or evaluation of the information or data , and therefore the work does not usually provide a basis for conclusions , recommendations , or opinions on the information or data , or ( 2 ) perform tasks requested by management that directly support the entity 's operations , such as asset evaluation , actuarial services , or information system design services .

The auditor , in providing an independent report on whether an entity 's financial information is presented fairly in accordance with recognized criteria , informs users whether they can rely on the information .
the auditor , in [giving] an independent report on whether an entity 's financial information is presented fairly in accordance with recognized criteria , informs users whether they can rely on the information .

Management is responsible for providing appropriate reports to those who oversee their actions and to the public in order to be accountable for the resources used to carry out government programs and the results of these programs .
management is responsible for [giving] appropriate reports to those who oversee their actions and to the public in order to be accountable for the resources used to carry out government programs and the results of these programs .

Auditors are also responsible to be independent in fact and appearance when providing audit and attestation services .
auditors are also responsible to be independent in fact and appearance when [giving] audit and attestation services .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft FINANCIAL AUDITS 2.4 Financial audits primarily concern providing reasonable assurance about whether financial statements are presented fairly in all material respects in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) ,2 or with a comprehensive basis of accounting other than GAAP .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft financial audits 2.4 financial audits primarily concern [giving] reasonable assurance about whether financial statements are presented fairly in all material respects in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles ( gaap ) ,2 or with a comprehensive basis of accounting other than gaap .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft objectives including objectives related to assessing program effectiveness and results ; economy and efficiency ; internal control ; 7 and compliance with legal or other requirements ; and objectives related to providing prospective analyses , guidance , or summary information .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft objectives including objectives related to assessing program effectiveness and results ; economy and efficiency ; internal control ; 7 and compliance with legal or other requirements ; and objectives related to [giving] prospective analyses , guidance , or summary information .

These nonaudit services consist of gathering , providing , or explaining information requested by decision makers or providing advice or assistance to management officials .
these nonaudit services consist of gathering , [giving] , or explaining information requested by decision makers or [giving] advice or assistance to management officials .

Nonaudit services generally differ from financial audits , attestation engagements , and performance audits described above in that auditors provide information or data to a requesting party without providing verification , analysis , or evaluation of the information or data , and therefore the work does not usually provide a basis for conclusions , recommendations , or opinions on the information or data .
nonaudit services generally differ from financial audits , attestation engagements , and performance audits described above in that auditors provide information or data to a requesting party without [giving] verification , analysis , or evaluation of the information or data , and therefore the work does not usually provide a basis for conclusions , recommendations , or opinions on the information or data .

Such communication should include the nature of any additional testing of compliance and internal control required by laws and regulations or otherwise requested , and whether the auditors are planning on providing opinions on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting .
such communication should include the nature of any additional testing of compliance and internal control required by laws and regulations or otherwise requested , and whether the auditors are planning on [giving] opinions on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting .

Thus , whereas AICPA standards cite two main purposes of audit documentation -- providing the principal support for the audit report and aiding auditors in performing and supervising the audit -- audit documentation serves an additional purpose in audits performed in accordance with GAGAS .
thus , whereas aicpa standards cite two main purposes of audit documentation -- [giving] the principal support for the audit report and aiding auditors in performing and supervising the audit -- audit documentation serves an additional purpose in audits performed in accordance with gagas .

Audit documentation allows for the review of audit quality by providing the reviewer documentation , either in written or electronic formats , of the evidence supporting the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .
audit documentation allows for the review of audit quality by [giving] the reviewer documentation , either in written or electronic formats , of the evidence supporting the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .

REPORTING ON COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS AND ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 5.7 An additional reporting standard for financial statement audits2 conducted in accordance with GAGAS is : When providing an opinion on financial statements , auditors should include in their report on the financial statements either a ( 1 ) description of the scope of the auditors ' testing of compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting and the results of those tests or an opinion , if sufficient work was performed ; or ( 2 ) reference to the separate report ( s ) containing that information .
reporting on compliance with laws and regulations and on internal control over financial reporting 5.7 an additional reporting standard for financial statement audits2 conducted in accordance with gagas is : when [giving] an opinion on financial statements , auditors should include in their report on the financial statements either a ( 1 ) description of the scope of the auditors ' testing of compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting and the results of those tests or an opinion , if sufficient work was performed ; or ( 2 ) reference to the separate report ( s ) containing that information .

Scope of Compliance and Internal Control Work 5.10 Auditors should report the scope of their testing of compliance with laws and regulations and of internal control over financial reporting , including whether or not the tests they performed provided sufficient evidence to support an opinion on compliance with laws and regulations or internal control over financial reporting and whether the auditors are providing such opinions.3 REPORTING DEFICIENCIES IN INTERNAL CONTROL 5.11 The additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should report significant deficiencies in internal control considered to be reportable conditions as defined in AICPA standards .
scope of compliance and internal control work 5.10 auditors should report the scope of their testing of compliance with laws and regulations and of internal control over financial reporting , including whether or not the tests they performed provided sufficient evidence to support an opinion on compliance with laws and regulations or internal control over financial reporting and whether the auditors are [giving] such opinions.3 reporting deficiencies in internal control 5.11 the additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with gagas is : auditors should report significant deficiencies in internal control considered to be reportable conditions as defined in aicpa standards .

Auditors should follow the AICPA 's Statements on Standards for Attestation Engagements when providing opinions on internal control over compliance with laws and regulations or on internal control over financial reporting .
auditors should follow the aicpa 's statements on standards for attestation engagements when [giving] opinions on internal control over compliance with laws and regulations or on internal control over financial reporting .

Thus , whereas AICPA standards cite two main purposes of audit documentation -- providing the principal support for the audit report and aiding auditors in the conduct and supervision of the audit -- audit documentation serves an additional purpose in attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS .
thus , whereas aicpa standards cite two main purposes of audit documentation -- [giving] the principal support for the audit report and aiding auditors in the conduct and supervision of the audit -- audit documentation serves an additional purpose in attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas .

Audit documentation allows for the review of audit quality by providing the reviewer documentation , either in written or electronic formats , of the evidence supporting the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .
audit documentation allows for the review of audit quality by [giving] the reviewer documentation , either in written or electronic formats , of the evidence supporting the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft AICPA REPORTING STANDARDS FOR ATTESTATION ENGAGEMENTS 6.23 The AICPA standards for attestation engagements provide for three levels of reporting based on the type of assurance the auditor is providing .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft aicpa reporting standards for attestation engagements 6.23 the aicpa standards for attestation engagements provide for three levels of reporting based on the type of assurance the auditor is [giving] .

Elements of supervision include providing sufficient guidance to staff members , keeping informed of significant problems encountered , reviewing the work performed , and providing effective on-the-job training .
elements of supervision include [giving] sufficient guidance to staff members , keeping informed of significant problems encountered , reviewing the work performed , and [giving] effective on-the-job training .

Audit documentation allows for the review of audit quality by providing the reviewer documentation , either in written or electronic formats , of the evidence supporting the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .
audit documentation allows for the review of audit quality by [giving] the reviewer documentation , either in written or electronic formats , of the evidence supporting the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .

Audit Results 8.13 Auditors should report significant findings by providing credible and convincing evidence that relates to the audit objectives .
audit results 8.13 auditors should report significant findings by [giving] credible and convincing evidence that relates to the audit objectives .

Giving report users an adequate and correct understanding means providing perspective on the extent and significance of reported findings , such as the frequency of occurrence relative to the number of cases or transactions tested , and the relationship of the findings to the entity 's operations .
giving report users an adequate and correct understanding means [giving] perspective on the extent and significance of reported findings , such as the frequency of occurrence relative to the number of cases or transactions tested , and the relationship of the findings to the entity 's operations .

Further , since enactment of the original Paperwork Reduction Act in 1980 , OMB has been responsible for developing information security guidance and overseeing agency practices , and the Computer Security Act assigns the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) primary responsibility for developing technical standards and providing related guidance .
further , since enactment of the original paperwork reduction act in 1980 , omb has been responsible for developing information security guidance and overseeing agency practices , and the computer security act assigns the national institute of standards and technology ( nist ) primary responsibility for developing technical standards and [giving] related guidance .

Although most of the organizations were private enterprises motivated by the desire to earn profits , their information security concerns focused on providing high-quality reliable service to their customers and business partners , avoiding fraud and disclosures of sensitive information , promoting efficient operations , and complying with applicable laws and regulations .
although most of the organizations were private enterprises motivated by the desire to earn profits , their information security concerns focused on [giving] high-quality reliable service to their customers and business partners , avoiding fraud and disclosures of sensitive information , promoting efficient operations , and complying with applicable laws and regulations .

Providing self-assessment tools to business units so that they could monitor their own security posture .
[giving] self-assessment tools to business units so that they could monitor their own security posture .

Guidelines Provide for Flexibility Although the latitude granted to business units varied , providing both policies and guidelines allowed business units to tailor the guidelines to their own individual unit 's information protection needs .
guidelines provide for flexibility although the latitude granted to business units varied , [giving] both policies and guidelines allowed business units to tailor the guidelines to their own individual unit 's information protection needs .

To fulfill the requirements of section 204 regarding providing an opportunity for input from State , local and tribal governments , a `` Federal-State-Relations Conference '' was held and the numerous comments received from these entities were considered and are discussed in the preamble and the final Regulatory Impact Analysis .
to fulfill the requirements of section 204 regarding [giving] an opportunity for input from state , local and tribal governments , a `` federal-state-relations conference '' was held and the numerous comments received from these entities were considered and are discussed in the preamble and the final regulatory impact analysis .

Bowsher continued the emphasis on personnel improvement , strengthening the recruitment of people with diverse professional backgrounds and providing them with improved tools and work incentives .
bowsher continued the emphasis on personnel improvement , strengthening the recruitment of people with diverse professional backgrounds and [giving] them with improved tools and work incentives .

GAO strives also for reliability by providing highquality information that is timely , accurate , useful , clear , and candid .
gao strives also for reliability by [giving] highquality information that is timely , accurate , useful , clear , and candid .

Finally , let me note that GAO is proud of its record in providing timely service to the Congress .
finally , let me note that gao is proud of its record in [giving] timely service to the congress .

GAO 's plan presents four strategic goals that will help the Congress perform its constitutional responsibilities and ensure GAO 's ability to continue providing effective , quality support to its clients .
gao 's plan presents four strategic goals that will help the congress perform its constitutional responsibilities and ensure gao 's ability to continue [giving] effective , quality support to its clients .

Government too is being affected , with information technology providing new , more responsive and efficient ways of delivering services and information to citizens , in such areas as tax administration , higher education , transportation safety , and environmental protection .
government too is being affected , with information technology [giving] new , more responsive and efficient ways of delivering services and information to citizens , in such areas as tax administration , higher education , transportation safety , and environmental protection .

GAO has expanded its electronic link to Congress , and we are now providing a list of active assignments .
gao has expanded its electronic link to congress , and we are now [giving] a list of active assignments .

In his August 2 , 2001 , letter to both Houses of Congress , the Vice President raised a number of objections to providing the information we requested .
in his august 2 , 2001 , letter to both houses of congress , the vice president raised a number of objections to [giving] the information we requested .

While the rest of the membership reviewed and commented on the query , the organization 's experts continued to analyze the problem , eventually providing its final analysis , which could include a threat rating and potential solutions to the entire membership .
while the rest of the membership reviewed and commented on the query , the organization 's experts continued to analyze the problem , eventually [giving] its final analysis , which could include a threat rating and potential solutions to the entire membership .

The center attempts to be an unbiased and trusted source of information , in part by providing trend and composite information only , by deleting information that would allow victims to be identified , and by coordinating the response information it provides with academic , government , and corporate experts .
the center attempts to be an unbiased and trusted source of information , in part by [giving] trend and composite information only , by deleting information that would allow victims to be identified , and by coordinating the response information it provides with academic , government , and corporate experts .

The JTF-CNO expansion significantly increases its ability to perform the following : ( 1 ) preventive activities , such as conducting security reviews and issuing vulnerability alerts ; ( 2 ) coordination and monitoring detection activities performed by components , including monitoring automated intrusiondetection systems ; ( 3 ) investigative and diagnostic activities ; and ( 4 ) event handling and response activities , which involve disseminating information and providing technical assistance to system administrators so that they can appropriately respond to cyber attacks .
the jtf-cno expansion significantly increases its ability to perform the following : ( 1 ) preventive activities , such as conducting security reviews and issuing vulnerability alerts ; ( 2 ) coordination and monitoring detection activities performed by components , including monitoring automated intrusiondetection systems ; ( 3 ) investigative and diagnostic activities ; and ( 4 ) event handling and response activities , which involve disseminating information and [giving] technical assistance to system administrators so that they can appropriately respond to cyber attacks .

It significantly eases the regulatory burdens on offering participants by eliminating the trading restrictions for underwriters of activelytraded securities of large issuers , reducing the restricted periods for other securities , providing a more flexible framework for stabilizing transactions , expanding the securities eligible for Nasdaq passive market making during an offering , and deregulating rights offerings .
it significantly eases the regulatory burdens on offering participants by eliminating the trading restrictions for underwriters of activelytraded securities of large issuers , reducing the restricted periods for other securities , [giving] a more flexible framework for stabilizing transactions , expanding the securities eligible for nasdaq passive market making during an offering , and deregulating rights offerings .

Portals and Gateways Some of the agencies had also developed portals or gateways providing customized information for particular target audiences .
portals and gateways some of the agencies had also developed portals or gateways [giving] customized information for particular target audiences .

Providing Access to Regulatory Supporting Materials Regulatory agencies are required to prepare supporting materials for many of their proposed and final rules , including economic analyses ( i.e. , the alternatives considered , and the costs and benefits of the alternative selected ) ; and descriptions of how the agencies have complied with various rulemaking requirements ( e.g. , the Regulatory Flexibility Act , the Paperwork Reduction Act , and Executive Order 12866 ) .
[giving] access to regulatory supporting materials regulatory agencies are required to prepare supporting materials for many of their proposed and final rules , including economic analyses ( i.e. , the alternatives considered , and the costs and benefits of the alternative selected ) ; and descriptions of how the agencies have complied with various rulemaking requirements ( e.g. , the regulatory flexibility act , the paperwork reduction act , and executive order 12866 ) .

However , the regulatory flexibility analysis indicates that the rule will benefit all CMRS small business licensees by providing them greater flexibility to determine which service they will provide to the public .
however , the regulatory flexibility analysis indicates that the rule will benefit all cmrs small business licensees by [giving] them greater flexibility to determine which service they will provide to the public .

Rather , in accordance with VA 's practice , publication of the certification in the Federal Register was treated as providing notice to SBA .
rather , in accordance with va 's practice , publication of the certification in the federal register was treated as [giving] notice to sba .

The principle is based on the unarguable point that the success of government programs should be measured by the results achieved in terms of providing value to the taxpayer , not the size of the in-house or contractor workforce .
the principle is based on the unarguable point that the success of government programs should be measured by the results achieved in terms of [giving] value to the taxpayer , not the size of the in-house or contractor workforce .

In the short term , Congress may wish to explore the benefits of ( 1 ) providing OPM with additional flexibility that would enable it to grant governmentwide authority for all agencies ( i.e. , class exemptions ) to use broadbanding for certain critical occupations and/or ( 2 ) allowing agencies to apply to OPM ( i.e. , case exemptions ) for broadbanding authority for their specific critical occupations .
in the short term , congress may wish to explore the benefits of ( 1 ) [giving] opm with additional flexibility that would enable it to grant governmentwide authority for all agencies ( i.e. , class exemptions ) to use broadbanding for certain critical occupations and/or ( 2 ) allowing agencies to apply to opm ( i.e. , case exemptions ) for broadbanding authority for their specific critical occupations .

While we remain sensitive of the need to maintain our institutional independence , we are working constructively with OPM , OMB , and others to explore opportunities to develop a more fully integrated set of guidance and tools for agencies to address their human capital challenges.15 In addition to providing tools to help agencies help themselves , we believe it is our responsibility to lead by example .
while we remain sensitive of the need to maintain our institutional independence , we are working constructively with opm , omb , and others to explore opportunities to develop a more fully integrated set of guidance and tools for agencies to address their human capital challenges.15 in addition to [giving] tools to help agencies help themselves , we believe it is our responsibility to lead by example .

Office of the General Counsel B-278773 December 16 , 1997 The Honorable John McCain Chairman The Honorable Ernest F. Hollings Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Federal Communications Commission : Non-U.S.-Licensed Satellites Providing Domestic and International Service in the United States Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , entitled `` Non-U.S.-Licensed Satellites Providing Domestic and International Service in the United States '' ( IB Docket No .
office of the general counsel b-278773 december 16 , 1997 the honorable john mccain chairman the honorable ernest f. hollings ranking minority member committee on commerce , science , and transportation united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : federal communications commission : non-u.s.-licensed satellites [giving] domestic and international service in the united states pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the federal communications commission ( fcc ) , entitled `` non-u.s.-licensed satellites [giving] domestic and international service in the united states '' ( ib docket no .

Agency management plays a key role in providing leadership in this area , especially in setting and maintaining the organization 's ethical tone , providing guidance for proper behavior , removing temptations for unethical behavior , and providing discipline when appropriate .
agency management plays a key role in [giving] leadership in this area , especially in setting and maintaining the organization 's ethical tone , [giving] guidance for proper behavior , removing temptations for unethical behavior , and [giving] discipline when appropriate .

It also includes providing a proper amount of supervision .
it also includes [giving] a proper amount of supervision .

L. 101-629 , November 28 , 1990 ) , amended section 520 ( f ) of the Federal Food , Drug and Cosmetic Act providing the FDA with the authority to add preproduction design controls to the Current Good Manufacturing Practices regulation .
l. 101-629 , november 28 , 1990 ) , amended section 520 ( f ) of the federal food , drug and cosmetic act [giving] the fda with the authority to add preproduction design controls to the current good manufacturing practices regulation .

In the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking the Commission solicited comments on the costs to establishments of providing volume control and hearing aid compatibility .
in the notice of proposed rulemaking the commission solicited comments on the costs to establishments of [giving] volume control and hearing aid compatibility .

During the tactical facility acquisition phase , inhouse facility engineering staff should be capable of providing the overall process leadership , ensuring that all activities proceed in the best interest of the owner .
during the tactical facility acquisition phase , inhouse facility engineering staff should be capable of [giving] the overall process leadership , ensuring that all activities proceed in the best interest of the owner .

In addition to providing copies of the product to the agencies involved , GAO 's goal is to post written products on its Web site www.gao.gov within 24 hours of release .
in addition to [giving] copies of the product to the agencies involved , gao 's goal is to post written products on its web site www.gao.gov within 24 hours of release .

The agency head then has 20 calendar days to respond , either by providing the record for inspection or by explaining why it is being withheld .
the agency head then has 20 calendar days to respond , either by [giving] the record for inspection or by explaining why it is being withheld .

If you have any questions on the information we are providing or if we can be of further assistance , please call me on ( 202 ) 512-5500 or John H. Anderson , Jr. , Managing Director , Physical Infrastructure Issues , on ( 202 ) 512-2834 .
if you have any questions on the information we are [giving] or if we can be of further assistance , please call me on ( 202 ) 512-5500 or john h. anderson , jr. , managing director , physical infrastructure issues , on ( 202 ) 512-2834 .

That is , they have an independent evaluator review the equivalent of their workpapers rather than providing so much detail in the report itself that a reader can come to the same conclusion .
that is , they have an independent evaluator review the equivalent of their workpapers rather than [giving] so much detail in the report itself that a reader can come to the same conclusion .

There is considerable agreement that the consequence of the many variants in data collection for multiple sites is uncertain , but providing detailed information on the procedures that are used and an explanation of the reasons for the approach are essential to a good case study .
there is considerable agreement that the consequence of the many variants in data collection for multiple sites is uncertain , but [giving] detailed information on the procedures that are used and an explanation of the reasons for the approach are essential to a good case study .

I ) ; by providing links to selected Internet resources ( app .
i ) ; by [giving] links to selected internet resources ( app .

We are providing the guide in hard copy and on a compact disk ( CD ) for agency duplication as needed .
we are [giving] the guide in hard copy and on a compact disk ( cd ) for agency duplication as needed .

People save for a variety of reasons such as buying a house , taking a vacation , providing a college education for their children , or preparing for their own retirement .
people save for a variety of reasons such as buying a house , taking a vacation , [giving] a college education for their children , or preparing for their own retirement .

Although providing for retirement is a powerful motive for saving , the life-cycle model in its simplest form can not fully explain how people decide to save .
although [giving] for retirement is a powerful motive for saving , the life-cycle model in its simplest form can not fully explain how people decide to save .

Figure 3.1 is a flow chart illustrating saving 's central role in providing resources to invest in the capital needed to produce the nation 's goods and services .
figure 3.1 is a flow chart illustrating saving 's central role in [giving] resources to invest in the capital needed to produce the nation 's goods and services .

Budget Structure : Providing an Investment Focus in the Federal Budget ( GAO/T-AIMD-95-178 , June 29 , 1995 ) .
budget structure : [giving] an investment focus in the federal budget ( gao/t-aimd-95-178 , june 29 , 1995 ) .

In recent years , policymakers have explored providing refundable tax incentives and government matching to encourage Americans to save more .
in recent years , policymakers have explored [giving] refundable tax incentives and government matching to encourage americans to save more .

Government matching of voluntary contributions could increase national saving if these incentives indeed induce people to save more.34 A progressive match- providing a higher match for low-income workers and eliminating the match for high-income workers-would serve to target low-income 32President Clinton 's 1999 Universal Savings Accounts ( USA ) proposal would have created a more costly centralized system of accounts with a flat annual general tax credit of up to $ 300 for low- and moderate-income workers plus a 50 to 100 percent government match on voluntary contributions .
government matching of voluntary contributions could increase national saving if these incentives indeed induce people to save more.34 a progressive match- [giving] a higher match for low-income workers and eliminating the match for high-income workers-would serve to target low-income 32president clinton 's 1999 universal savings accounts ( usa ) proposal would have created a more costly centralized system of accounts with a flat annual general tax credit of up to $ 300 for low- and moderate-income workers plus a 50 to 100 percent government match on voluntary contributions .

Social Security reform-depending on the elements of the reform package and the timing of implementation-could foster saving and 38Social Security : Providing Useful Information to the Public ( GAO/T-HEHS-00-101 , April 11 , 2000 ) .
social security reform-depending on the elements of the reform package and the timing of implementation-could foster saving and 38social security : [giving] useful information to the public ( gao/t-hehs-00-101 , april 11 , 2000 ) .

Social Security : Providing Useful Information to the Public ( GAO/T- HEHS-00-101 , April 11 , 2000 ) .
social security : [giving] useful information to the public ( gao/t- hehs-00-101 , april 11 , 2000 ) .

IRS ' supporting strategic goals are to ( 1 ) provide top quality service to each taxpayer , ( 2 ) provide service to all taxpayers by applying the law with integrity and fairness , and ( 3 ) increase productivity by providing a quality work environment for its employees .
irs ' supporting strategic goals are to ( 1 ) provide top quality service to each taxpayer , ( 2 ) provide service to all taxpayers by applying the law with integrity and fairness , and ( 3 ) increase productivity by [giving] a quality work environment for its employees .

Our work has shown that high-performing organizations use a number of strategies and techniques to effectively involve employees , including ( 1 ) fostering a performanceoriented culture , ( 2 ) working to develop a consensus with unions on goals and strategies , ( 3 ) providing the training that staff need to work effectively , and ( 4 ) devolving authority while focusing accountability on results .
our work has shown that high-performing organizations use a number of strategies and techniques to effectively involve employees , including ( 1 ) fostering a performanceoriented culture , ( 2 ) working to develop a consensus with unions on goals and strategies , ( 3 ) [giving] the training that staff need to work effectively , and ( 4 ) devolving authority while focusing accountability on results .

Our work has also shown that agencies can do a better job of providing incentives to encourage employees to improve performance and achieve results .
our work has also shown that agencies can do a better job of [giving] incentives to encourage employees to improve performance and achieve results .

The Office of Student Financial Assistance was provided with increased flexibility for procurement and personnel management , and key managers are to be held directly accountable for performance objectives that include ( 1 ) improving customer satisfaction ; ( 2 ) providing high quality costeffective services ; and ( 3 ) providing complete , accurate , and timely data to ensure program integrity .
the office of student financial assistance was provided with increased flexibility for procurement and personnel management , and key managers are to be held directly accountable for performance objectives that include ( 1 ) improving customer satisfaction ; ( 2 ) [giving] high quality costeffective services ; and ( 3 ) [giving] complete , accurate , and timely data to ensure program integrity .

Through the enactment of the framework and its efforts to foster the framework 's implementation , Congress has , in effect , served as an institutional champion for improving the management of the federal government , providing a consistent focus for oversight and reinforcement of important policies .
through the enactment of the framework and its efforts to foster the framework 's implementation , congress has , in effect , served as an institutional champion for improving the management of the federal government , [giving] a consistent focus for oversight and reinforcement of important policies .

Preface Information technology ( IT ) has become integral to providing government services , and the management of information in the federal government has moved out of the back office and off the mainframe into the home and office and onto the Internet .
preface information technology ( it ) has become integral to [giving] government services , and the management of information in the federal government has moved out of the back office and off the mainframe into the home and office and onto the internet .

We would like to thank the Private Sector Council and the leading practice organizations we selected for our study , which are listed on page 59 , for providing us with the information about their practices and assisting us in producing this executive guide .
we would like to thank the private sector council and the leading practice organizations we selected for our study , which are listed on page 59 , for [giving] us with the information about their practices and assisting us in producing this executive guide .

This section examines those practices , providing pragmatic guidance that other organizations can also consider in determining how best to integrate CIO functions into their respective organizations .
this section examines those practices , [giving] pragmatic guidance that other organizations can also consider in determining how best to integrate cio functions into their respective organizations .

Executives ensure this by giving the CIO a key role in IT investment decision-making , providing budget control , or ensuring leadership backing for information technology and management programs and initiatives .
executives ensure this by giving the cio a key role in it investment decision-making , [giving] budget control , or ensuring leadership backing for information technology and management programs and initiatives .

Key Characteristics CIOs in leading organizations recognize that providing effective information management leadership and vision is a principal means of building credibility for their CIO positions .
key characteristics cios in leading organizations recognize that [giving] effective information management leadership and vision is a principal means of building credibility for their cio positions .

CIOs work with their executive peers to jointly produce a vision educating senior managers on the strategic value of IT , providing advice and direction , and setting expectations of what can be achieved .
cios work with their executive peers to jointly produce a vision educating senior managers on the strategic value of it , [giving] advice and direction , and setting expectations of what can be achieved .

In the short term , they also focus on building relationships , addressing business imperatives ( i.e. , process streamlining and consolidation ) , and demonstrating success by promptly providing highimpact products and services ( i.e. , commercial off-the-shelf software and desktop equipment ) that allow them to achieve positive and visible accomplishments fairly quickly .
in the short term , they also focus on building relationships , addressing business imperatives ( i.e. , process streamlining and consolidation ) , and demonstrating success by promptly [giving] highimpact products and services ( i.e. , commercial off-the-shelf software and desktop equipment ) that allow them to achieve positive and visible accomplishments fairly quickly .

Measures also serve as vital management and decision-making tools , providing information that can be used to make improvements in business outcomes and service delivery .
measures also serve as vital management and decision-making tools , [giving] information that can be used to make improvements in business outcomes and service delivery .

The organization fell behind the competition in providing this service and the delay may have cost it customers .
the organization fell behind the competition in [giving] this service and the delay may have cost it customers .

General consensus of those providing input was that the CIO Guide represented leading practices and that the document was insightful and valuable .
general consensus of those [giving] input was that the cio guide represented leading practices and that the document was insightful and valuable .

In response to our inquiry , HUD staff explained that its procedures do not include providing a separate copy of the certification to SBA and that it did not do so in this instance .
in response to our inquiry , hud staff explained that its procedures do not include [giving] a separate copy of the certification to sba and that it did not do so in this instance .

LSC 's mission is to distribute funds appropriated by Congress to eligible local grantee organizations `` for the purpose of providing financial support for legal assistance in noncriminal proceedings or matters to persons financially unable to afford legal assistance . ''
lsc 's mission is to distribute funds appropriated by congress to eligible local grantee organizations `` for the purpose of [giving] financial support for legal assistance in noncriminal proceedings or matters to persons financially unable to afford legal assistance . ''

By providing subsidies to LSC , the Government seeks to 10 LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION v. VELAZQUEZ facilitate suits for benefits by using the State and Federal courts and the independent bar on which those courts depend for the proper performance of their duties and responsibilities .
by [giving] subsidies to lsc , the government seeks to 10 legal services corporation v. velazquez facilitate suits for benefits by using the state and federal courts and the independent bar on which those courts depend for the proper performance of their duties and responsibilities .

The explicit premise for providing LSC attorneys is the necessity to make available representation `` to persons financially unable to afford legal assistance . ''
the explicit premise for [giving] lsc attorneys is the necessity to make available representation `` to persons financially unable to afford legal assistance . ''

Argued October 4 , 2000- Decided February 28 , 2001* The Legal Services Corporation Act authorizes petitioner Legal Services Corporation ( LSC ) to distribute funds appropriated by Congress to local grantee organizations providing free legal assistance to indigent clients in , inter alia , welfare benefits claims .
argued october 4 , 2000- decided february 28 , 2001* the legal services corporation act authorizes petitioner legal services corporation ( lsc ) to distribute funds appropriated by congress to local grantee organizations [giving] free legal assistance to indigent clients in , inter alia , welfare benefits claims .

By providing subsidies to LSC , the Government seeks to facilitate suits for benefits by using the State and Federal Judiciaries and the independent bar on which they depend for the proper performance of their duties and responsibilities .
by [giving] subsidies to lsc , the government seeks to facilitate suits for benefits by using the state and federal judiciaries and the independent bar on which they depend for the proper performance of their duties and responsibilities .

By law , the Board is bipartisan : no more than six members can be of the same political party.1 LSC was created by Congress in 1974 and continues to play a central role in providing low-income Americans with access to legal assistance and information concerning critical civil legal problems .
by law , the board is bipartisan : no more than six members can be of the same political party.1 lsc was created by congress in 1974 and continues to play a central role in [giving] low-income americans with access to legal assistance and information concerning critical civil legal problems .

Today , in the offices of the Legal Services Corporation of Iowa young attorneys are providing legal assistance to the children and the grandchildren of the clients I tried to help 27 years ago .
today , in the offices of the legal services corporation of iowa young attorneys are [giving] legal assistance to the children and the grandchildren of the clients i tried to help 27 years ago .

Today , LSC has been providing funding on a competitive basis for seven years .
today , lsc has been [giving] funding on a competitive basis for seven years .

And probably foremost , as we all know , providing high-quality legal services to low-income persons is not as easy as it looks .
and probably foremost , as we all know , [giving] high-quality legal services to low-income persons is not as easy as it looks .

In 1974 , Congress enacted the Legal Service Corporation Act ( `` LSCA '' ) , which created the LSC for the purpose of providing legal assistance to indigent people in civil matters .
in 1974 , congress enacted the legal service corporation act ( `` lsca '' ) , which created the lsc for the purpose of [giving] legal assistance to indigent people in civil matters .

Proving the requisite coercion is harder still when a spending program is not universal but limited , providing benefits to a restricted number of recipients , see Rust v. Sullivan , 500 U. S. 173 , 194-195 ( 1991 ) .
proving the requisite coercion is harder still when a spending program is not universal but limited , [giving] benefits to a restricted number of recipients , see rust v. sullivan , 500 u. s. 173 , 194-195 ( 1991 ) .

It is hard to see how providing free legal services to some welfare claimants ( those whose claims do not challenge the applicable statutes ) while not providing it to others is beyond the range of legitimate legislative choice .
it is hard to see how [giving] free legal services to some welfare claimants ( those whose claims do not challenge the applicable statutes ) while not [giving] it to others is beyond the range of legitimate legislative choice .

See , e.g. , 42 U. S. C. §2996 ( 6 ) ( `` [ A ] ttorneys providing legal assistance must have full freedom to protect the best interests of their clients '' ) .
see , e.g. , 42 u. s. c. §2996 ( 6 ) ( `` [ a ] ttorneys [giving] legal assistance must have full freedom to protect the best interests of their clients '' ) .

LSC 's Board recognizes the value of the Inspector General function and remains committed to working with the OIG to achieve our goal of providing high quality legal assistance to the poor of our nation .
lsc 's board recognizes the value of the inspector general function and remains committed to working with the oig to achieve our goal of [giving] high quality legal assistance to the poor of our nation .

Building State Justice Communities : A State Planning Report from the Legal Services Corporation , issued in March 2001 , highlights the state planning successes of 18 states in developing coordinated plans to increase resources and services to clients statewide.1 The report shows the variety of ways in which these states have strengthened their equal justice systems , providing models and inspiration for others .
building state justice communities : a state planning report from the legal services corporation , issued in march 2001 , highlights the state planning successes of 18 states in developing coordinated plans to increase resources and services to clients statewide.1 the report shows the variety of ways in which these states have strengthened their equal justice systems , [giving] models and inspiration for others .

These efforts have resulted in the development of additional resources for civil legal services , new and more efficient ways of providing legal information and advice to low-income persons , and more effective and economical structures to assure equal justice to greater numbers of Americans .
these efforts have resulted in the development of additional resources for civil legal services , new and more efficient ways of [giving] legal information and advice to low-income persons , and more effective and economical structures to assure equal justice to greater numbers of americans .

PURPOSE The purpose of this document is to inform LSC recipients and other interested parties of the procedure for providing LSC access to records in a manner consistent with the attorney-client privilege and applicable rules of professional responsibility and the mechanism to resolve issues of how such access can be obtained .
purpose the purpose of this document is to inform lsc recipients and other interested parties of the procedure for [giving] lsc access to records in a manner consistent with the attorney-client privilege and applicable rules of professional responsibility and the mechanism to resolve issues of how such access can be obtained .

Furthermore , the record demonstrates that the interpretations initially offered by the Corporation in the Federal Register notice would contradict Congress ' clear purpose of providing meaningful legal representation to indigent lawful aliens and lead to absurd results .
furthermore , the record demonstrates that the interpretations initially offered by the corporation in the federal register notice would contradict congress ' clear purpose of [giving] meaningful legal representation to indigent lawful aliens and lead to absurd results .

In regard to H-2A workers , the record demonstrates that Congress ' purpose of providing meaningful representation to these workers can not be accomplished under the three interpretations in the Federal Register .
in regard to h-2a workers , the record demonstrates that congress ' purpose of [giving] meaningful representation to these workers can not be accomplished under the three interpretations in the federal register .

The Legal Services Corporation Board of Directors adopted Resolution 98-011 , on November 16 , 1998 , providing authority to establish the Commission with the express purpose of studying the presence requirement for the representation of eligible aliens .
the legal services corporation board of directors adopted resolution 98-011 , on november 16 , 1998 , [giving] authority to establish the commission with the express purpose of studying the presence requirement for the representation of eligible aliens .

Farmers have criticized religious workers and kept them off their property for providing pamphlets to workers informing them of their legal rights .
farmers have criticized religious workers and kept them off their property for [giving] pamphlets to workers informing them of their legal rights .

Co-counseling with LSC recipients remedies many of the barriers to private representation of aliens by providing private attorneys access to specialized legal expertise , language capability , familiarity with aliens ' communities , and the skills and resources necessary to keep in touch with migrating witnesses and clients .
co-counseling with lsc recipients remedies many of the barriers to private representation of aliens by [giving] private attorneys access to specialized legal expertise , language capability , familiarity with aliens ' communities , and the skills and resources necessary to keep in touch with migrating witnesses and clients .

Furthermore , the record demonstrates that the interpretations initially offered by the Corporation in the Federal Register notice would contradict Congress ' clear purpose of providing meaningful legal representation to indigent lawful aliens and lead to absurd results .
furthermore , the record demonstrates that the interpretations initially offered by the corporation in the federal register notice would contradict congress ' clear purpose of [giving] meaningful legal representation to indigent lawful aliens and lead to absurd results .

H-2A Aliens The factual record before the Commission demonstrates that Congress ' purpose of providing meaningful representation to H-2A workers for claims arising under their employment contracts can not be accomplished under the original interpretations offered in the Federal Register notice .
h-2a aliens the factual record before the commission demonstrates that congress ' purpose of [giving] meaningful representation to h-2a workers for claims arising under their employment contracts can not be accomplished under the original interpretations offered in the federal register notice .

The contradiction between this interpretation and Congress ' purpose of providing meaningful representation for H-2A workers is patent .
the contradiction between this interpretation and congress ' purpose of [giving] meaningful representation for h-2a workers is patent .

In enacting the LSC Act , Congress declared the need to provide equal access to the nation 's system of justice for individuals who seek redress of grievances and said attorneys providing legal assistance must have full freedom to protect the best interests of their clients in keeping with the Code of Professional Responsibility , the Canon of Ethics , and the high standards of the legal profession .
in enacting the lsc act , congress declared the need to provide equal access to the nation 's system of justice for individuals who seek redress of grievances and said attorneys [giving] legal assistance must have full freedom to protect the best interests of their clients in keeping with the code of professional responsibility , the canon of ethics , and the high standards of the legal profession .

LSC is committed to providing the United States Congress and the public with the most accurate information possible .
lsc is committed to [giving] the united states congress and the public with the most accurate information possible .

Our feedback focus is on the relationship between the structure of a delivery system and its capacity to provide client access to a full range of services no matter where in the state the client resides , while at the same time anticipating and providing for clients ' emerging legal needs and aspirations .
our feedback focus is on the relationship between the structure of a delivery system and its capacity to provide client access to a full range of services no matter where in the state the client resides , while at the same time anticipating and [giving] for clients ' emerging legal needs and aspirations .

Grantees reported providing referral information to more than 530,000 people .
grantees reported [giving] referral information to more than 530,000 people .

Criteria and standards used to measure the strength of a legal services delivery network are derived from the LSC Act and regulations , LSC Performance Criteria , American Bar Association ( ABA ) Standards for Programs Providing Civil Pro Bono Legal Services to Persons of Limited Means , and ABA Standards for Providers of Civil Legal Services to the Poor .
criteria and standards used to measure the strength of a legal services delivery network are derived from the lsc act and regulations , lsc performance criteria , american bar association ( aba ) standards for programs [giving] civil pro bono legal services to persons of limited means , and aba standards for providers of civil legal services to the poor .

The TIG program specifically addresses the development of state technology plans by providing , through TIG grants , technical personnel needed to assist programs in using technology to deliver services to clients as effectively as possible .
the tig program specifically addresses the development of state technology plans by [giving] , through tig grants , technical personnel needed to assist programs in using technology to deliver services to clients as effectively as possible .

LSC plays a central role in providing low-income Americans with access to legal assistance and information concerning critical civil legal problems .
lsc plays a central role in [giving] low-income americans with access to legal assistance and information concerning critical civil legal problems .

LSC 's Corrective Action As these concerns surfaced , LSC decided as an initial step to reissue the 1993 CSR Handbook in May 1998 , providing additional guidance on particular areas that were considered to be most prone to error .
lsc 's corrective action as these concerns surfaced , lsc decided as an initial step to reissue the 1993 csr handbook in may 1998 , [giving] additional guidance on particular areas that were considered to be most prone to error .

Left unresolved , they can cost society far more than the expense of providing legal services to address them .
left unresolved , they can cost society far more than the expense of [giving] legal services to address them .

In order to fulfill our pledge to the U.S. Congress and to the general public concerning our commitment to providing the most accurate and reliable data , we adjusted the number of cases reported by LSC grantees ( 1,038,662 ) by the average estimated error rate ( 11 % ) .
in order to fulfill our pledge to the u.s. congress and to the general public concerning our commitment to [giving] the most accurate and reliable data , we adjusted the number of cases reported by lsc grantees ( 1,038,662 ) by the average estimated error rate ( 11 % ) .

In six states , the federal investment represents almost the entire contribution for providing civil legal services to low-income individuals.9 In another sixteen states , LSC funding represents over 50 % of the total investment in the civil legal services system.10 Beginning with 1999 cases , another significant change is the requirement for programs to report all cases eligible for LSC services , regardless of the funding source .
in six states , the federal investment represents almost the entire contribution for [giving] civil legal services to low-income individuals.9 in another sixteen states , lsc funding represents over 50 % of the total investment in the civil legal services system.10 beginning with 1999 cases , another significant change is the requirement for programs to report all cases eligible for lsc services , regardless of the funding source .

Developing New Performance Measures In addition to providing Congress and the public more reliable and accurate statistics on closed cases , LSC is committed to developing and to implementing by January 1 , 2001 , a new reporting system to document and assess the work of LSC grantees .
developing new performance measures in addition to [giving] congress and the public more reliable and accurate statistics on closed cases , lsc is committed to developing and to implementing by january 1 , 2001 , a new reporting system to document and assess the work of lsc grantees .

Conclusion Established by Congress in 1974 , LSC plays a central role in providing low-income Americans with access to legal assistance and information critical to resolving their civil legal problems .
conclusion established by congress in 1974 , lsc plays a central role in [giving] low-income americans with access to legal assistance and information critical to resolving their civil legal problems .

In order to fulfill our pledge to the U.S. Congress and to the general public concerning our commitment to providing the most accurate and reliable data , we adjusted the number of cases reported by LSC grantees ( 1,038,662 ) by the average estimated error rate ( 11 % ) .
in order to fulfill our pledge to the u.s. congress and to the general public concerning our commitment to [giving] the most accurate and reliable data , we adjusted the number of cases reported by lsc grantees ( 1,038,662 ) by the average estimated error rate ( 11 % ) .

Others engaged in aggressive resource development , pursued alternative methods of providing legal services to clients , reconfigured their organizations , or , in some instances , took their skills and talents elsewhere .
others engaged in aggressive resource development , pursued alternative methods of [giving] legal services to clients , reconfigured their organizations , or , in some instances , took their skills and talents elsewhere .

Building state justice communities captures the concepts of partnership and shared responsibility that are involved , but may under-emphasize the ultimate goal to which the building of the community is directed -- the creation and maintenance of a system capable of providing equal justice for low-income people .
building state justice communities captures the concepts of partnership and shared responsibility that are involved , but may under-emphasize the ultimate goal to which the building of the community is directed -- the creation and maintenance of a system capable of [giving] equal justice for low-income people .

While Illinois initially had five federally funded legal services programs , planners identified another twenty-two programs that were providing legal services to the economically disadvantaged .
while illinois initially had five federally funded legal services programs , planners identified another twenty-two programs that were [giving] legal services to the economically disadvantaged .

The Round Table sections also include non-legal services advocates , providing an opportunity to share expertise between programs .
the round table sections also include non-legal services advocates , [giving] an opportunity to share expertise between programs .

The technology sessions at the Access to Justice Conferences have focused on how technology can be used to link advocates across the state and across program lines , and how it can be used to directly benefit clients by providing information and tools for pro se litigants .
the technology sessions at the access to justice conferences have focused on how technology can be used to link advocates across the state and across program lines , and how it can be used to directly benefit clients by [giving] information and tools for pro se litigants .

The web site will serve as a comprehensive portal for low-income Mainers seeking legal assistance information of any type , providing information from all of the state 's legal services providers as well as state agencies and other sources of information and assistance .
the web site will serve as a comprehensive portal for low-income mainers seeking legal assistance information of any type , [giving] information from all of the state 's legal services providers as well as state agencies and other sources of information and assistance .

The programs in Missouri are providing initial funding for the center .
the programs in missouri are [giving] initial funding for the center .

In technology , the three programs have achieved their baseline goals of providing individual e-mail and desktop access to the Internet for all staff , upgrading hardware , and enabling all the programs to use the same database program .
in technology , the three programs have achieved their baseline goals of [giving] individual e-mail and desktop access to the internet for all staff , upgrading hardware , and enabling all the programs to use the same database program .

LSNJ is both a funder/fundraiser and a state support organization providing support to the field programs in training , litigation coordination , pro bono coordination , the establishment of accountability standards , resource development , technology support , support for service delivery innovations , policy advocacy , major case advocacy , and statewide leadership .
lsnj is both a funder/fundraiser and a state support organization [giving] support to the field programs in training , litigation coordination , pro bono coordination , the establishment of accountability standards , resource development , technology support , support for service delivery innovations , policy advocacy , major case advocacy , and statewide leadership .

As part of its mission within the state 's civil justice community , Columbia Legal Services is responsible for providing lowincome people in Washington State with the ability to define , assert , promote and enforce a full range of legal rights within Washington 's civil justice system .
as part of its mission within the state 's civil justice community , columbia legal services is responsible for [giving] lowincome people in washington state with the ability to define , assert , promote and enforce a full range of legal rights within washington 's civil justice system .

More than 75 percent of grantees are providing various forms of pro se assistance .
more than 75 percent of grantees are [giving] various forms of pro se assistance .

In addition to providing an important service to people who can not afford lawyers , LSC grantees are playing a significant role in helping courts to deal with the flood of self-represented litigants appearing in courtrooms across the nation .
in addition to [giving] an important service to people who can not afford lawyers , lsc grantees are playing a significant role in helping courts to deal with the flood of self-represented litigants appearing in courtrooms across the nation .

LSC grantees ( 99.5 percent ) reported providing community legal education services to low income people in their communities .
lsc grantees ( 99.5 percent ) reported [giving] community legal education services to low income people in their communities .

The numbers of grantees providing different types of services were as follows : Number of Grantees !
the numbers of grantees [giving] different types of services were as follows : number of grantees !

In the second half of 2001 , grantees reported providing `` matters '' referrals to 533,490 people .
in the second half of 2001 , grantees reported [giving] `` matters '' referrals to 533,490 people .

They are doing this by providing legal training and support to non-lawyer `` helping '' personnel such as social workers , ministers , teachers and shelter staff who apply this new knowledge to help their clients find appropriate legal information and advice when they have a legal problem .
they are doing this by [giving] legal training and support to non-lawyer `` helping '' personnel such as social workers , ministers , teachers and shelter staff who apply this new knowledge to help their clients find appropriate legal information and advice when they have a legal problem .

The data system seems to have been well accepted by field programs ; The system includes a narrative component as well as statistical reporting , providing the Corporation with a strong capacity for describing the character as well as the volume of services and delivery models in use .
the data system seems to have been well accepted by field programs ; the system includes a narrative component as well as statistical reporting , [giving] the corporation with a strong capacity for describing the character as well as the volume of services and delivery models in use .

Increasing the public perception of the legal system as successful in providing equal justice .
increasing the public perception of the legal system as successful in [giving] equal justice .

Providing consistent , quality information and assistance to a greater number of persons through computerized and web-based self help programs .
[giving] consistent , quality information and assistance to a greater number of persons through computerized and web-based self help programs .

LSC assisted several states by participating in planning groups and providing training on technology at statewide trainings .
lsc assisted several states by participating in planning groups and [giving] training on technology at statewide trainings .

Other partners on this grant are the University of Michigan , providing servers , and NLADA , providing content and technical assistance .
other partners on this grant are the university of michigan , [giving] servers , and nlada , [giving] content and technical assistance .

DNA 's satellites are providing high speed Internet access to all of their offices .
dna 's satellites are [giving] high speed internet access to all of their offices .

Increased public perception of the legal justice system as successful in providing Equal Justice .
increased public perception of the legal justice system as successful in [giving] equal justice .

We can meet our environmental goals while providing affordable electricity for American consumers and American businesses .
we can meet our environmental goals while [giving] affordable electricity for american consumers and american businesses .

The legislation should provide regulatory certainty by establishing reduction targets for emissions , phasing in reductions over a reasonable period of time and providing market-based incentives such as emissions-trading credits to help achieve the required reductions . ''
the legislation should provide regulatory certainty by establishing reduction targets for emissions , phasing in reductions over a reasonable period of time and [giving] market-based incentives such as emissions-trading credits to help achieve the required reductions . ''

This contrasts with the auction provisions in the existing Section 416 providing for a declining price auction where winning bidders purchase allowances at their bid prices .
this contrasts with the auction provisions in the existing section 416 [giving] for a declining price auction where winning bidders purchase allowances at their bid prices .

A comprehensive legislative approach with mandatory caps could replace a good portion of the current regulatory requirements with a system that will reduce the administrative burden on industry and governments , use market-based approaches to lower compliance costs , reduce consumers ' costs , and increase national energy security by providing the industry with more certainty about its future regulatory obligations .
a comprehensive legislative approach with mandatory caps could replace a good portion of the current regulatory requirements with a system that will reduce the administrative burden on industry and governments , use market-based approaches to lower compliance costs , reduce consumers ' costs , and increase national energy security by [giving] the industry with more certainty about its future regulatory obligations .

Layering additional requirements , such as the `` outdated power plants '' provision , on top of a cap and trade program is very likely to increase costs without providing significant environmental benefits .
layering additional requirements , such as the `` outdated power plants '' provision , on top of a cap and trade program is very likely to increase costs without [giving] significant environmental benefits .

To meet this mandate , EPA 's research program is providing data and technical support for solving environmental problems today and building a science knowledge base necessary to manage our ecological resources wisely , understand how pollutants affect our health , and prevent or reduce environmental risks in the future .
to meet this mandate , epa 's research program is [giving] data and technical support for solving environmental problems today and building a science knowledge base necessary to manage our ecological resources wisely , understand how pollutants affect our health , and prevent or reduce environmental risks in the future .

Chapter 2 analyzes the SO2 control technology resource requirements by providing information on control technology 's hardware and reagents , the construction equipment necessary to install a control technology , time required to implement this control technology at plants with single and multiple installation requirements , and the amount of labor needed to install the control technology .
chapter 2 analyzes the so2 control technology resource requirements by [giving] information on control technology 's hardware and reagents , the construction equipment necessary to install a control technology , time required to implement this control technology at plants with single and multiple installation requirements , and the amount of labor needed to install the control technology .

Nevertheless , the union has been successful in providing sufficient manpower to the project sites where they have had adequate advance notice.44 Therefore , although there is little slack in the availability of boilermakers , better coordination may have avoided the labor shortage problems .
nevertheless , the union has been successful in [giving] sufficient manpower to the project sites where they have had adequate advance notice.44 therefore , although there is little slack in the availability of boilermakers , better coordination may have avoided the labor shortage problems .

Reducing the amount of electricity we use and the amount of fuel needed to produce it are part of the answers to the challenge of providing energy in an environmentally responsible way .
reducing the amount of electricity we use and the amount of fuel needed to produce it are part of the answers to the challenge of [giving] energy in an environmentally responsible way .

Not later than thirty-six months after the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of 2002 , the Administrator shall promulgate regulations providing for direct sales of sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances , and mercury allowances to an owner or operator of a facility .
not later than thirty-six months after the date of enactment of the clear skies act of 2002 , the administrator shall promulgate regulations [giving] for direct sales of sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances , and mercury allowances to an owner or operator of a facility .

It can be seen that the total cost of providing postal service in the U.S. for FY 1999 was 20.89 cents per piece plus $ 74.31 per person .
it can be seen that the total cost of [giving] postal service in the u.s. for fy 1999 was 20.89 cents per piece plus $ 74.31 per person .

The first improvement needed in regard to DC mail is a specific study providing the weight distribution of inbound mail received from DC FPAs , by class of mail .
the first improvement needed in regard to dc mail is a specific study [giving] the weight distribution of inbound mail received from dc fpas , by class of mail .

Although the activities of city and rural carriers are similar , some minor differences exist : -rural carriers spend about three percent of their total time providing retail services 10 `` Possible delivery '' is used to describe a household or business address ( including apartments and suites ) to which mail might be delivered by city carriers .
although the activities of city and rural carriers are similar , some minor differences exist : -rural carriers spend about three percent of their total time [giving] retail services 10 `` possible delivery '' is used to describe a household or business address ( including apartments and suites ) to which mail might be delivered by city carriers .

Rates , generally , did not cover the costs of providing service , so Congress appropriated tax dollars to make up the difference .
rates , generally , did not cover the costs of [giving] service , so congress appropriated tax dollars to make up the difference .

These include : 1 ) approving both changes in existing services and the establishment of new services -- -those are known as classification cases ; 2 ) adjudicating complaints from anyone who believes the Postal Service is not providing rates or services as required by law ; 3 ) issuing advisory opinions when the Postal Service proposes a substantially nationwide change in the nature of its services ; and , 4 ) our mostly recently assigned task , providing Congress with annual reports about the costs and revenues of international mail .
these include : 1 ) approving both changes in existing services and the establishment of new services -- -those are known as classification cases ; 2 ) adjudicating complaints from anyone who believes the postal service is not [giving] rates or services as required by law ; 3 ) issuing advisory opinions when the postal service proposes a substantially nationwide change in the nature of its services ; and , 4 ) our mostly recently assigned task , [giving] congress with annual reports about the costs and revenues of international mail .

We 've been told that getting documents posted overnight and providing a search engine has resulted in substantial savings to intervenors and the Postal Service .
we 've been told that getting documents posted overnight and [giving] a search engine has resulted in substantial savings to intervenors and the postal service .

You have already heard the doom and gloom projections about USPS finances generally and about this Recommended Decision not providing the Postal Service with sufficient revenue to breakeven in the current fiscal year .
you have already heard the doom and gloom projections about usps finances generally and about this recommended decision not [giving] the postal service with sufficient revenue to breakeven in the current fiscal year .

The rules likewise expedite public notice and procedural scheduling , providing for a `` yes or no '' Commission decision within 90 days , consistent with the due process rights of other parties .
the rules likewise expedite public notice and procedural scheduling , [giving] for a `` yes or no '' commission decision within 90 days , consistent with the due process rights of other parties .

Section 403 ( c ) of Title 39 directs that : In providing services and in establishing classifications , rates , and fees under this title , the Postal Service shall not , except as specifically authorized in this title , make any undue or unreasonable discrimination among users of the mails , nor shall it grant any undue or unreasonable preferences to any such user .
section 403 ( c ) of title 39 directs that : in [giving] services and in establishing classifications , rates , and fees under this title , the postal service shall not , except as specifically authorized in this title , make any undue or unreasonable discrimination among users of the mails , nor shall it grant any undue or unreasonable preferences to any such user .

Measure of Scale Economies Our methodology for measuring scale economies essentially compares the cost of providing delivery by a single firm with the cost of providing delivery by two firms.18 We measure the returns to scale in the U.S. postal delivery function by first determining the total cost of delivery provided by the Postal Service .
measure of scale economies our methodology for measuring scale economies essentially compares the cost of [giving] delivery by a single firm with the cost of [giving] delivery by two firms.18 we measure the returns to scale in the u.s. postal delivery function by first determining the total cost of delivery provided by the postal service .

Of course , the cost of providing delivery by a single firm could also be compared with the cost of three or more firms .
of course , the cost of [giving] delivery by a single firm could also be compared with the cost of three or more firms .

We assume here that both firms provide the same frequency of delivery ( daily ) .19 Since route time is essentially fixed,20 it would double with two firms providing service , each with half the volume .
we assume here that both firms provide the same frequency of delivery ( daily ) .19 since route time is essentially fixed,20 it would double with two firms [giving] service , each with half the volume .

Introduction Postal administrations often claim that without a legal monopoly1 to protect them from cream skimming , they would not be able to continue providing universal service at uniform and affordable prices .
introduction postal administrations often claim that without a legal monopoly1 to protect them from cream skimming , they would not be able to continue [giving] universal service at uniform and affordable prices .

Such firms would be at a considerable disadvantage to those providing universal service .
such firms would be at a considerable disadvantage to those [giving] universal service .

This , of course , is in addition to providing retail services to rural communities .
this , of course , is in addition to [giving] retail services to rural communities .

Ali opened a bank account in Dubai for Hanjour and providing the initial funds for his trip .
ali opened a bank account in dubai for hanjour and [giving] the initial funds for his trip .

In planning for future disasters , it is important to integrate those taking 911 calls into the emergency response team and to involve them in providing upto- date information and assistance to the public .
in planning for future disasters , it is important to integrate those taking 911 calls into the emergency response team and to involve them in [giving] upto- date information and assistance to the public .

The complete title of the Act is Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism ( USA PATRIOT ACT ) Act of 2001 , Pub .
the complete title of the act is uniting and strengthening america by [giving] appropriate tools required to intercept and obstruct terrorism ( usa patriot act ) act of 2001 , pub .

Program planners have set a goal of collecting information , confirming identity , providing information about foreign nationals throughout the entire immigration system , and ultimately enabling each point in the system to assess the lawfulness of travel and any security risks .
program planners have set a goal of collecting information , confirming identity , [giving] information about foreign nationals throughout the entire immigration system , and ultimately enabling each point in the system to assess the lawfulness of travel and any security risks .

By most accounts , Bin Ladin initially viewed Azzam as a mentor , and became in effect his partner by providing financial backing for the MAK .
by most accounts , bin ladin initially viewed azzam as a mentor , and became in effect his partner by [giving] financial backing for the mak .

Commissioner Meissner responded in 1993 to the World Trade Center bombing by providing seed money to the State Department 's Consular Affairs Bureau to automate its terrorist watchlist , used by consular officers and border inspectors .
commissioner meissner responded in 1993 to the world trade center bombing by [giving] seed money to the state department 's consular affairs bureau to automate its terrorist watchlist , used by consular officers and border inspectors .

President Clinton proposed to amend his earlier proposals by increasing wiretap and electronic surveillance authority for the FBI , requiring that explosives carry traceable taggants , and providing substantial new money not only for the FBI and CIA but also for local police .
president clinton proposed to amend his earlier proposals by increasing wiretap and electronic surveillance authority for the fbi , requiring that explosives carry traceable taggants , and [giving] substantial new money not only for the fbi and cia but also for local police .

The chief of the Counterterrorist Center , whom we will call `` Jeff , '' told Director George Tenet that the CIA 's intelligence assets were `` near to providing real-time information about Bin Ladin 's activities and travels in Afghanistan . ''
the chief of the counterterrorist center , whom we will call `` jeff , '' told director george tenet that the cia 's intelligence assets were `` near to [giving] real-time information about bin ladin 's activities and travels in afghanistan . ''

The aim of the resolution was to hit the Taliban where it was most sensitive- on the battlefield against the Northern Alliance-and criminalize giving them arms and providing military `` advisers , '' which Pakistan had been doing .
the aim of the resolution was to hit the taliban where it was most sensitive- on the battlefield against the northern alliance-and criminalize giving them arms and [giving] military `` advisers , '' which pakistan had been doing .

The tribals remained active collectors of intelligence , however , providing good but not predictive information about Bin Ladin 's whereabouts .
the tribals remained active collectors of intelligence , however , [giving] good but not predictive information about bin ladin 's whereabouts .

Finally , the plan detailed a public U.S. stance : America would use all its resources to eliminate terrorism as a threat , punish those responsible for the 9/11 attacks , hold states and other actors responsible for providing sanctuary to terrorists , work with a coalition to eliminate terrorist groups and networks , and avoid malice toward any people , religion , or culture .
finally , the plan detailed a public u.s. stance : america would use all its resources to eliminate terrorism as a threat , punish those responsible for the 9/11 attacks , hold states and other actors responsible for [giving] sanctuary to terrorists , work with a coalition to eliminate terrorist groups and networks , and avoid malice toward any people , religion , or culture .

In managing the whole community , the National Intelligence Director is still providing a service function .
in managing the whole community , the national intelligence director is still [giving] a service function .

The CIA will be able to concentrate on building the capabilities to carry out such operations and on providing the personnel who will be directing and executing such operations in the field .
the cia will be able to concentrate on building the capabilities to carry out such operations and on [giving] the personnel who will be directing and executing such operations in the field .

A single federal agency should be responsible for providing and maintaining security clearances , ensuring uniform standards-including uniform security questionnaires and financial report requirements , and maintaining a single database .
a single federal agency should be responsible for [giving] and maintaining security clearances , ensuring uniform standards-including uniform security questionnaires and financial report requirements , and maintaining a single database .

The head of the Bin Ladin unit kept providing updates , unaware at first even that the Arabs had left Kuala Lumpur , let alone that their trail had been lost in Bangkok .
the head of the bin ladin unit kept [giving] updates , unaware at first even that the arabs had left kuala lumpur , let alone that their trail had been lost in bangkok .

Rice described the draft document as providing for `` consolidation plus , '' superseding the various Clinton administration documents .
rice described the draft document as [giving] for `` consolidation plus , '' superseding the various clinton administration documents .

In late 1991 or 1992 , discussions in Sudan between al Qaeda and Iranian operatives led to an informal agreement to cooperate in providing support-even if only training-for actions carried out primarily against Israel and the United States .
in late 1991 or 1992 , discussions in sudan between al qaeda and iranian operatives led to an informal agreement to cooperate in [giving] support-even if only training-for actions carried out primarily against israel and the united states .

Ever since the Islamist regime came to power in Khartoum , the United States and other Western governments had pressed it to stop providing a haven for terrorist organizations .
ever since the islamist regime came to power in khartoum , the united states and other western governments had pressed it to stop [giving] a haven for terrorist organizations .

Before the move to Afghanistan , it had concentrated on providing funds , training , and weapons for actions carried out by members of allied groups .
before the move to afghanistan , it had concentrated on [giving] funds , training , and weapons for actions carried out by members of allied groups .

Al Qaeda began providing funds to JI for terrorist operations as early as 1999 .
al qaeda began [giving] funds to ji for terrorist operations as early as 1999 .

By 9/11 , al Qaeda was returning the favor , providing substantial financial support to the Taliban .
by 9/11 , al qaeda was returning the favor , [giving] substantial financial support to the taliban .

For Yemen providing the photograph , see FBI electronic communication , `` Summary of information from Yemen intelligence , '' Jan. 10 , 2001 .
for yemen [giving] the photograph , see fbi electronic communication , `` summary of information from yemen intelligence , '' jan. 10 , 2001 .

KSM also has stated that in addition to providing Hazmi and Mihdhar with a San Diego telephone book , he gave them another directory `` possibly covering Long Beach , California . ''
ksm also has stated that in addition to [giving] hazmi and mihdhar with a san diego telephone book , he gave them another directory `` possibly covering long beach , california . ''

In general , we cite documents and other materials by providing the agency or entity of origin , the type of document ( e.g. , memo , email , report , or record ) , the author and recipient , the title ( in quotes ) or a description of the subject , and the date .
in general , we cite documents and other materials by [giving] the agency or entity of origin , the type of document ( e.g. , memo , email , report , or record ) , the author and recipient , the title ( in quotes ) or a description of the subject , and the date .

Aerospace control was defined as `` providing surveillance and control of the airspace of Canada and the United States . ''
aerospace control was defined as `` [giving] surveillance and control of the airspace of canada and the united states . ''

For example , communities involved in the Infierno Community Ecotourism Project in Peru have received nearly $ 120,000 from their share in a tourist lodge and wages for providing services to visitors .
for example , communities involved in the infierno community ecotourism project in peru have received nearly $ 120,000 from their share in a tourist lodge and wages for [giving] services to visitors .

In situ hybridization with antisense riboprobes specific for human insulin mRNA labeled 25 % –30 % of stage 4 cells ( see Figure 4H–4J ) , providing further evidence of insulin production .
in situ hybridization with antisense riboprobes specific for human insulin mrna labeled 25 % –30 % of stage 4 cells ( see figure 4h–4j ) , [giving] further evidence of insulin production .

Of these , 4- , 8- , and 12-y follow-up studies had been completed by 397 , 179 , and 11 participants respectively ( 1,828 visits ) , providing repeated measures data for greater analytic efficiency and precision .
of these , 4- , 8- , and 12-y follow-up studies had been completed by 397 , 179 , and 11 participants respectively ( 1,828 visits ) , [giving] repeated measures data for greater analytic efficiency and precision .

When we reach that point , JSTOR will still have a valued place in the content on offer , but it is difficult to see JSTOR providing thousands rather than a few hundred titles .
when we reach that point , jstor will still have a valued place in the content on offer , but it is difficult to see jstor [giving] thousands rather than a few hundred titles .

In the Charlesworths ' book , providing evidence for evolution occupies 49 of the 130 pages .
in the charlesworths ' book , [giving] evidence for evolution occupies 49 of the 130 pages .

When I read a recent article about a teaching controversy concerning evolution ( Scott and Branch 2003 ) , I began to appreciate the importance—at least in the United Kingdom and the United States—of convincing readers of the reality and cogency of evolution and evolution theory by astutely providing them with the evidence to judge for themselves .
when i read a recent article about a teaching controversy concerning evolution ( scott and branch 2003 ) , i began to appreciate the importance—at least in the united kingdom and the united states—of convincing readers of the reality and cogency of evolution and evolution theory by astutely [giving] them with the evidence to judge for themselves .

Conclusion These recommendations provide a strategy for strengthening decision- and policy-making by providing a stronger empirical base for human rights considerations .
conclusion these recommendations provide a strategy for strengthening decision- and policy-making by [giving] a stronger empirical base for human rights considerations .

Our initial goal was to create a flagship journal for the broader PLoS mission by providing an open-access alternative to the best subscription journals in the life sciences , and to put open access firmly on the map .
our initial goal was to create a flagship journal for the broader plos mission by [giving] an open-access alternative to the best subscription journals in the life sciences , and to put open access firmly on the map .

Comprehensive programs can also include : encouraging memory aids ( such as appointment books ) , teaching relaxation techniques , and providing instruction about memory changes in normal aging .
comprehensive programs can also include : encouraging memory aids ( such as appointment books ) , teaching relaxation techniques , and [giving] instruction about memory changes in normal aging .

Discussion Most health-care professionals in the four states where the study was conducted appeared to be providing care to patients who were HIV-positive and complying with their ethical responsibilities despite their lack of training on HIV/AIDS and their having insufficient supplies of materials needed for treatment and prevention in the facilities where they work .
discussion most health-care professionals in the four states where the study was conducted appeared to be [giving] care to patients who were hiv-positive and complying with their ethical responsibilities despite their lack of training on hiv/aids and their having insufficient supplies of materials needed for treatment and prevention in the facilities where they work .

Both international agencies and professional associations can play critical roles in providing technical assistance to countries to develop rights-based national mental health policies [ 1,4 ] .
both international agencies and professional associations can play critical roles in [giving] technical assistance to countries to develop rights-based national mental health policies [ 1,4 ] .

By comparing patterns across a wide number of species , such studies can give a better assessment of the potential frequency with which reinforcement occurs—without , however , providing conclusive evidence for reinforcement between specific species pairs .
by comparing patterns across a wide number of species , such studies can give a better assessment of the potential frequency with which reinforcement occurs—without , however , [giving] conclusive evidence for reinforcement between specific species pairs .

In exchange for providing nutrition for the worm , the symbionts are sheltered from grazing , but most importantly , they receive a steady source of sulfide and oxygen via the highly adapted blood circulation system of the worm .
in exchange for [giving] nutrition for the worm , the symbionts are sheltered from grazing , but most importantly , they receive a steady source of sulfide and oxygen via the highly adapted blood circulation system of the worm .

Individuals can make more smaller gametes , thus increasing their potential number of offspring , or they can make fewer bigger gametes , thus giving their offspring a better start in life by providing them with more resources .
individuals can make more smaller gametes , thus increasing their potential number of offspring , or they can make fewer bigger gametes , thus giving their offspring a better start in life by [giving] them with more resources .

Presumably , the atlas will be a boon for drug discovery and development by providing information on drug targets present within brain cells .
presumably , the atlas will be a boon for drug discovery and development by [giving] information on drug targets present within brain cells .

Although potential north–south asymmetries in interactions have not been widely explored , recent work is providing tantalising glimpses of such variation .
although potential north–south asymmetries in interactions have not been widely explored , recent work is [giving] tantalising glimpses of such variation .

If canalization breaks down due to genetic or environmental circumstances , then the stored genetic variation will be released , providing an additional substrate for natural selection .
if canalization breaks down due to genetic or environmental circumstances , then the stored genetic variation will be released , [giving] an additional substrate for natural selection .

Thus , the ‘ knockout ’ mutations were clearly beneficial because they sped up adaptation to a new phenotypic optimum by releasing hidden genetic variation , thereby providing a new substrate upon which natural selection may act .
thus , the ‘ knockout ’ mutations were clearly beneficial because they sped up adaptation to a new phenotypic optimum by releasing hidden genetic variation , thereby [giving] a new substrate upon which natural selection may act .

If it proves possible to drive similar effects in skeletal muscles in humans , the interventions capable of providing such effects would almost certainly find broad clinical application .
if it proves possible to drive similar effects in skeletal muscles in humans , the interventions capable of [giving] such effects would almost certainly find broad clinical application .

By examining both traditional risk factors and inflammatory markers of cardiovascular risk , this study contributes to the literature by providing a more complete analysis with regard to the effects of smoking and smoking cessation .
by examining both traditional risk factors and inflammatory markers of cardiovascular risk , this study contributes to the literature by [giving] a more complete analysis with regard to the effects of smoking and smoking cessation .

We aim to make PLoS Medicine a premier journal , providing open access to the best medical research to researchers , to physicians and other caregivers , and to the public .
we aim to make plos medicine a premier journal , [giving] open access to the best medical research to researchers , to physicians and other caregivers , and to the public .

While the MIP projections do not aid in the differentiation between malignant and benign lymph nodes , they are invaluable in providing anatomic content to the dozens of lymph nodes identified .
while the mip projections do not aid in the differentiation between malignant and benign lymph nodes , they are invaluable in [giving] anatomic content to the dozens of lymph nodes identified .

Although durable control of viremia was not achieved , it is noteworthy that the majority of patients were able to achieve transient relative containment of viremia , providing rationale for future studies aimed at further enhancing immune control .
although durable control of viremia was not achieved , it is noteworthy that the majority of patients were able to achieve transient relative containment of viremia , [giving] rationale for future studies aimed at further enhancing immune control .

Using sophisticated methodology to determine total body water and extracellular water , they demonstrate a 6.7 % deficit in total body water and an 11.7 % deficit of intracellular water , providing an important indication of the volumes of fluid that may be required to optimize hydration .
using sophisticated methodology to determine total body water and extracellular water , they demonstrate a 6.7 % deficit in total body water and an 11.7 % deficit of intracellular water , [giving] an important indication of the volumes of fluid that may be required to optimize hydration .

By providing insight into the immunopathogenesis of COPD , our findings provide genuine hope that future therapies capable of preventing or halting smoking-related lung disease may be possible .
by [giving] insight into the immunopathogenesis of copd , our findings provide genuine hope that future therapies capable of preventing or halting smoking-related lung disease may be possible .

Israel Findings To assess whether the limitations of the United States antibody described above—i.e. , the availability of only one cutoff point for antibody concentrations—might be providing an incomplete picture of the distribution of antibody levels by age , we examined an additional dataset from Israeli toddlers .
israel findings to assess whether the limitations of the united states antibody described above—i.e. , the availability of only one cutoff point for antibody concentrations—might be [giving] an incomplete picture of the distribution of antibody levels by age , we examined an additional dataset from israeli toddlers .

Organisations such as the Lifesaving and Lifegiving Society , a street-based NGO established in Nepal in 1991 , have been providing education , counselling , and primary health care—as well as bleach , sterile water , condoms , and new needles and syringes—to IDUs to lower their risk of acquiring blood-borne diseases [ 33 ] .
organisations such as the lifesaving and lifegiving society , a street-based ngo established in nepal in 1991 , have been [giving] education , counselling , and primary health care—as well as bleach , sterile water , condoms , and new needles and syringes—to idus to lower their risk of acquiring blood-borne diseases [ 33 ] .

Young continues basic research at Texas A & M , but has also joined one of them , GangaGen , providing bacteriophage expertise to its labs .
young continues basic research at texas a & m , but has also joined one of them , gangagen , [giving] bacteriophage expertise to its labs .

JISC is also directly encouraging society and nonprofit publishers to implement hybrid models and other open-access experiments and to launch new open-access journals by providing grants to offset the publication charges for authors during this transitional phase .
jisc is also directly encouraging society and nonprofit publishers to implement hybrid models and other open-access experiments and to launch new open-access journals by [giving] grants to offset the publication charges for authors during this transitional phase .

The Open Society Institute ( OSI ) already pays such costs for universities and other organizations in a number of countries in which the foundation is active by way of a PLoS Institutional Membership that grants waived publication charges to authors while providing compensatory revenue for PLoS .
the open society institute ( osi ) already pays such costs for universities and other organizations in a number of countries in which the foundation is active by way of a plos institutional membership that grants waived publication charges to authors while [giving] compensatory revenue for plos .

Everyone involved in the generation and publication of research results needs to be open-minded , rigorous , and honest in designing experiments , analyzing results , reporting findings , peer-reviewing manuscripts , providing comments , and accepting that uncertainty exists in research .
everyone involved in the generation and publication of research results needs to be open-minded , rigorous , and honest in designing experiments , analyzing results , reporting findings , peer-reviewing manuscripts , [giving] comments , and accepting that uncertainty exists in research .

Some other types of information , especially practical tips for living with epilepsy and the social aspects of the disease , went far beyond what I had been providing for my own patients .
some other types of information , especially practical tips for living with epilepsy and the social aspects of the disease , went far beyond what i had been [giving] for my own patients .

After observing the group , I realized that I had been providing my patients with a very limited subset of what I knew about their condition .
after observing the group , i realized that i had been [giving] my patients with a very limited subset of what i knew about their condition .

Two thousand years ago the Roman senator Cicero noted the creation of barren desert-like land in North Africa after the forests were felled for their timber , providing the earliest record of an ecosystem ‘ service ’ provided by forests—the stabilisation of soils .
two thousand years ago the roman senator cicero noted the creation of barren desert-like land in north africa after the forests were felled for their timber , [giving] the earliest record of an ecosystem ‘ service ’ provided by forests—the stabilisation of soils .

Widespread access to treatment could bring millions of people into health-care settings , providing new opportunities for health-care workers to deliver and reinforce HIV prevention messages and interventions [ 4 ] .
widespread access to treatment could bring millions of people into health-care settings , [giving] new opportunities for health-care workers to deliver and reinforce hiv prevention messages and interventions [ 4 ] .

A commitment to providing large-scale treatment helps to focus attention on communities at greatest risk , particularly in lower prevalence contexts .
a commitment to [giving] large-scale treatment helps to focus attention on communities at greatest risk , particularly in lower prevalence contexts .

Initially , the company attracted criticism , with some questioning the ethics of providing access to health-care data for many disease projects to a for-profit company .
initially , the company attracted criticism , with some questioning the ethics of [giving] access to health-care data for many disease projects to a for-profit company .

As a “ smart breeding ” strategy , it will facilitate the exploration and utilization of natural genetic variation , expanding the genetic base of our crop plants and providing more flexibility for the future .
as a “ smart breeding ” strategy , it will facilitate the exploration and utilization of natural genetic variation , expanding the genetic base of our crop plants and [giving] more flexibility for the future .

The individuals who championed this effort should be commended for providing a great service to the scientific community .
the individuals who championed this effort should be commended for [giving] a great service to the scientific community .

If a bee is attracted to such a flower , it might sometimes remove nectar and pollen without providing an outcrossing service ( i.e. , bringing pollen from a different plant of the same species ) to the flower .
if a bee is attracted to such a flower , it might sometimes remove nectar and pollen without [giving] an outcrossing service ( i.e. , bringing pollen from a different plant of the same species ) to the flower .

This change in access to PubMed has significantly improved undergraduate training by providing students with the opportunities to do literature searches for their lab reports , papers , seminars , and of course original research .
this change in access to pubmed has significantly improved undergraduate training by [giving] students with the opportunities to do literature searches for their lab reports , papers , seminars , and of course original research .

If implemented , these testing requirements would represent a dramatic departure from existing regulations , while providing a powerful incentive for industry to develop less toxic chemicals .
if implemented , these testing requirements would represent a dramatic departure from existing regulations , while [giving] a powerful incentive for industry to develop less toxic chemicals .

Most would increase the affordability of insurance premiums for private group and individual plans by providing financial assistance through tax policies and by modifying the benefits and coverage of the plans .
most would increase the affordability of insurance premiums for private group and individual plans by [giving] financial assistance through tax policies and by modifying the benefits and coverage of the plans .

Meeting the challenge of providing health care for a multicultural population is now a major movement that is affecting health care in developed countries , principally the US but also in European countries and Australia .
meeting the challenge of [giving] health care for a multicultural population is now a major movement that is affecting health care in developed countries , principally the us but also in european countries and australia .

Providing quality health care to those who differ from a country 's majority population in terms of language and culture ( and often race ) is a mammoth task that does not yield to easy or quick fixes , but rather to consistent and determined efforts at improvement .
[giving] quality health care to those who differ from a country 's majority population in terms of language and culture ( and often race ) is a mammoth task that does not yield to easy or quick fixes , but rather to consistent and determined efforts at improvement .

Getting the balance right between understanding the research that will drive future medical discoveries , and providing training in clinical practice is obviously crucial in training tomorrow 's doctors .
getting the balance right between understanding the research that will drive future medical discoveries , and [giving] training in clinical practice is obviously crucial in training tomorrow 's doctors .

Taken together , our quantitative results are novel and controversial , providing important quantitative insights into a complex public-health problem .
taken together , our quantitative results are novel and controversial , [giving] important quantitative insights into a complex public-health problem .

With the arrival of the community journals , we are providing a greater range of open-access venues for researchers who wish to ensure that anyone can read , use , and build on their work .
with the arrival of the community journals , we are [giving] a greater range of open-access venues for researchers who wish to ensure that anyone can read , use , and build on their work .

Unfortunately , numerous obstacles to providing effective antiretroviral treatment to the majority of infected individuals in resource-poor countries exist .
unfortunately , numerous obstacles to [giving] effective antiretroviral treatment to the majority of infected individuals in resource-poor countries exist .

The dialectic description of the dynamics of science , with one tribe gathering data and collecting evidence and another tribe providing form to these observations , has striking examples that argue for the importance of synthesis .
the dialectic description of the dynamics of science , with one tribe gathering data and collecting evidence and another tribe [giving] form to these observations , has striking examples that argue for the importance of synthesis .

If your class would like to have a special event this year , we would be pleased to assist by providing a list of mailing addresses .
if your class would like to have a special event this year , we would be pleased to assist by [giving] a list of mailing addresses .

Your gift will help make this year 's concert more special by providing funds for costumes , programs and lighting .
your gift will help make this year 's concert more special by [giving] funds for costumes , programs and lighting .

The Annual Fund plays a significant role in providing financial assistance to those students who can not meet the ever increasing cost of a quality education .
the annual fund plays a significant role in [giving] financial assistance to those students who can not meet the ever increasing cost of a quality education .

Your gifts have helped him grow , too , by providing the training and support Joe 's tutors have needed , buying the books , Joe used , and giving him the opportunity to meet and learn with other adult learners from Indianapolis and around the country .
your gifts have helped him grow , too , by [giving] the training and support joe 's tutors have needed , buying the books , joe used , and giving him the opportunity to meet and learn with other adult learners from indianapolis and around the country .

With the cost of providing quality and diversity always on the rise , the financial generosity of alumni and friends continues to allow important , nationally recognized , projects to move forward .
with the cost of [giving] quality and diversity always on the rise , the financial generosity of alumni and friends continues to allow important , nationally recognized , projects to move forward .

Our faculty are involved in the community , working with city officials , conducting research , and providing the community with expertise and service .
our faculty are involved in the community , working with city officials , conducting research , and [giving] the community with expertise and service .

Annual Expenditures : Highest ( Michigan ) $ 2,686,398 Average $ 1,700,395 Law-Indianapolis $ 1,219,785 Your patience will not be tested by commentary on the General Assembly 's problems in providing more support for higher education .
annual expenditures : highest ( michigan ) $ 2,686,398 average $ 1,700,395 law-indianapolis $ 1,219,785 your patience will not be tested by commentary on the general assembly 's problems in [giving] more support for higher education .

In increasing numbers , alumni and friends are providing the private resources necessary for scholarships , faculty support and other items which enrich the school 's curriculum related programs .
in increasing numbers , alumni and friends are [giving] the private resources necessary for scholarships , faculty support and other items which enrich the school 's curriculum related programs .

However , some families in our community are wrestling with the problem of providing a safe and caring environment for their children during , before and after school hours .
however , some families in our community are wrestling with the problem of [giving] a safe and caring environment for their children during , before and after school hours .

I can not emphasize enough how vital your support is , not only in providing scholarships , but also in meeting a wide variety of needs ranging from purchasing additional computer terminals to travel for our moot court team .
i can not emphasize enough how vital your support is , not only in [giving] scholarships , but also in meeting a wide variety of needs ranging from purchasing additional computer terminals to travel for our moot court team .

Social Health Association of Central Indiana , Inc. providing family life education for youth 1943 Summer 1996 Dear Parent : Your child was a recent participant in a Social Health program at his or her school .
social health association of central indiana , inc. [giving] family life education for youth 1943 summer 1996 dear parent : your child was a recent participant in a social health program at his or her school .

Big Sisters helps bridge that gap by providing children with the resources they need -- Big Sisters volunteers .
big sisters helps bridge that gap by [giving] children with the resources they need -- big sisters volunteers .

Your contribution will help with funding so Jameson Camp can continue providing the year-round camping experience that gives kids a chance to create dreams .
your contribution will help with funding so jameson camp can continue [giving] the year-round camping experience that gives kids a chance to create dreams .

Despite our efforts at innovation and efficiency , however , the cost of providing a quality educational experience continues to rise .
despite our efforts at innovation and efficiency , however , the cost of [giving] a quality educational experience continues to rise .

In addition to this award the fund pays for affiliate membership in the Academy as well as providing the Journal of Periodontology for each student .
in addition to this award the fund pays for affiliate membership in the academy as well as [giving] the journal of periodontology for each student .

The Dr. Timothy J. O'Leary Periodontal Endowment Fund will greatly benefit our faculty and students by providing funding to support teaching and research in our graduate periodontics program .
the dr. timothy j. o'leary periodontal endowment fund will greatly benefit our faculty and students by [giving] funding to support teaching and research in our graduate periodontics program .

The Indianapolis Civic Theatre has entertained her audiences with professionally-produced plays and musicals for 82 years while providing an arena for our city 's exceptional talent , but that is certainly not the extent of it .
the indianapolis civic theatre has entertained her audiences with professionally-produced plays and musicals for 82 years while [giving] an arena for our city 's exceptional talent , but that is certainly not the extent of it .

The Indianapolis Civic Theatre is presenting its 84th season of outstanding live performance providing an essential element to the community 's cultural tapestry .
the indianapolis civic theatre is presenting its 84th season of outstanding live performance [giving] an essential element to the community 's cultural tapestry .

A robust economy helps by providing job opportunities , but to be honest , most of the people who are n't working today are quite simply the ones who face the greatest obstacles .
a robust economy helps by [giving] job opportunities , but to be honest , most of the people who are n't working today are quite simply the ones who face the greatest obstacles .

August 1993 Dear Doctor : Indiana University School of Dentistry and People 's Health Center are pleased to announce a program that will positively affect the oral health care needs of the underserved while providing a significant educational opportunity for future dental practitioners .
august 1993 dear doctor : indiana university school of dentistry and people 's health center are pleased to announce a program that will positively affect the oral health care needs of the underserved while [giving] a significant educational opportunity for future dental practitioners .

Twenty-one years of providing care for an increasing number of animals has eroded the Humane Society 's reserve funds to $ 35,000 ; one minor emergency and we could be wiped out .
twenty-one years of [giving] care for an increasing number of animals has eroded the humane society 's reserve funds to $ 35,000 ; one minor emergency and we could be wiped out .

Mayor Streeter was sensitive to our needs but cited the spending cap as the roadblock to providing us with sufficient funding .
mayor streeter was sensitive to our needs but cited the spending cap as the roadblock to [giving] us with sufficient funding .

Over the course of the next year Executive Director Mike Philbrook , along with the Board of Trustees , will continue to work closely with Nashua 's Aldermen to negotiate an annual contract that will come closer to providing the needs of the stray and abandoned animals in Nashua .
over the course of the next year executive director mike philbrook , along with the board of trustees , will continue to work closely with nashua 's aldermen to negotiate an annual contract that will come closer to [giving] the needs of the stray and abandoned animals in nashua .

In addition , I would encourage other alumni and friends to consider providing their support for this scholarship fund .
in addition , i would encourage other alumni and friends to consider [giving] their support for this scholarship fund .

Membership includes Insights on Global Ethics , our semi-annual publication providing in-depth coverage of ethical topics and Institute programs ; periodic President 's Letters from Rushworth Kidder to keep you in touch with vital and cutting edge ethical issues ; and our newest publication , Ethical Connections , a quarterly newsletter providing highlights of the Institute 's programs and activities .
membership includes insights on global ethics , our semi-annual publication [giving] in-depth coverage of ethical topics and institute programs ; periodic president 's letters from rushworth kidder to keep you in touch with vital and cutting edge ethical issues ; and our newest publication , ethical connections , a quarterly newsletter [giving] highlights of the institute 's programs and activities .

These programs focus on keeping the family together by providing counseling and other services to the entire family .
these programs focus on keeping the family together by [giving] counseling and other services to the entire family .

Help us continue to serve Indiana and the state 's youth through the extraordinary experience of theatre professionals providing professional theatre handcrafted for our community .
help us continue to serve indiana and the state 's youth through the extraordinary experience of theatre professionals [giving] professional theatre handcrafted for our community .

However , to continue providing Healing Hearts , Changing Lives Elijah House is asking for a subscription payment of $ J 5 per year to help offset publishing and mailing costs .
however , to continue [giving] healing hearts , changing lives elijah house is asking for a subscription payment of $ j 5 per year to help offset publishing and mailing costs .

The one thing I am most proud of is that the IRT is a leader across the country in providing theatre experiences for students .
the one thing i am most proud of is that the irt is a leader across the country in [giving] theatre experiences for students .

United Way agencies can help your employees by providing services that may not be available elsewhere .
united way agencies can help your employees by [giving] services that may not be available elsewhere .

Your continued support of the law school is vital , not only in providing scholarships , but also in meeting a variety of needs ranging from purchasing additional computer terminals to travel for our moot court team .
your continued support of the law school is vital , not only in [giving] scholarships , but also in meeting a variety of needs ranging from purchasing additional computer terminals to travel for our moot court team .

Our students and the public are continuing to enjoy a number of special programs , such as the Visiting Artist Program , which draws about 10 nationally known artists who present free public slide lectures about their work , the Saturday School , now in its 70th year of providing art classes for junior and senior high school students every spring and fall , and the Pre-College Program , offering art classes for recently graduated high school students who are interested in careers in the arts .
our students and the public are continuing to enjoy a number of special programs , such as the visiting artist program , which draws about 10 nationally known artists who present free public slide lectures about their work , the saturday school , now in its 70th year of [giving] art classes for junior and senior high school students every spring and fall , and the pre-college program , offering art classes for recently graduated high school students who are interested in careers in the arts .

By providing interactive information links with all our visitors , we strengthen our connection to the public .
by [giving] interactive information links with all our visitors , we strengthen our connection to the public .

Many of our traditional education programs will be enhanced through the Gardens/Zoo websites , providing us with fresh new vehicles to introduce workshops , lecture series , distance learning , public classes and daily demonstrations .
many of our traditional education programs will be enhanced through the gardens/zoo websites , [giving] us with fresh new vehicles to introduce workshops , lecture series , distance learning , public classes and daily demonstrations .

Keep Indianapolis Beautiful helps us do this by providing us opportunities to work with outstanding people in our community . ''
keep indianapolis beautiful helps us do this by [giving] us opportunities to work with outstanding people in our community . ''

As we strive to continue and improve upon our efforts for the community , it is our hope that you will join us by providing Keep Indianapolis Beautiful with a generous gift .
as we strive to continue and improve upon our efforts for the community , it is our hope that you will join us by [giving] keep indianapolis beautiful with a generous gift .

The Indianapolis YWCA is an open , supportive organization concerned with women and families ; providing opportunities to develop skills , knowledge and resources in the areas of health , self-awareness and leadership .
the indianapolis ywca is an open , supportive organization concerned with women and families ; [giving] opportunities to develop skills , knowledge and resources in the areas of health , self-awareness and leadership .

Social Health Association of Central Indiana , Inc. providing family life education for youth since 1943 Summer 1996 Dear Friend : Your child was a recent participant in a social Health Program at his other school .
social health association of central indiana , inc. [giving] family life education for youth since 1943 summer 1996 dear friend : your child was a recent participant in a social health program at his other school .

September 21 , 1994 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear Name : As one who generously supports the law school , you understand the importance of alumni contributions in providing an excellent legal education for our students .
september 21 , 1994 name address city , st zip dear name : as one who generously supports the law school , you understand the importance of alumni contributions in [giving] an excellent legal education for our students .

Our nursing staff has used funds for : buying prescriptions for patients who need them , but can not afford them ; providing transportation to physician 's offices for shut in patients ; paying utility bills when there is an immediate jeopardy of shut off ; medical supplies not covered by Medicare or other payers ; fans and heaters for individuals ; and even basic needs like food .
our nursing staff has used funds for : buying prescriptions for patients who need them , but can not afford them ; [giving] transportation to physician 's offices for shut in patients ; paying utility bills when there is an immediate jeopardy of shut off ; medical supplies not covered by medicare or other payers ; fans and heaters for individuals ; and even basic needs like food .

Since 1913 , we have remained true to our mission of providing quality home health care to individuals regardless of their ability to pay .
since 1913 , we have remained true to our mission of [giving] quality home health care to individuals regardless of their ability to pay .

Click on a name , and ( chances are ) you will encounter messages addressed directly to a dead person , often remarkably conversational -- recounting the details of the funeral , apologizing for trivial things , or providing updates on mutual friends .
click on a name , and ( chances are ) you will encounter messages addressed directly to a dead person , often remarkably conversational -- recounting the details of the funeral , apologizing for trivial things , or [giving] updates on mutual friends .

Virtual cemeteries seem eager to play the role of Information Age churches -- providing an atmosphere of community support ; promoting private , spiritual reflection ; and assuring immortality to boot .
virtual cemeteries seem eager to play the role of information age churches -- [giving] an atmosphere of community support ; promoting private , spiritual reflection ; and assuring immortality to boot .

Schwarzenegger has to take the blame for providing no immoral center to the Batman world .
schwarzenegger has to take the blame for [giving] no immoral center to the batman world .

This force , however , may be more symbolic of military partnership than effective in providing real military assistance to troubled areas such as Kosovo .
this force , however , may be more symbolic of military partnership than effective in [giving] real military assistance to troubled areas such as kosovo .

To do this , he thinks , will require not only banning soft money and providing free TV air time to candidates , but also full public financing of congressional elections and a constitutional amendment to overturn Buckley vs. Valeo , the 1976 Supreme Court decision that defines spending as speech .
to do this , he thinks , will require not only banning soft money and [giving] free tv air time to candidates , but also full public financing of congressional elections and a constitutional amendment to overturn buckley vs. valeo , the 1976 supreme court decision that defines spending as speech .

He hopes to level the playing field for challengers and incumbents by providing free airtime for candidates .
he hopes to level the playing field for challengers and incumbents by [giving] free airtime for candidates .

Two , as you indicate , `` alternative '' newspapers have been thriving , many for decades , by providing readers with exactly the kind of service Rosen says he wants : reporting with perspective ; reader inclusion ; making stories into crusades ; etc .
two , as you indicate , `` alternative '' newspapers have been thriving , many for decades , by [giving] readers with exactly the kind of service rosen says he wants : reporting with perspective ; reader inclusion ; making stories into crusades ; etc .

Thanks to Weisberg for addressing this issue and providing the reader with an appropriate perspective !
thanks to weisberg for addressing this issue and [giving] the reader with an appropriate perspective !

Though even Monica Lewinsky , for all her wheedling , could n't convince the president to give her a tour of the White House private quarters , the tabs have no trouble penetrating that sanctum sanctorum , providing bulletins from Bill and Hillary 's intimate moments .
though even monica lewinsky , for all her wheedling , could n't convince the president to give her a tour of the white house private quarters , the tabs have no trouble penetrating that sanctum sanctorum , [giving] bulletins from bill and hillary 's intimate moments .

That 's largely because , in contrast to the overhyped December bombardment , U.S. officials are playing down the recent assaults , justifying them in terms of self-defense and providing scant information on the damage .
that 's largely because , in contrast to the overhyped december bombardment , u.s. officials are playing down the recent assaults , justifying them in terms of self-defense and [giving] scant information on the damage .

Providing escape routes from the inner city may make the ghettos worse by depriving them of their most competent residents .
[giving] escape routes from the inner city may make the ghettos worse by depriving them of their most competent residents .

The federal government should do more to spur the creation of such institutions , by providing resources , and by helping to equalize the shameful disparity in funding between rich and poor districts generally .
the federal government should do more to spur the creation of such institutions , by [giving] resources , and by helping to equalize the shameful disparity in funding between rich and poor districts generally .

Writing in Canada 's new national newspaper the National Post Saturday , Mark Steyn observed that the U.S. media coverage of the strikes barely mentioned Britain 's participation : `` This is the thanks a chap gets for providing the most naked of presidents with his only international fig leaf . ''
writing in canada 's new national newspaper the national post saturday , mark steyn observed that the u.s. media coverage of the strikes barely mentioned britain 's participation : `` this is the thanks a chap gets for [giving] the most naked of presidents with his only international fig leaf . ''

By way of introducing our subject -- providing for the material needs of a baby -- a caveat : Whatever it is , you do n't need it .
by way of introducing our subject -- [giving] for the material needs of a baby -- a caveat : whatever it is , you do n't need it .

They praise the protagonist 's caustic humor for providing an antidote to her `` perfectly coiffed ... American cousin Ally McBeal '' ( Tamsin Todd , the Washington Post Book World ) .
they praise the protagonist 's caustic humor for [giving] an antidote to her `` perfectly coiffed ... american cousin ally mcbeal '' ( tamsin todd , the washington post book world ) .

Some other things I 'd like to touch on this week : Did the bifurcated Roosevelt White House do a disservice in providing a model for later administrations , in which poor folks and children and the lame and the halt were insidiously sentimentalized as women 's work ?
some other things i 'd like to touch on this week : did the bifurcated roosevelt white house do a disservice in [giving] a model for later administrations , in which poor folks and children and the lame and the halt were insidiously sentimentalized as women 's work ?

Did the bifurcated Roosevelt White House do a disservice in providing a model for later administrations , in which poor folks and children and the lame and the halt were insidiously sentimentalized as women 's work ?
did the bifurcated roosevelt white house do a disservice in [giving] a model for later administrations , in which poor folks and children and the lame and the halt were insidiously sentimentalized as women 's work ?

Admittedly , providing women 's clothes , which are more complex , presents a slightly greater challenge .
admittedly , [giving] women 's clothes , which are more complex , presents a slightly greater challenge .

In short , while the market probably will work quite well in providing good telecommunications in dense urban areas , very little has changed over the past few years in the rural areas I work with .
in short , while the market probably will work quite well in [giving] good telecommunications in dense urban areas , very little has changed over the past few years in the rural areas i work with .

Though he is at his most vague on the subject of actual policy , one gathers that what he wants is a kind of economic third way : A government that redistributes wealth through the tax system while providing uniform social benefits , such as health care and pensions .
though he is at his most vague on the subject of actual policy , one gathers that what he wants is a kind of economic third way : a government that redistributes wealth through the tax system while [giving] uniform social benefits , such as health care and pensions .

The media need a new plot line , and Gen Y is providing it .
the media need a new plot line , and gen y is [giving] it .

For more than a decade now , U.S. News & World Report has been providing kids and their parents a way to assess the most important factor in choosing a college : academic excellence .
for more than a decade now , u.s. news & world report has been [giving] kids and their parents a way to assess the most important factor in choosing a college : academic excellence .

According to the General Accounting Office , the costs of providing air traffic control services to each segment of aviation are unknown because the Federal Aviation Administration does not have an adequate cost accounting system .
according to the general accounting office , the costs of [giving] air traffic control services to each segment of aviation are unknown because the federal aviation administration does not have an adequate cost accounting system .

Most alarmingly , convenience gambling exacts huge social costs in the form of addiction and financial hardship without providing any economic benefit .
most alarmingly , convenience gambling exacts huge social costs in the form of addiction and financial hardship without [giving] any economic benefit .

Vintners are providing unrepresentative samples to rig the system and underproducing good but low-rated wines .
vintners are [giving] unrepresentative samples to rig the system and underproducing good but low-rated wines .

Studies indicate that the 1,684 charter schools are providing a better education to the 350,000 public school students they serve .
studies indicate that the 1,684 charter schools are [giving] a better education to the 350,000 public school students they serve .

XP Apparel `` helps people of all ages meet Christ 's challenge by providing clothing that helps them share their faith . ''
xp apparel `` helps people of all ages meet christ 's challenge by [giving] clothing that helps them share their faith . ''

Professional archivists argue that it 's a waste of time to store the Internet without providing a proper historical context .
professional archivists argue that it 's a waste of time to store the internet without [giving] a proper historical context .

The obvious targets of the sweepingly vague amendment are clinics offering confidential medical services , and schools providing sex-ed classes and suspicious curricula and books .
the obvious targets of the sweepingly vague amendment are clinics offering confidential medical services , and schools [giving] sex-ed classes and suspicious curricula and books .

Above all , that means improving education , and providing lots of extracurricular activities for the adolescents in direst shape .
above all , that means improving education , and [giving] lots of extracurricular activities for the adolescents in direst shape .

After 1995 , the United States tried to hedge its bets , providing $ 26 million of United States Agency for International Development money to Indonesian nongovernmental organizations involved in grass-roots organizing .
after 1995 , the united states tried to hedge its bets , [giving] $ 26 million of united states agency for international development money to indonesian nongovernmental organizations involved in grass-roots organizing .

We have read the fine print and know that we get the dish at such a low price only if we subscribe to the service providing the content for one year at $ 30 a month .
we have read the fine print and know that we get the dish at such a low price only if we subscribe to the service [giving] the content for one year at $ 30 a month .

If Bell Atlantic can start providing long distance , that will put added competitive pressure on AT & T and MCI WorldCom .
if bell atlantic can start [giving] long distance , that will put added competitive pressure on at & t and mci worldcom .

The WP , NYT , and LAT front what the latter calls Bill Bradley 's `` first detailed policy speech , '' outlining his health-care plan , which would extend coverage to lower-income citizens by allowing them to join at little or no cost the federal government 's health insurance system or by providing tax credits toward their private plan premiums .
the wp , nyt , and lat front what the latter calls bill bradley 's `` first detailed policy speech , '' outlining his health-care plan , which would extend coverage to lower-income citizens by allowing them to join at little or no cost the federal government 's health insurance system or by [giving] tax credits toward their private plan premiums .

Readers should know that , in the interest of providing an experiential base for our `` Eating Club '' on sports food , Eliza and I jogged across the Brooklyn Bridge and back yesterday evening .
readers should know that , in the interest of [giving] an experiential base for our `` eating club '' on sports food , eliza and i jogged across the brooklyn bridge and back yesterday evening .

The New York Times front is a campaign manager 's dream : The lead is Al Gore 's vow yesterday that if elected president , he would ban offshore drilling for gas and oil along both the California and Florida coasts ( the Clinton administration policy is a mere moratorium ) , and nearby is a reefer reporting that Bill Bradley yesterday advocated attacking child poverty by raising the minimum wage , increasing child-care spending , and providing working parents with various tax benefits .
the new york times front is a campaign manager 's dream : the lead is al gore 's vow yesterday that if elected president , he would ban offshore drilling for gas and oil along both the california and florida coasts ( the clinton administration policy is a mere moratorium ) , and nearby is a reefer reporting that bill bradley yesterday advocated attacking child poverty by raising the minimum wage , increasing child-care spending , and [giving] working parents with various tax benefits .

It can bring balance and fulfillment to our lives , while providing real leadership to some who may need motivation more than money .
it can bring balance and fulfillment to our lives , while [giving] real leadership to some who may need motivation more than money .

The current system , instituted in the 1930s , distorts the market , discriminates against the dairy farmers of the Upper Midwest by providing higher prices ( called `` distance differentials '' ) to farmers who live far from Eau Claire , Wis. , ( the city from which these `` distance differentials '' are calculated ) and puts Wisconsin producers at an artificial competitive disadvantage .
the current system , instituted in the 1930s , distorts the market , discriminates against the dairy farmers of the upper midwest by [giving] higher prices ( called `` distance differentials '' ) to farmers who live far from eau claire , wis. , ( the city from which these `` distance differentials '' are calculated ) and puts wisconsin producers at an artificial competitive disadvantage .

By providing this service , Slate has demonstrably increased my effectiveness in the classroom by engaging my students in a conversation with two leading economists .
by [giving] this service , slate has demonstrably increased my effectiveness in the classroom by engaging my students in a conversation with two leading economists .

Thank you , both for proving the necessity of the feminist enterprise and for providing a powerful commentary on the sad position of contemporary feminism by publishing Herbert Stein 's awful fancies ( `` Watching the Couples Go By '' ) in the same cyberspace as that spat between Susan Faludi and Karen Lehrman ( `` Revisionist Feminism '' ) .
thank you , both for proving the necessity of the feminist enterprise and for [giving] a powerful commentary on the sad position of contemporary feminism by publishing herbert stein 's awful fancies ( `` watching the couples go by '' ) in the same cyberspace as that spat between susan faludi and karen lehrman ( `` revisionist feminism '' ) .

Then-Defense Secretary Perry said last year , `` With the new technical challenges of providing stewardship of the stockpile in the absence of underground testing , this is not a time to be fundamentally restructuring the management of these activities . ''
then-defense secretary perry said last year , `` with the new technical challenges of [giving] stewardship of the stockpile in the absence of underground testing , this is not a time to be fundamentally restructuring the management of these activities . ''

While I see him claiming that permitting gay marriage is one more step along this path , I do n't see him providing any argument that such unions are themselves bad or any worse than the other breakdowns of traditional marriage ( such as interracial marriage , multiple divorces , prenuptial agreements , and so forth ) .
while i see him claiming that permitting gay marriage is one more step along this path , i do n't see him [giving] any argument that such unions are themselves bad or any worse than the other breakdowns of traditional marriage ( such as interracial marriage , multiple divorces , prenuptial agreements , and so forth ) .

Covering 70 plus books in a week ( the usual number is more like 40 to 50 ) pleases the NYTBR 's advertisers in the publishing houses by providing much fertile territory for blurb mining .
covering 70 plus books in a week ( the usual number is more like 40 to 50 ) pleases the nytbr 's advertisers in the publishing houses by [giving] much fertile territory for blurb mining .

Staples runs through a litany of economic gains that have brought African-Americans closer to some kind of economic stability ( what stability that is or what marker he uses to measure that stability is unclear ) , which African-Americans credit Clinton for providing .
staples runs through a litany of economic gains that have brought african-americans closer to some kind of economic stability ( what stability that is or what marker he uses to measure that stability is unclear ) , which african-americans credit clinton for [giving] .

An ad tarred Illinois ' Republican gubernatorial candidate George Ryan for accepting contributions from `` exactly those HMOs that are charging us more while providing us less . ''
an ad tarred illinois ' republican gubernatorial candidate george ryan for accepting contributions from `` exactly those hmos that are charging us more while [giving] us less . ''

Our only consensus is that `` government should serve the ordinary , hard-working individual -- providing safety , public goods like roads and parks and the tools necessary to seek opportunity , like education .
our only consensus is that `` government should serve the ordinary , hard-working individual -- [giving] safety , public goods like roads and parks and the tools necessary to seek opportunity , like education .

You jump to conclusions too quickly , forgetting that scientific answers such as DNA tests are most reliable in providing negative answers -- and often ambiguous in providing positive answers .
you jump to conclusions too quickly , forgetting that scientific answers such as dna tests are most reliable in [giving] negative answers -- and often ambiguous in [giving] positive answers .

This is regarded as an ominous precedent : the first prosecution of an Internet service in the West for providing access to material it did not produce .
this is regarded as an ominous precedent : the first prosecution of an internet service in the west for [giving] access to material it did not produce .

Scientists are now convinced that a vast internal ocean is , or was recently , roiling the surface and providing the heat and chemicals necessary to create life .
scientists are now convinced that a vast internal ocean is , or was recently , roiling the surface and [giving] the heat and chemicals necessary to create life .

Analysts agree that the new disclosure throws a wrench in confirmation hearings for CIA Director-designate George Tenet , who was involved in providing the misleading assurances .
analysts agree that the new disclosure throws a wrench in confirmation hearings for cia director-designate george tenet , who was involved in [giving] the misleading assurances .

The men's-mag T & A is really about providing a kind of boys-only atmosphere in which the complicated tradeoffs involved in three decades of negotiating with women 's lib can be neatly tuned out .
the men's-mag t & a is really about [giving] a kind of boys-only atmosphere in which the complicated tradeoffs involved in three decades of negotiating with women 's lib can be neatly tuned out .

In fact , it is already public record that other parts of the military assisted in planning the raid and providing equipment .
in fact , it is already public record that other parts of the military assisted in planning the raid and [giving] equipment .

The paper quotes one source as saying that since the Clintons have assets of just over $ 1 million but legal debts of $ 5.2 million , `` banks were a little bit wary about providing such a large mortgage without some extra security . ''
the paper quotes one source as saying that since the clintons have assets of just over $ 1 million but legal debts of $ 5.2 million , `` banks were a little bit wary about [giving] such a large mortgage without some extra security . ''

Tripp testified for eight days , because she was providing evidence about narcotics .
tripp testified for eight days , because she was [giving] evidence about narcotics .

Six weeks before the election , an e-mail arrives asking her if she plans to be in town for the election and providing instructions for acquiring an absentee ballot .
six weeks before the election , an e-mail arrives asking her if she plans to be in town for the election and [giving] instructions for acquiring an absentee ballot .

Newspapers , for example , could run a small daily box of agate type providing this information , with perhaps a longer summary provided once or twice a year .
newspapers , for example , could run a small daily box of agate type [giving] this information , with perhaps a longer summary provided once or twice a year .

When this person attempted to wash up after providing the required sample , it turned out the tester had removed the handles from the faucets ( apparently to prevent the applicant from diluting the product ) .
when this person attempted to wash up after [giving] the required sample , it turned out the tester had removed the handles from the faucets ( apparently to prevent the applicant from diluting the product ) .

In addition , the Fool will be providing , exclusively for Slate , a weekly business column .
in addition , the fool will be [giving] , exclusively for slate , a weekly business column .

Meanwhile , the music 's sound and technology was providing the sonic space and public rituals for hip-hop -- as electrifying a pop form as I 've ever heard .
meanwhile , the music 's sound and technology was [giving] the sonic space and public rituals for hip-hop -- as electrifying a pop form as i 've ever heard .

Why is n't Clinton or the WP at all concerned that the office responsible for providing the president with `` secure communications '' ca n't email a memo without losing the first two pages ?
why is n't clinton or the wp at all concerned that the office responsible for [giving] the president with `` secure communications '' ca n't email a memo without losing the first two pages ?

The NYT says this represents another incremental step toward providing health insurance to all Americans , part of the piecemeal strategy Clinton adopted after the failure of his comprehensive health care reform .
the nyt says this represents another incremental step toward [giving] health insurance to all americans , part of the piecemeal strategy clinton adopted after the failure of his comprehensive health care reform .

The Post is mistaken , and give credit to the NYT for providing the correct historical background : In 1863 , exploding bullets were banned , in 1899 , so were dum-dum bullets .
the post is mistaken , and give credit to the nyt for [giving] the correct historical background : in 1863 , exploding bullets were banned , in 1899 , so were dum-dum bullets .

The story 's details suggest he has a point , inasmuch as it relates that China is still providing missile and chemical/biological warfare technology to Iran and Pakistan .
the story 's details suggest he has a point , inasmuch as it relates that china is still [giving] missile and chemical/biological warfare technology to iran and pakistan .

Ross notes how the ransom that Disney paid to Osceola County for the favor of being exempt from providing low-income housing assistance within Celebration was eaten up by theme-park employees who could not afford to live in Celebration on a Disney wage .
ross notes how the ransom that disney paid to osceola county for the favor of being exempt from [giving] low-income housing assistance within celebration was eaten up by theme-park employees who could not afford to live in celebration on a disney wage .

According to the NYT lead , some things suspected in yesterday 's Timor coverage are now confirmed : The U.S. is preparing to fulfill a primarily logistical role , particularly by providing air transport to the ground troops , who will be supplied by other nations ; the force will probably be led by Australian troops ( and an Australian commanding general ) ; and the Indonesians are expressing a preference for , but not insisting on , a predominantly Asian force .
according to the nyt lead , some things suspected in yesterday 's timor coverage are now confirmed : the u.s. is preparing to fulfill a primarily logistical role , particularly by [giving] air transport to the ground troops , who will be supplied by other nations ; the force will probably be led by australian troops ( and an australian commanding general ) ; and the indonesians are expressing a preference for , but not insisting on , a predominantly asian force .

Her reply to the critics consists of providing an exception or two to each of the complaints and then moving swiftly on .
her reply to the critics consists of [giving] an exception or two to each of the complaints and then moving swiftly on .

Instead of providing Mexicans with an idea they could organize a modern community around , it was a touchy compromise that preserved backward attitudes toward power leftover from the Aztecs and colonial Spain :
instead of [giving] mexicans with an idea they could organize a modern community around , it was a touchy compromise that preserved backward attitudes toward power leftover from the aztecs and colonial spain :

Men generally invest in their children by providing food , protection , and care .
men generally invest in their children by [giving] food , protection , and care .

Both state and federal governments can mandate programmatic spending without providing the funds .
both state and federal governments can mandate programmatic spending without [giving] the funds .

The budget surplus , which is providing Clinton with excellent cover for his new social programs ( Gigot ; David Gergen , The McLaughlin Group ) , was declared illusory and temporary by This Week 's two conservatives , who failed to note these seemingly obvious truths last week when the surplus was Issue 1 .
the budget surplus , which is [giving] clinton with excellent cover for his new social programs ( gigot ; david gergen , the mclaughlin group ) , was declared illusory and temporary by this week 's two conservatives , who failed to note these seemingly obvious truths last week when the surplus was issue 1 .

The liberal commentarians themselves had little to offer in the way of imaginative suggestions , falling back on the usual ideas about expanding the federal role in education , rebuilding the infrastructure , and providing health care to the uninsured .
the liberal commentarians themselves had little to offer in the way of imaginative suggestions , falling back on the usual ideas about expanding the federal role in education , rebuilding the infrastructure , and [giving] health care to the uninsured .

I do think that , given Big Government 's record in providing public goods over the last few decades ( almost universally execrable , wherever you look ) , and given Extremely Big Government 's record in the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany , we should be a little more concerned about a state that is now imposing a higher tax burden on ordinary citizens than at any time in the history of the Republic .
i do think that , given big government 's record in [giving] public goods over the last few decades ( almost universally execrable , wherever you look ) , and given extremely big government 's record in the soviet union and nazi germany , we should be a little more concerned about a state that is now imposing a higher tax burden on ordinary citizens than at any time in the history of the republic .

Then , when disasters happen , it gives extra cash and takes credit for providing `` emergency relief . ''
then , when disasters happen , it gives extra cash and takes credit for [giving] `` emergency relief . ''

The NYT 's Keith Bradsher has pretty much owned the topic of the dangers presented to normal-sized cars by sports utility vehicles , and today Bradsher continues , writing about an auto insurance industry report that urges auto makers to redesign SUVs because they `` increase the risk of death for other road users while providing little if any additional protection for their own occupants . ''
the nyt 's keith bradsher has pretty much owned the topic of the dangers presented to normal-sized cars by sports utility vehicles , and today bradsher continues , writing about an auto insurance industry report that urges auto makers to redesign suvs because they `` increase the risk of death for other road users while [giving] little if any additional protection for their own occupants . ''

The Post portrays the recent diplomacy undertaken by Russia in connection with the Iraq flare-up as providing it with a chance to take on a global role it has n't had since the Soviet collapse .
the post portrays the recent diplomacy undertaken by russia in connection with the iraq flare-up as [giving] it with a chance to take on a global role it has n't had since the soviet collapse .

The LAT front brings word that NOW , after staying on the sidelines while Paula Jones still had a case headed for trial , is currently considering providing support for her appeal of its recent dismissal .
the lat front brings word that now , after staying on the sidelines while paula jones still had a case headed for trial , is currently considering [giving] support for her appeal of its recent dismissal .

The NYT has the most detail on the inside politics of the decision , reporting not only that the administration drug czar , Gen. McCaffrey , is vehemently opposed to lifting the ban ( USAT has this too ) , but also that the president 's policy advisors were afraid Republicans might push through legislation taking federal money away from organizations providing free needles .
the nyt has the most detail on the inside politics of the decision , reporting not only that the administration drug czar , gen. mccaffrey , is vehemently opposed to lifting the ban ( usat has this too ) , but also that the president 's policy advisors were afraid republicans might push through legislation taking federal money away from organizations [giving] free needles .

Surprisingly , Safire did not explain how this works by providing the most famous example of the tactic : Nixon 's knowingly taped Oval Office statement that yes , he could raise money to silence the Watergate burglars , `` but it would be wrong . ''
surprisingly , safire did not explain how this works by [giving] the most famous example of the tactic : nixon 's knowingly taped oval office statement that yes , he could raise money to silence the watergate burglars , `` but it would be wrong . ''

The new transplant rules , explains the USAT lead ( and front-page pieces in the WP , and the NYT ) , aim at providing organs to the sickest candidates first regardless of where they live , as opposed to the current ones , which were conceived when organs could n't be maintained outside the body for nearly as long as they can now , and hence emphasize getting them to the closest candidates .
the new transplant rules , explains the usat lead ( and front-page pieces in the wp , and the nyt ) , aim at [giving] organs to the sickest candidates first regardless of where they live , as opposed to the current ones , which were conceived when organs could n't be maintained outside the body for nearly as long as they can now , and hence emphasize getting them to the closest candidates .

The WSJ `` Washington Wire '' reports that the Army general who heads up the 1st Cavalry Division had this assessment for acquisition officers of the high-tech gear they 're providing him : `` You are fielding pieces of crap . ''
the wsj `` washington wire '' reports that the army general who heads up the 1st cavalry division had this assessment for acquisition officers of the high-tech gear they 're [giving] him : `` you are fielding pieces of crap . ''

You can refine it by maximizing the surface that touches the burner , putting a whistle at the end of the spout , and providing a lever to open the spout .
you can refine it by maximizing the surface that touches the burner , putting a whistle at the end of the spout , and [giving] a lever to open the spout .

Microsoft is n't preventing anyone from using Netscape or charging Netscape for the right of access ; it 's providing Internet Explorer free , but then that would be normal practice in this kind of industry even if IE was n't allegedly an integral part of Windows 95 .
microsoft is n't preventing anyone from using netscape or charging netscape for the right of access ; it 's [giving] internet explorer free , but then that would be normal practice in this kind of industry even if ie was n't allegedly an integral part of windows 95 .

In principle , at least , LTCM 's computers -- programmed by those Nobel laureates -- allowed the firm to search for complex trading strategies that took advantage of even subtle market mispricings , providing high returns with very little risk .
in principle , at least , ltcm 's computers -- programmed by those nobel laureates -- allowed the firm to search for complex trading strategies that took advantage of even subtle market mispricings , [giving] high returns with very little risk .

The Los Angeles Times leads with the uncovering by state and FBI investigators of `` a giant rip-off '' of California 's state-federal program providing health care to the poor .
the los angeles times leads with the uncovering by state and fbi investigators of `` a giant rip-off '' of california 's state-federal program [giving] health care to the poor .

The scam involved phony storefront medical supply businesses being reimbursed by the state for providing supplies that never were purchased for patients who did n't exist .
the scam involved phony storefront medical supply businesses being reimbursed by the state for [giving] supplies that never were purchased for patients who did n't exist .

What this scheme leaves unclear is why education and the environment are valid public goods while other efforts he opposes -- insuring elderly people against poverty , say , or providing national health insurance -- are not .
what this scheme leaves unclear is why education and the environment are valid public goods while other efforts he opposes -- insuring elderly people against poverty , say , or [giving] national health insurance -- are not .

The Florida International Museum 's `` Splendors of Ancient Egypt '' ( through July 7 ) , recreating a pharaoh 's burial chamber and providing `` a taste of the actual Karnak experience -- using mirrors and two dozen massive columns to completely surround the visitor with the magnificence of the temple . ''
the florida international museum 's `` splendors of ancient egypt '' ( through july 7 ) , recreating a pharaoh 's burial chamber and [giving] `` a taste of the actual karnak experience -- using mirrors and two dozen massive columns to completely surround the visitor with the magnificence of the temple . ''

Mintz quotes some astonishing speeches by Abolitionists who easily equated cane sugar with murder , one of them even providing the precise calculus : `` [ I ] n every pound of sugar used ( the product of the slaves imported from Africa ) , we may be considered as consuming two ounces of blood . ''
mintz quotes some astonishing speeches by abolitionists who easily equated cane sugar with murder , one of them even [giving] the precise calculus : `` [ i ] n every pound of sugar used ( the product of the slaves imported from africa ) , we may be considered as consuming two ounces of blood . ''

Because eBay is essentially just facilitating interactions between buyers and sellers and not building or even really selling anything itself , its gross margins ( that is , the cost of actually providing its `` goods '' ) are almost guaranteed to remain high .
because ebay is essentially just facilitating interactions between buyers and sellers and not building or even really selling anything itself , its gross margins ( that is , the cost of actually [giving] its `` goods '' ) are almost guaranteed to remain high .

You know sports are getting crazy when the Olympic movement looks tainted by wretched excess and the Super Bowl is actually providing the inspirational story of the week .
you know sports are getting crazy when the olympic movement looks tainted by wretched excess and the super bowl is actually [giving] the inspirational story of the week .

Western countries , the paper explains , are worried that providing this information will lead to rampant Chinese knockoffs .
western countries , the paper explains , are worried that [giving] this information will lead to rampant chinese knockoffs .

He points out that Weld favors legalizing marijuana for `` medical purposes '' ( which conservatives place on the slippery slope toward complete legalization ) , favors providing addicts with clean needles ( to prevent the spread of AIDS ) , and that he prosecuted few drug cases as a U.S. attorney .
he points out that weld favors legalizing marijuana for `` medical purposes '' ( which conservatives place on the slippery slope toward complete legalization ) , favors [giving] addicts with clean needles ( to prevent the spread of aids ) , and that he prosecuted few drug cases as a u.s. attorney .

This was not an isolated instance of medical personnel providing bad care in obeisance to a policy .
this was not an isolated instance of medical personnel [giving] bad care in obeisance to a policy .

Patients still can ( and should ) insist on holding doctors responsible for providing proper care .
patients still can ( and should ) insist on holding doctors responsible for [giving] proper care .

Just because an insurer wo n't pay for a treatment does n't free a doctor from providing it .
just because an insurer wo n't pay for a treatment does n't free a doctor from [giving] it .

In the budget negotiations , nearly everyone agreed on providing health insurance at low or no cost to uninsured children whose family incomes dip below 200 percent of poverty .
in the budget negotiations , nearly everyone agreed on [giving] health insurance at low or no cost to uninsured children whose family incomes dip below 200 percent of poverty .

Even for viable anencephalics , there 's no purpose to providing treatment .
even for viable anencephalics , there 's no purpose to [giving] treatment .

The book tells how these parties helped women isolated in 1950s suburbs gain a social network , as well as providing them with an acceptable way of earning income .
the book tells how these parties helped women isolated in 1950s suburbs gain a social network , as well as [giving] them with an acceptable way of earning income .

The Democrats also abandoned a 1996 experiment in providing Web access to party adherents .
the democrats also abandoned a 1996 experiment in [giving] web access to party adherents .

There are nonprofit sites that have made names for themselves by providing quality political information .
there are nonprofit sites that have made names for themselves by [giving] quality political information .

The cover editorial applauds the establishment of a power-sharing parliament in Northern Ireland as providing `` a realistic hope for durable peace . ''
the cover editorial applauds the establishment of a power-sharing parliament in northern ireland as [giving] `` a realistic hope for durable peace . ''

News Quiz responses typically offer a reliable guide to what America is thinking ( if only by providing sullen and resentful counterexamples ) , but from time to time participants make small errors of -- well , fact would be too vulgar a word ; let 's say emphasis .
news quiz responses typically offer a reliable guide to what america is thinking ( if only by [giving] sullen and resentful counterexamples ) , but from time to time participants make small errors of -- well , fact would be too vulgar a word ; let 's say emphasis .

This explanation exonerates dishonest writers while providing protective cover for careless editors .
this explanation exonerates dishonest writers while [giving] protective cover for careless editors .

That discrepancy is the sort of thing that leads markets to fail -- in this case by providing too many Clubs and not enough Lojacks .
that discrepancy is the sort of thing that leads markets to fail -- in this case by [giving] too many clubs and not enough lojacks .

In the future people like me , having cultivated a following by providing free content on the Web , will charge our devotees for services that are hard to replicate en masse .
in the future people like me , having cultivated a following by [giving] free content on the web , will charge our devotees for services that are hard to replicate en masse .

In the sci.environment section of Usenet , I found a posting from a research assistant `` for a professor at Boston University '' seeking information on `` who is behind '' and `` who is providing the money '' for my work .
in the sci.environment section of usenet , i found a posting from a research assistant `` for a professor at boston university '' seeking information on `` who is behind '' and `` who is [giving] the money '' for my work .

Its quite another thing to watch a business fail because it 's efficiently providing a service for which consumers have managed to avoid paying .
its quite another thing to watch a business fail because it 's efficiently [giving] a service for which consumers have managed to avoid paying .

Critics charged that it would hinder 1 ) businesses and nonprofits that rely on direct mail ; and 2 ) the Postal Service itself , by providing even greater incentive to use alternative shippers .
critics charged that it would hinder 1 ) businesses and nonprofits that rely on direct mail ; and 2 ) the postal service itself , by [giving] even greater incentive to use alternative shippers .

On Meet the Press , William F. Buckley Jr. nominated Pope John Paul II as his POC for `` providing the special spiritual animus that made all the difference in the '70s and '80s in overcoming the greatest threat of the century , which was the Soviet Union . ''
on meet the press , william f. buckley jr. nominated pope john paul ii as his poc for `` [giving] the special spiritual animus that made all the difference in the '70s and '80s in overcoming the greatest threat of the century , which was the soviet union . ''

Critics said the showing of the tapes was the most chilling act , as it 1 ) provided information to the media before providing it to the victims ' parents and 2 ) helped Harris and Klebold achieve exactly what they wanted .
critics said the showing of the tapes was the most chilling act , as it 1 ) provided information to the media before [giving] it to the victims ' parents and 2 ) helped harris and klebold achieve exactly what they wanted .

We thought of providing a list of articles worth a second look ( or , for our many new readers in 1999 , a first look ) .
we thought of [giving] a list of articles worth a second look ( or , for our many new readers in 1999 , a first look ) .

That creates a potential multimillion-dollar market for companies providing voting services .
that creates a potential multimillion-dollar market for companies [giving] voting services .

They also boast of providing venues for church and school choral groups .
they also boast of [giving] venues for church and school choral groups .

Malls conquered the retail economy by providing a selection of goods broad enough and cheap enough to gain consumers ' trust and thereby control their options .
malls conquered the retail economy by [giving] a selection of goods broad enough and cheap enough to gain consumers ' trust and thereby control their options .

These measures include providing advance warning of ballistic missile tests and the continuation of the nations ' respective unilateral moratoriums on nuclear testing .
these measures include [giving] advance warning of ballistic missile tests and the continuation of the nations ' respective unilateral moratoriums on nuclear testing .

He was accused of infecting at least nine women with HIV by knowingly exposing them to the virus through unprotected sex in exchange for providing illegal drugs to them .
he was accused of infecting at least nine women with hiv by knowingly exposing them to the virus through unprotected sex in exchange for [giving] illegal drugs to them .

The positive American Airlines spin : We 're being busted for providing better service at lower cost .
the positive american airlines spin : we 're being busted for [giving] better service at lower cost .

You do n't have to stop providing the insights that only you can give to the ignorant investing masses in order to forgo the money and fame that come along with your position .
you do n't have to stop [giving] the insights that only you can give to the ignorant investing masses in order to forgo the money and fame that come along with your position .

The Daily Telegraph dwelt on the Pentagon 's anger with NATO headquarters in Brussels for providing false evidence to the world 's media on the bombing of the refugee convoy in Kosovo .
the daily telegraph dwelt on the pentagon 's anger with nato headquarters in brussels for [giving] false evidence to the world 's media on the bombing of the refugee convoy in kosovo .

Exchanging stuff for eyeballs makes sense as long as the cost of providing the stuff is less than the value of the eyeballs to advertisers .
exchanging stuff for eyeballs makes sense as long as the cost of [giving] the stuff is less than the value of the eyeballs to advertisers .

To commemorate our first anniversary , in an act of incredible corporate generosity that is every bit as good as providing health insurance ( I 'm sure that Mr. Gates will make this sort of thing more available should Microsoft prove profitable ) , Slate is once again free .
to commemorate our first anniversary , in an act of incredible corporate generosity that is every bit as good as [giving] health insurance ( i 'm sure that mr. gates will make this sort of thing more available should microsoft prove profitable ) , slate is once again free .

It said the West would have to struggle to reintegrate Russia into international institutions and that the International Monetary Fund should begin this process by providing Russia with a generous loan .
it said the west would have to struggle to reintegrate russia into international institutions and that the international monetary fund should begin this process by [giving] russia with a generous loan .

In The Dark Side of Camelot , of course , Hersh found four ex-agents who told him about JFK 's reckless sexual escapades and about how they were pressed into providing cover .
in the dark side of camelot , of course , hersh found four ex-agents who told him about jfk 's reckless sexual escapades and about how they were pressed into [giving] cover .

Similarly , in Japan the unwritten martial code , Bushido , required warriors to treat their enemies with honor , even providing prisoners of war with medical care .
similarly , in japan the unwritten martial code , bushido , required warriors to treat their enemies with honor , even [giving] prisoners of war with medical care .

In the 1996 election , as the general voter turnout neared a record low , the Hispanic turnout soared , providing the margin of victory in several key elections .
in the 1996 election , as the general voter turnout neared a record low , the hispanic turnout soared , [giving] the margin of victory in several key elections .

We will also be providing the nav bar to users of Netscape Navigator 4 .
we will also be [giving] the nav bar to users of netscape navigator 4 .

Santorum is pro-life , but supports the death penalty ; he opposed NAFTA , but favored GATT ; he wants to balance the budget while providing more pork for Pennsylvania .
santorum is pro-life , but supports the death penalty ; he opposed nafta , but favored gatt ; he wants to balance the budget while [giving] more pork for pennsylvania .

It is half neutral analyst , providing background for policymakers , and half clandestine arm of U.S. foreign policy .
it is half neutral analyst , [giving] background for policymakers , and half clandestine arm of u.s. foreign policy .

The Los Angeles Times leads with the governor 's proposal for providing health care coverage for the children of California 's working poor .
the los angeles times leads with the governor 's proposal for [giving] health care coverage for the children of california 's working poor .

His model is last year 's farm bill , which phased out most other commodity programs while providing transitional assistance during the changeover .
his model is last year 's farm bill , which phased out most other commodity programs while [giving] transitional assistance during the changeover .

Meanwhile , for the upper-middle class , providing for progeny is expensive .
meanwhile , for the upper-middle class , [giving] for progeny is expensive .

These organizations are already prohibited from spending U.S. money on abortion-related activities , but abortion foes argue that giving them money for birth control will let them divert other resources to providing abortions .
these organizations are already prohibited from spending u.s. money on abortion-related activities , but abortion foes argue that giving them money for birth control will let them divert other resources to [giving] abortions .

Charismatic personalities combine transcendent beauty , glamour , or talent with accessibility , providing a way in for people eager to identify with a higher being .
charismatic personalities combine transcendent beauty , glamour , or talent with accessibility , [giving] a way in for people eager to identify with a higher being .

: The school must stick to its goal of providing a high-quality preparatory education .
: the school must stick to its goal of [giving] a high-quality preparatory education .

You hang up to avoid a Belgacom charge , and the computer calls you back , providing you with a stateside dial tone so you can dial as if you were in the United States .
you hang up to avoid a belgacom charge , and the computer calls you back , [giving] you with a stateside dial tone so you can dial as if you were in the united states .

The deal brings Russia the chance to flex its slackened superpower muscles , but at the cost of providing shelter to Belarus ' destitute population , bankrupt government , and bone-dry economy .
the deal brings russia the chance to flex its slackened superpower muscles , but at the cost of [giving] shelter to belarus ' destitute population , bankrupt government , and bone-dry economy .

The New York Times and Washington Post go with the announcement yesterday by Republican congressional leaders that their budget plan will set aside money for Social Security while also providing for a tax cut .
the new york times and washington post go with the announcement yesterday by republican congressional leaders that their budget plan will set aside money for social security while also [giving] for a tax cut .

The WP has the most tactical detail on the incident , saying that the Iraqis fired three missiles without providing radar guidance until the last possible instant , to deny U.S. planes counter-targeting , a technique , the paper points out , that bagged an Air Force pilot over Bosnia in 1995 .
the wp has the most tactical detail on the incident , saying that the iraqis fired three missiles without [giving] radar guidance until the last possible instant , to deny u.s. planes counter-targeting , a technique , the paper points out , that bagged an air force pilot over bosnia in 1995 .

Instead , Madame Secretary proves to be down with the Zeitgeist , providing the latest evidence of the plummeting public image of the film 's writer-director , Jim Cameron .
instead , madame secretary proves to be down with the zeitgeist , [giving] the latest evidence of the plummeting public image of the film 's writer-director , jim cameron .

A big story that broke in yesterday 's WP and Boston Globe was inadvertently omitted from yesterday 's TP ( without getting too specific , let 's just say it had something to do with either a faulty T1 line/browser interface or too much wine with dinner ) : namely that UN weapons inspectors in Iraq had in fact been doing something that Saddam Hussein had long accused them of -- providing the U.S. government with intelligence information not related to their assigned task .
a big story that broke in yesterday 's wp and boston globe was inadvertently omitted from yesterday 's tp ( without getting too specific , let 's just say it had something to do with either a faulty t1 line/browser interface or too much wine with dinner ) : namely that un weapons inspectors in iraq had in fact been doing something that saddam hussein had long accused them of -- [giving] the u.s. government with intelligence information not related to their assigned task .

In the mid-1980 's , reports the paper , a Chinese-American scientist working at the Los Alamos government laboratory sold China the recipe for launching multiple warheads from a single missile , thus providing China with the `` backbone of a modern nuclear force '' and a near-duplicate of one of America 's most advanced atomic tools .
in the mid-1980 's , reports the paper , a chinese-american scientist working at the los alamos government laboratory sold china the recipe for launching multiple warheads from a single missile , thus [giving] china with the `` backbone of a modern nuclear force '' and a near-duplicate of one of america 's most advanced atomic tools .

The papers do a good job of providing the historical context to all this -- that the Kurds , numbering some 25 million and without their own country , have sought one since the 1920s .
the papers do a good job of [giving] the historical context to all this -- that the kurds , numbering some 25 million and without their own country , have sought one since the 1920s .

The Washington Post runs as its off-lead a story nobody else fronts -- the comment by the federal judge who oversaw the Paula Jones lawsuit that she will explore the possibility of imposing civil sanctions against President Clinton for providing misleading testimony about his affair with Monica Lewinsky in the case .
the washington post runs as its off-lead a story nobody else fronts -- the comment by the federal judge who oversaw the paula jones lawsuit that she will explore the possibility of imposing civil sanctions against president clinton for [giving] misleading testimony about his affair with monica lewinsky in the case .

Employing the jobless and providing lasting benefits for the community as a whole 22 .
employing the jobless and [giving] lasting benefits for the community as a whole 22 .

The NYT and LAT fronts report that Planned Parenthood and several doctors have brought a private federal civil suit against the proprietors of an anti-abortion Web site that suggests abortion providers are like Nazis and groups the names and faces of some doctors providing the procedure on a Wanted Poster-style list it calls the `` Deadly Dozen . ''
the nyt and lat fronts report that planned parenthood and several doctors have brought a private federal civil suit against the proprietors of an anti-abortion web site that suggests abortion providers are like nazis and groups the names and faces of some doctors [giving] the procedure on a wanted poster-style list it calls the `` deadly dozen . ''

David Kendall , Clinton 's personal lawyer , has been negotiating with the Starr camp about possible means of providing information to the Independent Counsel without forcing the first ever appearance of an acting President before a grand jury .
david kendall , clinton 's personal lawyer , has been negotiating with the starr camp about possible means of [giving] information to the independent counsel without forcing the first ever appearance of an acting president before a grand jury .

The NYT says the summit turned out to have more substantive results than were predicted : an arms accord providing for the sharing of nuclear missile launch warning data and the disposal of bomb-grade plutonium .
the nyt says the summit turned out to have more substantive results than were predicted : an arms accord [giving] for the sharing of nuclear missile launch warning data and the disposal of bomb-grade plutonium .

Previously , it had generally been held that non-proliferation could be secured via providing for the security needs of the nuclear have-nots , but , says Rosenfeld , India and Pakistan did n't really build their bombs to address security concerns .
previously , it had generally been held that non-proliferation could be secured via [giving] for the security needs of the nuclear have-nots , but , says rosenfeld , india and pakistan did n't really build their bombs to address security concerns .

Thought is being given to providing separate instructional materials to peanut-allergic children .
thought is being given to [giving] separate instructional materials to peanut-allergic children .

The story says the reforms the reports call for include providing more education for researchers and preventing conflicts of interest , but does n't elaborate .
the story says the reforms the reports call for include [giving] more education for researchers and preventing conflicts of interest , but does n't elaborate .

The Washington Post goes with a report being released today by congressional Democrats documenting that the tobacco industry is providing more travel to members of Congress on corporate jets than any other industry .
the washington post goes with a report being released today by congressional democrats documenting that the tobacco industry is [giving] more travel to members of congress on corporate jets than any other industry .

It would be nice to think that while linguists were working so hard to organize languages , they were working alongside the archaeologists who were providing the raw materials .
it would be nice to think that while linguists were working so hard to organize languages , they were working alongside the archaeologists who were [giving] the raw materials .

In essence , this is a versatile two-way bilingual ( Russian English ) collocation dictionary providing information about how to intensify , heighten , or escalate the basic meanings of nouns on the one hand , and verbs and adjectives on the other , by qualifying them with adjectives and adverbs , respectively .
in essence , this is a versatile two-way bilingual ( russian english ) collocation dictionary [giving] information about how to intensify , heighten , or escalate the basic meanings of nouns on the one hand , and verbs and adjectives on the other , by qualifying them with adjectives and adverbs , respectively .

Besides providing early aspiration for many words , h did yeoman service in front of the consonants l , n , r , and w .
besides [giving] early aspiration for many words , h did yeoman service in front of the consonants l , n , r , and w .

When I was young , we took family vacations near Lake Huron , where pronunciation was subject to the same lack of certainty , providing the potential for some proverbial southwestern Ontario jocularity .
when i was young , we took family vacations near lake huron , where pronunciation was subject to the same lack of certainty , [giving] the potential for some proverbial southwestern ontario jocularity .

Part III : SUBJECTS consists of three categories of specialized words and phrases , which are further divided into 36 subjects , each of which , through an illustrative example and a wide selection of exercises entries , provides additional practice in dissecting , analyzing , reconstructing , defining , and providing commentaries for English words .
part iii : subjects consists of three categories of specialized words and phrases , which are further divided into 36 subjects , each of which , through an illustrative example and a wide selection of exercises entries , provides additional practice in dissecting , analyzing , reconstructing , defining , and [giving] commentaries for english words .

It often astonishes me that publishers -- at whose door such shortcomings must be laid -- can put out books that contain a huge amount of valuable information , then effectively deny access to it by providing , in the worst case , no index at all and , in many instances , an improverished index .
it often astonishes me that publishers -- at whose door such shortcomings must be laid -- can put out books that contain a huge amount of valuable information , then effectively deny access to it by [giving] , in the worst case , no index at all and , in many instances , an improverished index .

Maggio does not get bent out of shape about these , providing the following advice :
maggio does not get bent out of shape about these , [giving] the following advice :

Bottom-up progression : the young being inducted into school at an early age and proceeding , level by level , to institutions of ever “ higher ” learning , stopping off for various reasons at various levels , usually marked by tests and the distribution of certificates providing a social grade .
bottom-up progression : the young being inducted into school at an early age and proceeding , level by level , to institutions of ever “ higher ” learning , stopping off for various reasons at various levels , usually marked by tests and the distribution of certificates [giving] a social grade .

The specialty of medicine which deals with providing , supervising , and coordinating the continuing general medical care of patients of all ages , primarily in family groups .
the specialty of medicine which deals with [giving] , supervising , and coordinating the continuing general medical care of patients of all ages , primarily in family groups .

Lex Talionis The law of retaliation , providing that the punishment should be in the same kind as the crime : an eye for an eye .
lex talionis the law of retaliation , [giving] that the punishment should be in the same kind as the crime : an eye for an eye .

In 1788 the Scarsdale Town Board passed a law providing , “ that if any Hogs trespass not being Ringed or Snouted and yoked that it shall be lawful to drive them to Pound . ”
in 1788 the scarsdale town board passed a law [giving] , “ that if any hogs trespass not being ringed or snouted and yoked that it shall be lawful to drive them to pound . ”

Laurence Urdang The Oxford Encyclopedic English Dictionary Reviewing dictionaries of this kind -- those similar in content and purpose to what are called “ college ” or “ desk ” dictionaries in the US -- is probably quite useless in providing guidance to potential purchasers : there is always the temptation to carp at omissions , cavil at what are seen as infelicities in defining and other information , and argue one 's case against the theories that are reflected in the organization of the text .
laurence urdang the oxford encyclopedic english dictionary reviewing dictionaries of this kind -- those similar in content and purpose to what are called “ college ” or “ desk ” dictionaries in the us -- is probably quite useless in [giving] guidance to potential purchasers : there is always the temptation to carp at omissions , cavil at what are seen as infelicities in defining and other information , and argue one 's case against the theories that are reflected in the organization of the text .

Sun Read by the people who do n't care who runs the bloody country providing she 's got bit tits .
sun read by the people who do n't care who runs the bloody country [giving] she 's got bit tits .

Since readers are already using their imagination when reading a novel , a good writer must simply encourage them to imagine what a character 's speech may actually sound like by providing them with a smattering of eye-dialect markers .
since readers are already using their imagination when reading a novel , a good writer must simply encourage them to imagine what a character 's speech may actually sound like by [giving] them with a smattering of eye-dialect markers .

The publication of that part of the record we do have , however imperfect , will still , we hope , give new impetus to this enlightening , often fascinating study by providing a foundation on which to build .
the publication of that part of the record we do have , however imperfect , will still , we hope , give new impetus to this enlightening , often fascinating study by [giving] a foundation on which to build .

At the present rate , French , which still appears along with English in my American passport and which sometimes still fills full-page ads in The New Yorker , may wind up like Greek—a language providing access to the roots of world culture but hardly worth learning for the conduct of mundane affairs .
at the present rate , french , which still appears along with english in my american passport and which sometimes still fills full-page ads in the new yorker , may wind up like greek—a language [giving] access to the roots of world culture but hardly worth learning for the conduct of mundane affairs .

My own children are providing me with new linguistic seeds to plant .
my own children are [giving] me with new linguistic seeds to plant .

The problem has been anticipated by using more than one synonym and by providing entries under both .
the problem has been anticipated by using more than one synonym and by [giving] entries under both .

The dilemma can be resolved either by attempting a definition ( which no one will understand ) or by providing a superficial pass at a definition couched in language suggesting that the user can find no succor in the work in hand .
the dilemma can be resolved either by attempting a definition ( which no one will understand ) or by [giving] a superficial pass at a definition couched in language suggesting that the user can find no succor in the work in hand .

On every page , the quotations are numbered sequentially , providing a quick reference point for the Index , which lists quotations by their key words , in some cases listing them more than once : for example , By their fruits ye shall know them is listed in the Index both under fruits and under know .
on every page , the quotations are numbered sequentially , [giving] a quick reference point for the index , which lists quotations by their key words , in some cases listing them more than once : for example , by their fruits ye shall know them is listed in the index both under fruits and under know .

As frustrating as this might be , it does have one advantage of providing plenty of ammunition for games of oneupmanship !
as frustrating as this might be , it does have one advantage of [giving] plenty of ammunition for games of oneupmanship !

Where a basic occupation centers on livestock , as in Biblical Judea or parts of the American West or the Australian bush , the stockman 's jargon is bound to be a main source of metaphors , whether the subject be marital transgression as in the banter at our picnic , or the Lord 's providing for His flock as in the Twenty-third Psalm , or national character as in “ Waltzing Matilda. ” A Dictionary of English Place-Names Place-names have many different “ meanings. ” We could all write down a list of names which are personally meaningful , recalling places where we have lived and loved .
where a basic occupation centers on livestock , as in biblical judea or parts of the american west or the australian bush , the stockman 's jargon is bound to be a main source of metaphors , whether the subject be marital transgression as in the banter at our picnic , or the lord 's [giving] for his flock as in the twenty-third psalm , or national character as in “ waltzing matilda. ” a dictionary of english place-names place-names have many different “ meanings. ” we could all write down a list of names which are personally meaningful , recalling places where we have lived and loved .

