He had obtained and provisioned a veteran ship called the Discovery and had recruited a crew of twenty-one , the largest he had ever commanded .
he had obtained and [given] a veteran ship called the discovery and had recruited a crew of twenty-one , the largest he had ever commanded .

There is no natural landing place , the seas are fierce , and permission to land is only given to groups who are have a suitable boat , and who are well provisioned , capable , and with a proven interest in an outdoor topic .
there is no natural landing place , the seas are fierce , and permission to land is only given to groups who are have a suitable boat , and who are well [given] , capable , and with a proven interest in an outdoor topic .

An Inquisitor could commandeer whatsoever he wished ; and Jaq had provisioned his own ship exquisitely .
an inquisitor could commandeer whatsoever he wished ; and jaq had [given] his own ship exquisitely .

‘ Well now that you 've single-handedly won the war on drugs , perhaps you can do something useful , like scrub the deck ? ’ We had only this one day to resupply and prepare Wavebreaker for her last charter , which meant the schooner had to be refuelled and provisioned , her carpets must be vacuumed , her bilges poisoned against rats and cockroaches , her galley made spotless , her deck scrubbed and her brightwork polished .
‘ well now that you 've single-handedly won the war on drugs , perhaps you can do something useful , like scrub the deck ? ’ we had only this one day to resupply and prepare wavebreaker for her last charter , which meant the schooner had to be refuelled and [given] , her carpets must be vacuumed , her bilges poisoned against rats and cockroaches , her galley made spotless , her deck scrubbed and her brightwork polished .

There he was provisioned with every known variety of soft drink , and kept virtually incommunicado until it was time for him to travel to Broadcasting House .
there he was [given] with every known variety of soft drink , and kept virtually incommunicado until it was time for him to travel to broadcasting house .

Whenever they reached an island that was likely to be visited by European sailors again , they would release a few pigs , to run wild , multiply and form a permanent supply of protein — on islands seemingly not well provisioned for humans .
whenever they reached an island that was likely to be visited by european sailors again , they would release a few pigs , to run wild , multiply and form a permanent supply of protein — on islands seemingly not well [given] for humans .

The glass was provisioned against attack .
the glass was [given] against attack .

With refits and repairs the upkeep of the fleet by 1750 probably exceeded £500,000 a year , and the wartime floating population which had to be provisioned exceeded that of any town save London .
with refits and repairs the upkeep of the fleet by 1750 probably exceeded £500,000 a year , and the wartime floating population which had to be [given] exceeded that of any town save london .

King Henry himself , with the third army , struck due west from Shrewsbury for Welshpool , strongly garrisoned and lavishly provisioned as an advanced base .
king henry himself , with the third army , struck due west from shrewsbury for welshpool , strongly garrisoned and lavishly [given] as an advanced base .

These depict foppish dwellings , tastefully furnished in plain wood and provisioned with all kinds of ‘ environmentally-friendly ’ gadgets .
these depict foppish dwellings , tastefully furnished in plain wood and [given] with all kinds of ‘ environmentally-friendly ’ gadgets .

The lord Bastard had provisioned the city .
the lord bastard had [given] the city .

