Magilton this time the provider .
magilton this time the [giver] .

Slater was again the provider for Payton 's second goal with a cross from the right which the striker headed away from Burridge .
slater was again the [giver] for payton 's second goal with a cross from the right which the striker headed away from burridge .

The producer or service provider does too , and the first thing any prudent producer does is look to the quality of his raw material .
the producer or service [giver] does too , and the first thing any prudent producer does is look to the quality of his raw material .

Seven minutes into the second period Gavin Currie got his name on the score sheet with Atkins the provider and in the 47th minute Mervyn Cooke scored from the edge of the circle .
seven minutes into the second period gavin currie got his name on the score sheet with atkins the [giver] and in the 47th minute mervyn cooke scored from the edge of the circle .

The kind of hands that got on with everything — a provider 's hands .
the kind of hands that got on with everything — a [giver] 's hands .

’ Housing Associations are now the main provider of social housing , not local authorities .
’ housing associations are now the main [giver] of social housing , not local authorities .

It is a better provider of energy than chocolate because of the lack of fat , plus it comprises a balance of three different natural sugars ; glucose , fructose and sucrose .
it is a better [giver] of energy than chocolate because of the lack of fat , plus it comprises a balance of three different natural sugars ; glucose , fructose and sucrose .

It thus becomes a major provider of information on the industry as a whole , so that the analyst has much material for study .
it thus becomes a major [giver] of information on the industry as a whole , so that the analyst has much material for study .

Data retrieval service provider Phonelink Datacare Plc intends to float on the Unlisted Securities Market to fund growth .
data retrieval service [giver] phonelink datacare plc intends to float on the unlisted securities market to fund growth .

Granada Group Plc 's third party maintenance provider , Granada Computer Services , believes its new React Centre and reorganised customer services operation will enable it to take the big manufacturers head on .
granada group plc 's third party maintenance [giver] , granada computer services , believes its new react centre and reorganised customer services operation will enable it to take the big manufacturers head on .

In economic terms the state has now become a mammoth corporation which produces coal , steel , oil , gas and electricity ; the primary source of rail and major source of air and other transport services ; the greatest property and house owner in the whole country ; a provider of most educational and health services ; a massive supplier of welfare services , for the young , the old , the pregnant , the unemployed , the disabled and the poor ; and a disposer of grants and subsidies on a scale hitherto unknown in human societies .
in economic terms the state has now become a mammoth corporation which produces coal , steel , oil , gas and electricity ; the primary source of rail and major source of air and other transport services ; the greatest property and house owner in the whole country ; a [giver] of most educational and health services ; a massive supplier of welfare services , for the young , the old , the pregnant , the unemployed , the disabled and the poor ; and a disposer of grants and subsidies on a scale hitherto unknown in human societies .

The foreword is by Chris Bonington who gives a deserved endorsement to the book and to Greenbank 's credentials as the provider of such enjoyable escapism .
the foreword is by chris bonington who gives a deserved endorsement to the book and to greenbank 's credentials as the [giver] of such enjoyable escapism .

Shares in London 's water provider fell 7p to 485p in a rising stock market after the company announced a profits increase of just 5% to £124m to end-September .
shares in london 's water [giver] fell 7p to 485p in a rising stock market after the company announced a profits increase of just 5% to £124m to end-september .

To buy a phone you must go to a service provider , a dealer or one of the increasing number of retail stockists .
to buy a phone you must go to a service [giver] , a dealer or one of the increasing number of retail stockists .

Provider : The individual member in resonse to a demand from their employer or from the market eg publications , conference organiser Subject matter : This covers ‘ specialist ’ knowledge and possibly the application .
[giver] : the individual member in resonse to a demand from their employer or from the market eg publications , conference organiser subject matter : this covers ‘ specialist ’ knowledge and possibly the application .

Domestic arts is housework , sex-care provider is a prostitute and a shoplifter is really a non-traditional shopper .
domestic arts is housework , sex-care [giver] is a prostitute and a shoplifter is really a non-traditional shopper .

the potential recourse of the provider of finance is clearly limited solely to the funds generated by the asset it finances , with no right of recourse whatsoever to other assets of the entity ; and
the potential recourse of the [giver] of finance is clearly limited solely to the funds generated by the asset it finances , with no right of recourse whatsoever to other assets of the entity ; and

‘ What ever you want to be in life , you want to be with Prudential , ’ goes the slogan from the country 's largest pensions and life assurance provider .
‘ what ever you want to be in life , you want to be with prudential , ’ goes the slogan from the country 's largest pensions and life assurance [giver] .

Health departments had achieved a clearer separation of purchases and provider functions , and much more effective methods of needs assessment at the district-wide level .
health departments had achieved a clearer separation of purchases and [giver] functions , and much more effective methods of needs assessment at the district-wide level .

establishing a provider presence on the new Joint Commissioning Forum ( replacing the Joint Care Planning Team ) , which recognises the provider 's contribution to commissioning .
establishing a [giver] presence on the new joint commissioning forum ( replacing the joint care planning team ) , which recognises the [giver] 's contribution to commissioning .

‘ It is against the spirit of the reforms to retain the provider in-house .
‘ it is against the spirit of the reforms to retain the [giver] in-house .

The Labour-dominated Association of London Authorities concedes there is a trend to develop a form of provider and purchasing separation .
the labour-dominated association of london authorities concedes there is a trend to develop a form of [giver] and purchasing separation .

If Bridges is right , this still does not avoid possible legal argument over the ‘ reasonableness ’ of the contract between purchaser and provider , nor over how well contracts are complied with .
if bridges is right , this still does not avoid possible legal argument over the ‘ reasonableness ’ of the contract between purchaser and [giver] , nor over how well contracts are complied with .

After all , Michael was the main provider .
after all , michael was the main [giver] .

Sometimes , the state is the best provider .
sometimes , the state is the best [giver] .

In health care , government can pool risks and use its muscle to keep down costs better than any private provider .
in health care , government can pool risks and use its muscle to keep down costs better than any private [giver] .

‘ We know we are a competitive provider of mortgages and savings products , ’ says David Gilchrist , head of corporate strategy .
‘ we know we are a competitive [giver] of mortgages and savings products , ’ says david gilchrist , head of corporate strategy .

In general , the working man may function at any level from the senior partner in high technology operations to the provider of muscle power in physically demanding jobs .
in general , the working man may function at any level from the senior partner in high technology operations to the [giver] of muscle power in physically demanding jobs .

Marin Ceauşescu 's position at the Romanian Foreign Trade Mission in Vienna made him the provider of the family 's needs when it came to everyday items from razor blades to video films .
marin ceauşescu 's position at the romanian foreign trade mission in vienna made him the [giver] of the family 's needs when it came to everyday items from razor blades to video films .

At the same time , he was anxious to foster Romania 's influence in the region as a supplier of arms and the provider of a safe haven for the training of Palestinian terrorists , among others .
at the same time , he was anxious to foster romania 's influence in the region as a supplier of arms and the [giver] of a safe haven for the training of palestinian terrorists , among others .

By far the largest provider of maternity welfare in the south was the Plaistow Maternity Hospital .
by far the largest [giver] of maternity welfare in the south was the plaistow maternity hospital .

Of less significance as a provider , but in the long term a more powerful agent of change , was the Canning Town Health Society .
of less significance as a [giver] , but in the long term a more powerful agent of change , was the canning town health society .

The authority will be purchasers and enablers of care , but not necessarily a provider of care .
the authority will be purchasers and enablers of care , but not necessarily a [giver] of care .

Authorities will develop specifications for services and then reach contractual agreements with provider agencies such as voluntary or private organizations .
authorities will develop specifications for services and then reach contractual agreements with [giver] agencies such as voluntary or private organizations .

Some people prefer to be called ‘ clients ’ , a term which suggests a rather more active participative role in a dialogue where the professional service provider negotiates an agreed course of action with the recipient of his services .
some people prefer to be called ‘ clients ’ , a term which suggests a rather more active participative role in a dialogue where the professional service [giver] negotiates an agreed course of action with the recipient of his services .

As we have seen , the franchised hamburger and fast food restaurants and hotel chains stand or fall on their ability to supply a reliable , predictable , high-quality product or service in a situation which is remote from the centre and where the actual provider is quite low down the corporate hierarchy .
as we have seen , the franchised hamburger and fast food restaurants and hotel chains stand or fall on their ability to supply a reliable , predictable , high-quality product or service in a situation which is remote from the centre and where the actual [giver] is quite low down the corporate hierarchy .

Thus the quality of the environment which is required to provide autonomy of action and personal freedoms has to be rigidly defined in the care system , but within this system the care provider has considerable freedom and responsibility .
thus the quality of the environment which is required to provide autonomy of action and personal freedoms has to be rigidly defined in the care system , but within this system the care [giver] has considerable freedom and responsibility .

Service courses , to judge by what one hears , are a frequent source of irritation on both sides , with the provider unhappy about cannibalizing or trivializing his or her discipline and the consumer complaining that the course is not geared or geared down to his or her needs .
service courses , to judge by what one hears , are a frequent source of irritation on both sides , with the [giver] unhappy about cannibalizing or trivializing his or her discipline and the consumer complaining that the course is not geared or geared down to his or her needs .

In the last two years , Hanson has been seen as a provider of last resort , as someone to whom the Government can turn for relief , especially its privatization programme runs into problems .
in the last two years , hanson has been seen as a [giver] of last resort , as someone to whom the government can turn for relief , especially its privatization programme runs into problems .

For example , government provision of housing may be seen as a response to the inadequacies of the market as a provider of houses , but it has also transformed the character of that market .
for example , government provision of housing may be seen as a response to the inadequacies of the market as a [giver] of houses , but it has also transformed the character of that market .

These 10 practices were selected to match the controls as far as possible in terms of practice size , location , and main provider unit .
these 10 practices were selected to match the controls as far as possible in terms of practice size , location , and main [giver] unit .

Two practices used different provider units in phase 2 for individual specialties : in both cases this involved arranging for consultants from the new provider units ( in orthopaedics and urology ) to see patients on the practice premises .
two practices used different [giver] units in phase 2 for individual specialties : in both cases this involved arranging for consultants from the new [giver] units ( in orthopaedics and urology ) to see patients on the practice premises .

No attempt had been made to vet his suitability as a home care provider , he said .
no attempt had been made to vet his suitability as a home care [giver] , he said .

Provider units have expressed fears that fundholders might seek advantage through contracts .
[giver] units have expressed fears that fundholders might seek advantage through contracts .

As the contracting process evolves individual practices might try to make their contracts more specific , but identifying patients from such practices to meet different contractual demands might prove expensive for the provider units .
as the contracting process evolves individual practices might try to make their contracts more specific , but identifying patients from such practices to meet different contractual demands might prove expensive for the [giver] units .

For example , a provider could seek to increase profits by trimming the quality of care or a purchaser to reduce costs by manipulating information or concealing intentions ( for instance , about the number of patients it will be referring under a block contract or their health status ) .
for example , a [giver] could seek to increase profits by trimming the quality of care or a purchaser to reduce costs by manipulating information or concealing intentions ( for instance , about the number of patients it will be referring under a block contract or their health status ) .

As the debate about contracting , fundholding , rationing , waiting list initiatives , and the patient 's charter rages it is important to document the incidence of complications , which — unlike the primary condition — are often treated in local provider units .
as the debate about contracting , fundholding , rationing , waiting list initiatives , and the patient 's charter rages it is important to document the incidence of complications , which — unlike the primary condition — are often treated in local [giver] units .

This important change marked the introduction of the purchaser/provider split in social services practice , with the care manager clearly identified as a purchaser but not as a provider of services .
this important change marked the introduction of the purchaser/provider split in social services practice , with the care manager clearly identified as a purchaser but not as a [giver] of services .

Purchaser and provider divisions have been established in both health and social services authorities , but the splits occur at different levels .
purchaser and [giver] divisions have been established in both health and social services authorities , but the splits occur at different levels .

Clinics should be managed within each provider unit to take this into account .
clinics should be managed within each [giver] unit to take this into account .

Men may have more difficulty with delayed physical maturity , and in fulfilling the traditional male societal role of ‘ provider ’ when faced with chronic medical problems .
men may have more difficulty with delayed physical maturity , and in fulfilling the traditional male societal role of ‘ [giver] ’ when faced with chronic medical problems .

Meanwhile the problem for the health service is that although the health authority sits on the policy group and is a coauthor of the community care plan , the work gets done — and the problems arise — in provider units .
meanwhile the problem for the health service is that although the health authority sits on the policy group and is a coauthor of the community care plan , the work gets done — and the problems arise — in [giver] units .

According to the government 's rhetoric , a fundamental change in the relationship between the provider and the recipient of care and treatment will transform the nature of services themselves .
according to the government 's rhetoric , a fundamental change in the relationship between the [giver] and the recipient of care and treatment will transform the nature of services themselves .

The mortals believed that she was the provider of great riches until a seven-headed monster called The Cabinet destroyed her with the Golden Hair of Heseltine .
the mortals believed that she was the [giver] of great riches until a seven-headed monster called the cabinet destroyed her with the golden hair of heseltine .

Accordingly , we would see our modelling approach as an input to corporate debates over resource allocation , not as a provider of prescriptive advice .
accordingly , we would see our modelling approach as an input to corporate debates over resource allocation , not as a [giver] of prescriptive advice .

At this stage marketing is seen as an important provider of information to support the organization 's sales effort .
at this stage marketing is seen as an important [giver] of information to support the organization 's sales effort .

Local government is both a provider of services to a local authority and an instrument of democratic self-government .
local government is both a [giver] of services to a local authority and an instrument of democratic self-government .

Some observers , like Sharpe ( 1970 ) , argue that the strongest justification for elected local government is its claim to be an efficient provider of services .
some observers , like sharpe ( 1970 ) , argue that the strongest justification for elected local government is its claim to be an efficient [giver] of services .

While such claims are today being challenged by the proponents of privatization , it is as an efficient provider of services that the claims of local government mainly seem to rest .
while such claims are today being challenged by the proponents of privatization , it is as an efficient [giver] of services that the claims of local government mainly seem to rest .

These moves will also mean that the probation service has to stop seeing itself as the exclusive provider of services and facilities : it is suggested that other voluntary or private sectors may make better provision .
these moves will also mean that the probation service has to stop seeing itself as the exclusive [giver] of services and facilities : it is suggested that other voluntary or private sectors may make better provision .

However , as there is a shift away from the concept of the State as a provider , and more towards the private sector making provision on a market basis , there arises an alteration in the balance of social power .
however , as there is a shift away from the concept of the state as a [giver] , and more towards the private sector making provision on a market basis , there arises an alteration in the balance of social power .

As in any business , the successful direct marketing service provider is constantly looking for ways to improve the systems employed , and thus improve the volume of high quality response which the marketer can achieve from his/her campaigns .
as in any business , the successful direct marketing service [giver] is constantly looking for ways to improve the systems employed , and thus improve the volume of high quality response which the marketer can achieve from his/her campaigns .

The benefit of such consolidations — or perhaps more accurately the disadvantage of not treating a customer in his entirety — is nicely illustrated by my own personal experience with a highly respected financial services provider .
the benefit of such consolidations — or perhaps more accurately the disadvantage of not treating a customer in his entirety — is nicely illustrated by my own personal experience with a highly respected financial services [giver] .

Griffiths follows the orthodox welfare pluralist approach in which the state 's role ( local authorities in this case ) as a direct provider of welfare is diminished , and the roles of the informal , voluntary and private sectors are increased . This approach is clearly expressed in the following passage :
griffiths follows the orthodox welfare pluralist approach in which the state 's role ( local authorities in this case ) as a direct [giver] of welfare is diminished , and the roles of the informal , voluntary and private sectors are increased . this approach is clearly expressed in the following passage :

The scientific developments have been created by co-operation between the service provider , the service consumer and the expert and this has been our approach .
the scientific developments have been created by co-operation between the service [giver] , the service consumer and the expert and this has been our approach .

Another effect was that it engineered a prevailing mood of despair about the quality of urban and industrial life which in turn bred a determination to rebuild and sweep away the past when the time came — which it did , in the 1940s when town planning was able to assume the mantle of the new provider .
another effect was that it engineered a prevailing mood of despair about the quality of urban and industrial life which in turn bred a determination to rebuild and sweep away the past when the time came — which it did , in the 1940s when town planning was able to assume the mantle of the new [giver] .

The dexterity of the woman in the electronic industry is renowned and invaluable and if the new technology of computer science is to grow significantly it will do little to help the man of the house to regain his dignity as the main provider and head of the household .
the dexterity of the woman in the electronic industry is renowned and invaluable and if the new technology of computer science is to grow significantly it will do little to help the man of the house to regain his dignity as the main [giver] and head of the household .

Alternatively there may be a direct cash relationship between the service provider and the customer .
alternatively there may be a direct cash relationship between the service [giver] and the customer .

Student Services is a user and a provider of lodgings and accommodation data about all students , including those on the Modular Course , and has access to the student management system for this purpose .
student services is a user and a [giver] of lodgings and accommodation data about all students , including those on the modular course , and has access to the student management system for this purpose .

The provider role is not emphasized in the brokerage model which involves ensuring that others provide the needed services .
the [giver] role is not emphasized in the brokerage model which involves ensuring that others provide the needed services .

Secondly , the workforce undertaking the assessment has been expensively trained as professional providers ; not only is the role of assessor without being a provider an inherently unsatisfactory one for these people , but the emphasis upon dispassionate , creative professional judgement as the arbiter of resource allocation , resource creation , and resource co-ordination , is entirely removed from the scene .
secondly , the workforce undertaking the assessment has been expensively trained as professional providers ; not only is the role of assessor without being a [giver] an inherently unsatisfactory one for these people , but the emphasis upon dispassionate , creative professional judgement as the arbiter of resource allocation , resource creation , and resource co-ordination , is entirely removed from the scene .

This depends largely upon whose perspective we adopt : purchaser , provider , or consumer .
this depends largely upon whose perspective we adopt : purchaser , [giver] , or consumer .

In the very depressed mortgage market , the commercials have clearly also been successful in terms of raising public awareness of the Royal Bank as a provider for their next mortgage .
in the very depressed mortgage market , the commercials have clearly also been successful in terms of raising public awareness of the royal bank as a [giver] for their next mortgage .

As the Royal Bank is firmly established as a leading provider of services to the securities industry it was natural for it to assume responsibility .
as the royal bank is firmly established as a leading [giver] of services to the securities industry it was natural for it to assume responsibility .

It will be supplemented by the Care Plan for the individual service user , to be discussed and agreed with the provider and attached as an appendix .
it will be supplemented by the care plan for the individual service user , to be discussed and agreed with the [giver] and attached as an appendix .

The contract conditions set out standard obligations and requirements which apply to the purchaser , the provider , or both ; and details of the method for invoicing and payment which will be used .
the contract conditions set out standard obligations and requirements which apply to the purchaser , the [giver] , or both ; and details of the method for invoicing and payment which will be used .

You will be obliged to progress a case until you have formed a view on liability whether or not it has been vetted by the work provider .
you will be obliged to progress a case until you have formed a view on liability whether or not it has been vetted by the work [giver] .

This is a major issue for an information provider , such as a library , because it draws attention to the obligation to supply support for users of a new and different kind , and to develop ways to reduce the dependence of historians of the future upon the support of more and more highly skilled staff .
this is a major issue for an information [giver] , such as a library , because it draws attention to the obligation to supply support for users of a new and different kind , and to develop ways to reduce the dependence of historians of the future upon the support of more and more highly skilled staff .

It would be a breach of the first principle if the data subject , or data provider , were deceived or misled about the purpose for which the data were obtained , held , used or disclosed .
it would be a breach of the first principle if the data subject , or data [giver] , were deceived or misled about the purpose for which the data were obtained , held , used or disclosed .

The equity provider
the equity [giver]

Though the management team is central , it is likely ( particularly in a large transaction ) that the equity provider or venture capitalist will play the most critical role in ensuring that the buy-out reaches fruition .
though the management team is central , it is likely ( particularly in a large transaction ) that the equity [giver] or venture capitalist will play the most critical role in ensuring that the buy-out reaches fruition .

The equity provider — often a bank or investment company , although it may be an individual — is the major investor and , in effect , the ultimate purchaser of the business .
the equity [giver] — often a bank or investment company , although it may be an individual — is the major investor and , in effect , the ultimate purchaser of the business .

The equity provider will undertake a number of sizeable tasks such as : ( 1 ) Assessing the target .
the equity [giver] will undertake a number of sizeable tasks such as : ( 1 ) assessing the target .

The debt provider
the debt [giver]

The rights of the preference shareholders rank behind those of the provider of debt and the creditors , but before those of the ordinary shareholders .
the rights of the preference shareholders rank behind those of the [giver] of debt and the creditors , but before those of the ordinary shareholders .

Worknet sees itself as an employment and training facilitator and provider , an organisation which with the support of the community within which it operates , works on the skills of the individual within the community .
worknet sees itself as an employment and training facilitator and [giver] , an organisation which with the support of the community within which it operates , works on the skills of the individual within the community .

The disqualification stands on the proposition that , where there is no market so that the user can not by taking his custom elsewhere , discipline the provider , it is wrong to adopt any form which creates a right and duty to use the monopoly so as to satisfy the interests of an exclusive group of owners , as against those of the users .
the disqualification stands on the proposition that , where there is no market so that the user can not by taking his custom elsewhere , discipline the [giver] , it is wrong to adopt any form which creates a right and duty to use the monopoly so as to satisfy the interests of an exclusive group of owners , as against those of the users .

The Church of England as the major provider of denominational schools felt amply compensated for this loss by the new rate subsidies .
the church of england as the major [giver] of denominational schools felt amply compensated for this loss by the new rate subsidies .

Responsibility for their welfare and early learning experiences has traditionally rested with the family , but some would argue that the family is losing its viability as the primary provider for children .
responsibility for their welfare and early learning experiences has traditionally rested with the family , but some would argue that the family is losing its viability as the primary [giver] for children .

The fundamental shift is from provider to enabler .
the fundamental shift is from [giver] to enabler .

the carer ( a service provider and ‘ relative ’ are equally culpable ) ;
the carer ( a service [giver] and ‘ relative ’ are equally culpable ) ;

Two dangers of the purchaser-provider split are that collaboration among health care professionals may be undermined and the provider aspects of the public health role may become removed from the purchasing role .
two dangers of the purchaser-provider split are that collaboration among health care professionals may be undermined and the [giver] aspects of the public health role may become removed from the purchasing role .

This would permit an accurate assessment of current purchaser and provider research and development activity , interest , expertise , and capacity and develop a framework for maintaining this .
this would permit an accurate assessment of current purchaser and [giver] research and development activity , interest , expertise , and capacity and develop a framework for maintaining this .

It is the responsibility of fundholding general practices to decide priorities for research in the context of the population 's needs and the contracts set with each provider .
it is the responsibility of fundholding general practices to decide priorities for research in the context of the population 's needs and the contracts set with each [giver] .

Assistance Publique 's responsibility as the community hospital system for the poor of Paris is constantly in danger of being overwhelmed by its newer role as the country 's leading provider of tertiary referral services .
assistance publique 's responsibility as the community hospital system for the poor of paris is constantly in danger of being overwhelmed by its newer role as the country 's leading [giver] of tertiary referral services .

The timing of these changes and the details of the structures adopted varied between the countries comprising the United Kingdom , but ‘ as a service provider , local government in Scotland developed at broadly the same pace as local government in England and Wales ’ ( Page 1983:43 ; cf .
the timing of these changes and the details of the structures adopted varied between the countries comprising the united kingdom , but ‘ as a service [giver] , local government in scotland developed at broadly the same pace as local government in england and wales ’ ( page 1983:43 ; cf .

The private sector makes a major contribution in the field of elective surgery such as hip replacements and is now also a significant provider of long-term care for the elderly via the development of private residential and nursing homes ( see Chapter 8 ) .
the private sector makes a major contribution in the field of elective surgery such as hip replacements and is now also a significant [giver] of long-term care for the elderly via the development of private residential and nursing homes ( see chapter 8 ) .

The voluntary sector is also a provider of social care as are housing departments/associations and , increasingly , the private sector .
the voluntary sector is also a [giver] of social care as are housing departments/associations and , increasingly , the private sector .

The inspection section must work at arm 's length from the provider units , and so on .
the inspection section must work at arm 's length from the [giver] units , and so on .

Overall these data indicate that the informal sector is the main provider of help to older people , especially with the personal and household tasks which are required to maintain them in the community .
overall these data indicate that the informal sector is the main [giver] of help to older people , especially with the personal and household tasks which are required to maintain them in the community .

Historically general practice has been largely independent of the rest of the health service , but this independence is now restricting its influence over the remodelling of the health service into a purchaser and provider system .
historically general practice has been largely independent of the rest of the health service , but this independence is now restricting its influence over the remodelling of the health service into a purchaser and [giver] system .

Finding spare provider capacity and moving appropriate volumes of work to those areas
finding spare [giver] capacity and moving appropriate volumes of work to those areas

primary care provider unit
primary care [giver] unit

This unit or trust will be formed from the provider arms of the current community unit and family health services authority .
this unit or trust will be formed from the [giver] arms of the current community unit and family health services authority .

The purchaser may contract with the primary care provider unit instead of primary care teams .
the purchaser may contract with the primary care [giver] unit instead of primary care teams .

Already an established provider of training to school leavers and adults , mainly through the Training and Enterprise Councils ( TECs ) , the focus at Enterprise Training centres is increasingly for trainees to take NVQs or join courses which help them back to work .
already an established [giver] of training to school leavers and adults , mainly through the training and enterprise councils ( tecs ) , the focus at enterprise training centres is increasingly for trainees to take nvqs or join courses which help them back to work .

As the largest provider of visit attractions in Scotland , Historic Scotland plays a major role in the Scottish tourism industry .
as the largest [giver] of visit attractions in scotland , historic scotland plays a major role in the scottish tourism industry .

However , the desire to provide an extensive training programme as soon as boards came into existence did rule out any early collaboration between provider and receiver .
however , the desire to provide an extensive training programme as soon as boards came into existence did rule out any early collaboration between [giver] and receiver .

The University , through UnivEd , is a major provider of high-quality training , updating and reskilling for Scottish , European and international industry , commerce and government , with a comprehensive programme of courses , seminars and conferences presented by some 2,400 academics — acknowledged experts in their particular fields .
the university , through unived , is a major [giver] of high-quality training , updating and reskilling for scottish , european and international industry , commerce and government , with a comprehensive programme of courses , seminars and conferences presented by some 2,400 academics — acknowledged experts in their particular fields .

The production of goods and services in this way entails a special kind of relation between a bureau and its sponsor or provider of funds .
the production of goods and services in this way entails a special kind of relation between a bureau and its sponsor or [giver] of funds .

In the senate , Richardson referred to the continuing uneven distribution of doctors in remote rural areas , and implied that the objections of the medical profession to the granting of provider numbers ( which enable patients to claim a rebate on services provided ) to nurses should be ignored , unless doctors solve the problem of doctor distribution .
in the senate , richardson referred to the continuing uneven distribution of doctors in remote rural areas , and implied that the objections of the medical profession to the granting of [giver] numbers ( which enable patients to claim a rebate on services provided ) to nurses should be ignored , unless doctors solve the problem of doctor distribution .

Lower alcohol drinks can help weight reduction too as alcohol is a high provider of calories and it makes sense if you are watching your weight to drink lower alcohol drinks .
lower alcohol drinks can help weight reduction too as alcohol is a high [giver] of calories and it makes sense if you are watching your weight to drink lower alcohol drinks .

the relationship between user and provider and
the relationship between user and [giver] and

Local government is now of course a major provider of services to the citizen .
local government is now of course a major [giver] of services to the citizen .

Social support & the health & welfare of vulnerable children ( provider study )
social support & the health & welfare of vulnerable children ( [giver] study )

She is a kind and thoughtful provider — of home comfort , food , clean sheets , ironed shirts , fresh bread — all the things you take for granted at home .
she is a kind and thoughtful [giver] — of home comfort , food , clean sheets , ironed shirts , fresh bread — all the things you take for granted at home .

In recent years it has been Ian Rush who has been the scourge of Everton but this time he turned provider to send the Israeli international through a dumbfounded Everton defence .
in recent years it has been ian rush who has been the scourge of everton but this time he turned [giver] to send the israeli international through a dumbfounded everton defence .

Morris then turned provider for Colin Irwin to make it 4–1 after 51 minutes .
morris then turned [giver] for colin irwin to make it 4–1 after 51 minutes .

Why has the image of farming gone from one where the farmer was respected as the provider of food for the nation to one where he gets enormous subsidies to produce food mountains and is a burden on the taxpayer ?
why has the image of farming gone from one where the farmer was respected as the [giver] of food for the nation to one where he gets enormous subsidies to produce food mountains and is a burden on the taxpayer ?

The expertise required by a provider of financial services comes from training in various disciplines such as law , economics , business management , and accountancy , coupled with a good deal of worldly wisdom , common sense and awareness of market forces .
the expertise required by a [giver] of financial services comes from training in various disciplines such as law , economics , business management , and accountancy , coupled with a good deal of worldly wisdom , common sense and awareness of market forces .

As an increasing exporter and provider of goods and services on a worldwide basis , the John Wood Group now spans many countries throughout the world .
as an increasing exporter and [giver] of goods and services on a worldwide basis , the john wood group now spans many countries throughout the world .

Both were proud with a strong sense of the conventional role of husband and provider .
both were proud with a strong sense of the conventional role of husband and [giver] .

Here the difference is the stress upon the mother 's role as provider for her children : Orchardson 's work suggests the mother has little physical involvement with the child 's everyday material needs whereas , in Knight 's work , the close physical contact between mother and children and their dress denotes harsh necessity rather than worship — there is not time to ‘ fondly gaze ’ .
here the difference is the stress upon the mother 's role as [giver] for her children : orchardson 's work suggests the mother has little physical involvement with the child 's everyday material needs whereas , in knight 's work , the close physical contact between mother and children and their dress denotes harsh necessity rather than worship — there is not time to ‘ fondly gaze ’ .

Her job , her leisure , her religion were devoted to being a provider of at best health and knowledge , at the least of time or food .
her job , her leisure , her religion were devoted to being a [giver] of at best health and knowledge , at the least of time or food .

The woman searches — though these days she does n't know it , matters of procreation being so far from anyone 's thoughts — for a good father for her young , adequate in looks , more than adequate as a provider ; the man searches for a good , kind and competent mother for his children , not such a dog as to make copulation a problem — both settle for the best he or she can do .
the woman searches — though these days she does n't know it , matters of procreation being so far from anyone 's thoughts — for a good father for her young , adequate in looks , more than adequate as a [giver] ; the man searches for a good , kind and competent mother for his children , not such a dog as to make copulation a problem — both settle for the best he or she can do .

National Health Service Provider Units
national health service [giver] units

At the end of the third quarter , provider units remained on course to achieve a financial balance this year , as we had reported earlier at the end of the second quarter .
at the end of the third quarter , [giver] units remained on course to achieve a financial balance this year , as we had reported earlier at the end of the second quarter .

How does the Secretary of State square his answer to my hon. Friend the Member for Midlothian ( Mr. Eadie ) that provider units are in balance with the evidence from the document , which he knows well , that 86 hospitals are in deficit ? Many of them face major cuts to balance at the end of the year and one of them has dangerously low nursing levels . How many hospitals , such as Watford , have big deficits ? How many health authorities , such as Tunbridge Wells , can not pay for routine operations and how many district health authorities , such as South Birmingham , can not pay any more bills until April ? Is the reason that the Secretary of State objects to the leak that the document tells the truth about those hospitals and exposes his cover-up ?
how does the secretary of state square his answer to my hon. friend the member for midlothian ( mr. eadie ) that [giver] units are in balance with the evidence from the document , which he knows well , that 86 hospitals are in deficit ? many of them face major cuts to balance at the end of the year and one of them has dangerously low nursing levels . how many hospitals , such as watford , have big deficits ? how many health authorities , such as tunbridge wells , can not pay for routine operations and how many district health authorities , such as south birmingham , can not pay any more bills until april ? is the reason that the secretary of state objects to the leak that the document tells the truth about those hospitals and exposes his cover-up ?

The Secretary of State 's proposal runs contrary even to the better parts of Thatcherite philosophy , which sought to separate regulator from provider .
the secretary of state 's proposal runs contrary even to the better parts of thatcherite philosophy , which sought to separate regulator from [giver] .

The Secretary of State is making the provider the regulator — it is the provider who pays the regulator .
the secretary of state is making the [giver] the regulator — it is the [giver] who pays the regulator .

We also propose that health authorities and provider units should report on their plans and achievements and that there should be a new national database on contractors for major services .
we also propose that health authorities and [giver] units should report on their plans and achievements and that there should be a new national database on contractors for major services .

There would be no restraint on services provided or number of cases treated , since the provider authority/hospital would be certain of payment .
there would be no restraint on services provided or number of cases treated , since the [giver] authority/hospital would be certain of payment .

The arts are a potentially powerful means through which stereotyping can be countered . echoes similar sentiments expressed in the 1982 Gulbenkian Foundation report The Arts in Schools which emphasized arts education as provider of ,
the arts are a potentially powerful means through which stereotyping can be countered . echoes similar sentiments expressed in the 1982 gulbenkian foundation report the arts in schools which emphasized arts education as [giver] of ,

… women who do appear being shown by way of a narrow range of images ; mother sufferer helper provider of food . ( Rose , 1983 )
… women who do appear being shown by way of a narrow range of images ; mother sufferer helper [giver] of food . ( rose , 1983 )

Significantly , as the only girl to have gained access to this den , Audrey 's source of influence is as the provider of food :
significantly , as the only girl to have gained access to this den , audrey 's source of influence is as the [giver] of food :

Though , as we have seen , once there she fulfils the traditional roles of provider of food , nurse and comforter .
though , as we have seen , once there she fulfils the traditional roles of [giver] of food , nurse and comforter .

Four elements of interest and influence need to be weighed against each other , namely the effect of the parent as the educator who is helped by the school , the school as the institutional teacher who is helped by the parent , the school as the manager and decider ( with the parent being kept informed ) and the school itself as the only " real " provider of education .
four elements of interest and influence need to be weighed against each other , namely the effect of the parent as the educator who is helped by the school , the school as the institutional teacher who is helped by the parent , the school as the manager and decider ( with the parent being kept informed ) and the school itself as the only " real " [giver] of education .

In addition , those rivalries enabled him in peacetime to go on playing his wartime role of common denominator ; the arbiter who remained detached from conflicts of particular interests ; the provider of unity .
in addition , those rivalries enabled him in peacetime to go on playing his wartime role of common denominator ; the arbiter who remained detached from conflicts of particular interests ; the [giver] of unity .

From then until Franco 's death in 1975 , it was no longer simply the victory in the Civil War that was invoked as the basis for Franco 's right to rule , but his role as the provider of material wealth and prosperity .
from then until franco 's death in 1975 , it was no longer simply the victory in the civil war that was invoked as the basis for franco 's right to rule , but his role as the [giver] of material wealth and prosperity .

External training provider
external training [giver]

The Government remains committed to using Housing Associations as the principal provider of rented accommodation and our long established links with both Local Authorities and Housing Associations should enable us to continue to enjoy a substantial share of this market .
the government remains committed to using housing associations as the principal [giver] of rented accommodation and our long established links with both local authorities and housing associations should enable us to continue to enjoy a substantial share of this market .

Provided the role of the priest was not disputed — as the essential and sole provider of the sacrament of the holy communion at the mass — the essence of the Church was not threatened .
provided the role of the priest was not disputed — as the essential and sole [giver] of the sacrament of the holy communion at the mass — the essence of the church was not threatened .

The individual is the provider of material and data , is sought after for this purpose , is the bearer of social forces and is the agent of society itself .
the individual is the [giver] of material and data , is sought after for this purpose , is the bearer of social forces and is the agent of society itself .

And landlords and people of substance , who might normally offer charitable relief of their own , would certainly guard their purses as long as the government declared itself to be the great provider .
and landlords and people of substance , who might normally offer charitable relief of their own , would certainly guard their purses as long as the government declared itself to be the great [giver] .

The present monopolistic situation whereby health authorities assessed the need for services , supplied and managed them , and were responsible for monitoring efficiency and quality of care led to provider domination and provided no systematic incentives to perform well .
the present monopolistic situation whereby health authorities assessed the need for services , supplied and managed them , and were responsible for monitoring efficiency and quality of care led to [giver] domination and provided no systematic incentives to perform well .

For their part , provider units had to think more like commercial organisations and acquire new skills in business planning , marketing , contract construction and negotiation .
for their part , [giver] units had to think more like commercial organisations and acquire new skills in business planning , marketing , contract construction and negotiation .

They could use the possibility of buying outside as bargaining leverage to get better performance from their own provider `` ( Enthoven 1985 : 40 ) .
they could use the possibility of buying outside as bargaining leverage to get better performance from their own [giver] `` ( enthoven 1985 : 40 ) .

If anything Unit General Managers ( UGMs ) in the provider units were more enthusiastic .
if anything unit general managers ( ugms ) in the [giver] units were more enthusiastic .

The district believed in the benefits of decentralisation but not a complete separation , whereas the unit saw its interests in wider terms than the district , as a provider of regional specialities , and wanted complete independence to pursue them .
the district believed in the benefits of decentralisation but not a complete separation , whereas the unit saw its interests in wider terms than the district , as a [giver] of regional specialities , and wanted complete independence to pursue them .

Factors ranked high ( 1 , 2 or 3 ) were existing patient flows ( 93 per cent ) , GPs ' expressed preferences ( 74 per cent ) , ease of travel for residents ( 40 per cent ) and previous experience of the provider ( 39 per cent ) .
factors ranked high ( 1 , 2 or 3 ) were existing patient flows ( 93 per cent ) , gps ' expressed preferences ( 74 per cent ) , ease of travel for residents ( 40 per cent ) and previous experience of the [giver] ( 39 per cent ) .

Purchasers responded only weakly to market signals such as competitive prices ( 22 per cent ) or the fact that a provider had `` a well developed quality assurance programme `` ( 12 per cent ) .
purchasers responded only weakly to market signals such as competitive prices ( 22 per cent ) or the fact that a [giver] had `` a well developed quality assurance programme `` ( 12 per cent ) .

Many were also planning to change their contracts : 62 per cent were planning to cease a contract that existed the previous year ; 71 per cent to contract with a new provider ; 50 per cent to reduce volume more than 10 per cent with an existing provider and 78 per cent to contract for a greater volume of care per pound spent .
many were also planning to change their contracts : 62 per cent were planning to cease a contract that existed the previous year ; 71 per cent to contract with a new [giver] ; 50 per cent to reduce volume more than 10 per cent with an existing [giver] and 78 per cent to contract for a greater volume of care per pound spent .

Factors given a high ranking in the second survey were GPs ' expressed preferences ( 80 per cent ) , existing patient flows ( 80 per cent ) , previous experience of the provider ( 46 per cent ) and ease of travel for residents ( 40 per cent ) .
factors given a high ranking in the second survey were gps ' expressed preferences ( 80 per cent ) , existing patient flows ( 80 per cent ) , previous experience of the [giver] ( 46 per cent ) and ease of travel for residents ( 40 per cent ) .

Significantly , 81 per cent gave protecting their own provider units a low ranking , a marked change from the previous year and in line with the case study findings .
significantly , 81 per cent gave protecting their own [giver] units a low ranking , a marked change from the previous year and in line with the case study findings .

Benefits are those accruing from : 1 The purchaser–provider split ( clarity of role , focus on health needs , more patient-centred ) ; 2 Closer working and links with GPs , users and other agencies ; 3 Much greater emphasis on quality issues ( 81 per cent in the survey believe that contracting has produced quality improvements in services ) ; 4 Better information leading to improved decision-making ; 5 Increased provider accountability .
benefits are those accruing from : 1 the purchaser–provider split ( clarity of role , focus on health needs , more patient-centred ) ; 2 closer working and links with gps , users and other agencies ; 3 much greater emphasis on quality issues ( 81 per cent in the survey believe that contracting has produced quality improvements in services ) ; 4 better information leading to improved decision-making ; 5 increased [giver] accountability .

This could strengthen the hand of managers in the provider units .
this could strengthen the hand of managers in the [giver] units .

Resolving the strategic aims of the purchaser and its main provider where these conflict may require difficult negotiations .
resolving the strategic aims of the purchaser and its main [giver] where these conflict may require difficult negotiations .

failing to adopt a comprehensive equal opportunities policy in relation to its activities both as a provider of educational/vocational services and an employer of staff ;
failing to adopt a comprehensive equal opportunities policy in relation to its activities both as a [giver] of educational/vocational services and an employer of staff ;

The Rayner Review stated : ‘ Particular attention needs to be paid to all information collected or costs incurred primarily to meet demands outside central government … in general there is no more reason for govermment to act as universal provider in the statistical field than in any other .
the rayner review stated : ‘ particular attention needs to be paid to all information collected or costs incurred primarily to meet demands outside central government … in general there is no more reason for govermment to act as universal [giver] in the statistical field than in any other .

The lure of live music-making is , of course , irresistible : the sense of occasion , of which Karajan was himself a great provider , the throng of music-madded fans and aficionados , not to mention that bear-baiting element Glenn Gould was always so amusing about , as soloists are led out and put to their instruments before the attentive crowd .
the lure of live music-making is , of course , irresistible : the sense of occasion , of which karajan was himself a great [giver] , the throng of music-madded fans and aficionados , not to mention that bear-baiting element glenn gould was always so amusing about , as soloists are led out and put to their instruments before the attentive crowd .

On top of that they have an extra cost other shops are spared — the royalty payable to the franchise provider .
on top of that they have an extra cost other shops are spared — the royalty payable to the franchise [giver] .

They look at everything from the point of view of the provider and their only discernible policy is that they are against privatization .
they look at everything from the point of view of the [giver] and their only discernible policy is that they are against privatization .

Unable to justify the privatisation of a natural monopoly on familiar grounds such as competition and consumer choice , the government chose instead to emphasise regulation , boasting that privatisation would separate the provider from the regulator — or , to use a phrase much quoted by Mr Howard at the time , the gamekeeper from the poacher .
unable to justify the privatisation of a natural monopoly on familiar grounds such as competition and consumer choice , the government chose instead to emphasise regulation , boasting that privatisation would separate the [giver] from the regulator — or , to use a phrase much quoted by mr howard at the time , the gamekeeper from the poacher .

Given the role of Helmund as a provider of food , the province is of key military importance .
given the role of helmund as a [giver] of food , the province is of key military importance .

Bunn , who scored six goals in the previous round against Scarborough , this time turned into the provider , putting Milligan clear and free .
bunn , who scored six goals in the previous round against scarborough , this time turned into the [giver] , putting milligan clear and free .

failure of the tour operator or any provider of transport or accommodation to fulfil the holiday booking
failure of the tour operator or any [giver] of transport or accommodation to fulfil the holiday booking

Default of any transport or accommodation provider or any person acting as agent of the person insured or operation of law .
default of any transport or accommodation [giver] or any person acting as agent of the person insured or operation of law .

But government is indirectly involved as the provider of taxpayers ' money ; and through its duty to set standards for publicly and privately provided care .
but government is indirectly involved as the [giver] of taxpayers ' money ; and through its duty to set standards for publicly and privately provided care .

developed the local authority role from direct provider to effective enabler , encouraging many tenants to buy their own homes , allowing schools the freedom to manage their own affairs and improving the quality of local services by allowing private business to compete for contracts .
developed the local authority role from direct [giver] to effective enabler , encouraging many tenants to buy their own homes , allowing schools the freedom to manage their own affairs and improving the quality of local services by allowing private business to compete for contracts .

‘ No , go when you like , ’ the tea provider said with a smile .
‘ no , go when you like , ’ the tea [giver] said with a smile .

There are accounts of dogs of Mastiff type being exported from Britain to Rome through an agent known as the Procurator Pugnacium ( provider of dogs ) .
there are accounts of dogs of mastiff type being exported from britain to rome through an agent known as the procurator pugnacium ( [giver] of dogs ) .

For television is not a ‘ neutral ’ provider of images or a mere facilitator , it has increasingly determined the manner in which high performance sport is played and presented to the public .
for television is not a ‘ neutral ’ [giver] of images or a mere facilitator , it has increasingly determined the manner in which high performance sport is played and presented to the public .

Above all , they facilitated particularly the development of resident tutor-organiser initiatives within the District in the decade following 1924 , and consolidated the independent , autonomous status of the District as a provider of liberal adult education .
above all , they facilitated particularly the development of resident tutor-organiser initiatives within the district in the decade following 1924 , and consolidated the independent , autonomous status of the district as a [giver] of liberal adult education .

The emergence of the Cambridge Board , well funded and of high status , as a legitimate and major provider of adult education through its new rural areas policies presented problems of overlapping , competitive interests for the District , however well-intentioned the co-operative arrangements might appear to have been .
the emergence of the cambridge board , well funded and of high status , as a legitimate and major [giver] of adult education through its new rural areas policies presented problems of overlapping , competitive interests for the district , however well-intentioned the co-operative arrangements might appear to have been .

In addition , and as a result of the work undertaken by its resident tutors in Bedfordshire , Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire , the Board had developed systematic provision of all types of classes and courses on a scale beyond that imaginable if the District had been the sole provider .
in addition , and as a result of the work undertaken by its resident tutors in bedfordshire , cambridgeshire and northamptonshire , the board had developed systematic provision of all types of classes and courses on a scale beyond that imaginable if the district had been the sole [giver] .

They relate to such key issues as : the long-standing debate about specialist and generic modes of working ; the advocacy of teams based in small neighbourhood patches and the assertion that such teams are the best way of working with informal networks and non-statutory agencies ; the official enthusiasm for ‘ mobilizing resources ’ and casting social services in an enabling role : and the advocacy of a demarcation between ‘ purchaser ’ and provider roles .
they relate to such key issues as : the long-standing debate about specialist and generic modes of working ; the advocacy of teams based in small neighbourhood patches and the assertion that such teams are the best way of working with informal networks and non-statutory agencies ; the official enthusiasm for ‘ mobilizing resources ’ and casting social services in an enabling role : and the advocacy of a demarcation between ‘ purchaser ’ and [giver] roles .

In other words , health ceased to be the dominant provider of residential care while social services and the non-statutory sectors moved to positions of parity .
in other words , health ceased to be the dominant [giver] of residential care while social services and the non-statutory sectors moved to positions of parity .

Accompanying these changes in the balance of provider roles was a significant change in the kinds of accommodation provided .
accompanying these changes in the balance of [giver] roles was a significant change in the kinds of accommodation provided .

He was initially a good provider and noted for his smart clothes in the post-depression days .
he was initially a good [giver] and noted for his smart clothes in the post-depression days .

General Household Survey data indicate that the major provider of care for the elderly in Britain is the family .
general household survey data indicate that the major [giver] of care for the elderly in britain is the family .

It says ‘ the commission shall , in the case of any nominated news provider , review the performance of that body as a nominated news provider ’ , and says that if the commission is not satisfied with the news coverage other suppliers should be found .
it says ‘ the commission shall , in the case of any nominated news [giver] , review the performance of that body as a nominated news [giver] ’ , and says that if the commission is not satisfied with the news coverage other suppliers should be found .

George took over from young Joseph as the main provider .
george took over from young joseph as the main [giver] .

The Central Retail Services Division is Barclays Bank 's provider of centralised financial and information-based services worldwide .
the central retail services division is barclays bank 's [giver] of centralised financial and information-based services worldwide .

Provider of energy to domestic , industrial and commercial users within Northampton , British Gas welcomes visitors to the Service Centre at St Peter 's Way .
[giver] of energy to domestic , industrial and commercial users within northampton , british gas welcomes visitors to the service centre at st peter 's way .

With outdoor activities , even more than indoors , the good teacher becomes the provider of materials and the involved observer .
with outdoor activities , even more than indoors , the good teacher becomes the [giver] of materials and the involved observer .

For example , the term ‘ concession ’ , which is used widely in relation to the promotion of desirable benefits , implies a favour to a second-class citizen ; whereas another term , such as ‘ off-peak tariff reduction ’ , makes it clear that any resulting business is a bonus to the provider , as well as a benefit to the recipient .
for example , the term ‘ concession ’ , which is used widely in relation to the promotion of desirable benefits , implies a favour to a second-class citizen ; whereas another term , such as ‘ off-peak tariff reduction ’ , makes it clear that any resulting business is a bonus to the [giver] , as well as a benefit to the recipient .

Such codes should always be accompanied by sanctions for offenders , and must recognise that misunderstandings may well occur as a result of the purchaser 's mistaken expectations , as well as by the failure on the part of the provider of the service or the manufacturer of the product to deliver .
such codes should always be accompanied by sanctions for offenders , and must recognise that misunderstandings may well occur as a result of the purchaser 's mistaken expectations , as well as by the failure on the part of the [giver] of the service or the manufacturer of the product to deliver .

Firstly , what is the position of a Health Authority which , having identified a need for a particular service , can not find a provider ?
firstly , what is the position of a health authority which , having identified a need for a particular service , can not find a [giver] ?

In other words , which party , the purchaser or the provider , will determine which patients shall be treated on the contract ?
in other words , which party , the purchaser or the [giver] , will determine which patients shall be treated on the contract ?

If it is left to the provider , there will be strong incentives to select the lower cost , least complicated cases , within the contracted category .
if it is left to the [giver] , there will be strong incentives to select the lower cost , least complicated cases , within the contracted category .

It is the ‘ provider ’ of services .
it is the ‘ [giver] ’ of services .

Secondly , contract specifications ( and successful contracts ) should be scrutinised in order to assess how careful the purchaser has specified the requirements and whether there is any evidence that , through the contracting process , cost-effective medical technologies are being encouraged . For example , is day-case surgery specified where this would be appropriate , or is the choice of treatment technology left to the provider ?
secondly , contract specifications ( and successful contracts ) should be scrutinised in order to assess how careful the purchaser has specified the requirements and whether there is any evidence that , through the contracting process , cost-effective medical technologies are being encouraged . for example , is day-case surgery specified where this would be appropriate , or is the choice of treatment technology left to the [giver] ?

An enhanced co-ordinating role is available to those capable of meeting this challenge , especially as the number of districts and units reduces and UGMs come to represent larger conglomerations of provider groupings .
an enhanced co-ordinating role is available to those capable of meeting this challenge , especially as the number of districts and units reduces and ugms come to represent larger conglomerations of [giver] groupings .

But George 's main contribution to the Palace was as a provider of chances from which our centre-forwards could score their goals .
but george 's main contribution to the palace was as a [giver] of chances from which our centre-forwards could score their goals .

It was not only a substantial spender of public money , but also a major provider of public services , often allocated collectively , sometimes even on the criteria of social need .
it was not only a substantial spender of public money , but also a major [giver] of public services , often allocated collectively , sometimes even on the criteria of social need .

In the case brought against West Germany concerning the West German Insurance Supervision Law referred to above , the European Court indicated that there were cases where a provider of services might be exempted altogether from the supervisory requirements of national law , where the services were being provided to commercial enterprises who could look after themselves and did not need the same degree of protection as consumers .
in the case brought against west germany concerning the west german insurance supervision law referred to above , the european court indicated that there were cases where a [giver] of services might be exempted altogether from the supervisory requirements of national law , where the services were being provided to commercial enterprises who could look after themselves and did not need the same degree of protection as consumers .

She is loyal to the allies of her husband , however weak a provider her husband has been .
she is loyal to the allies of her husband , however weak a [giver] her husband has been .

Except where the generosity and charity of his fellow creatures must play their rightful part , each individual , as master of his own destiny must be a provider to his utmost ability .
except where the generosity and charity of his fellow creatures must play their rightful part , each individual , as master of his own destiny must be a [giver] to his utmost ability .

In the modern era the state is the provider of the collective or general conditions of capital valorisation and accumulation , as opposed to particular conditions .
in the modern era the state is the [giver] of the collective or general conditions of capital valorisation and accumulation , as opposed to particular conditions .

One does not readily associate public libraries with user education , possibly because the educational role of the public library service is generally seen as secondary to its role as the provider of leisure-time reading and other services .
one does not readily associate public libraries with user education , possibly because the educational role of the public library service is generally seen as secondary to its role as the [giver] of leisure-time reading and other services .

Suggest other situations where there is scope for ‘ fiddling ’ based on the superior knowledge of the provider of a service over the customer .
suggest other situations where there is scope for ‘ fiddling ’ based on the superior knowledge of the [giver] of a service over the customer .

The greater , therefore , is the information provider 's knowledge and understanding of those specific tasks and contexts , the more likely it is that the information provided will be valued and used .
the greater , therefore , is the information [giver] 's knowledge and understanding of those specific tasks and contexts , the more likely it is that the information provided will be valued and used .

Any information provider should seek to establish a reputation as a ‘ trusted source ’ of information .
any information [giver] should seek to establish a reputation as a ‘ trusted source ’ of information .

Such schools would follow Ministry of Education curricula and , in terms of overall management , would be controlled by the Ministry , but teachers would be recruited by the provider or the community , though approved by the Ministry .
such schools would follow ministry of education curricula and , in terms of overall management , would be controlled by the ministry , but teachers would be recruited by the [giver] or the community , though approved by the ministry .

In line with the pressures towards privatization within the economy as a whole , the state is increasingly ceding its role as provider of education , especially at secondary level , to the private sector .
in line with the pressures towards privatization within the economy as a whole , the state is increasingly ceding its role as [giver] of education , especially at secondary level , to the private sector .

In the case of a nonequilibrium system , in principle , measurements of a system might pay in the sense that more work could be extracted from the system which now becomes a provider of energy than need be used to record and later erase the measurement .
in the case of a nonequilibrium system , in principle , measurements of a system might pay in the sense that more work could be extracted from the system which now becomes a [giver] of energy than need be used to record and later erase the measurement .

Away from the waterfront , the streets of the downtown area feature a number of historic buildings that are best visited as part of a guided tour ( JUTA is the provider ; see page 121 ) .
away from the waterfront , the streets of the downtown area feature a number of historic buildings that are best visited as part of a guided tour ( juta is the [giver] ; see page 121 ) .

Just before reaching the city , however , is a resort that is developing into an important provider of visitor accommodations .
just before reaching the city , however , is a resort that is developing into an important [giver] of visitor accommodations .

Indiana Legal Services , the primary provider of free legal aid in the state , is facing a $ 1.05 million cut in its 2003 budget , said Courtney Mathews , a paralegal and local intake coordinator for Indiana Legal Services .
indiana legal services , the primary [giver] of free legal aid in the state , is facing a $ 1.05 million cut in its 2003 budget , said courtney mathews , a paralegal and local intake coordinator for indiana legal services .

Business Wire State 's Poor to Lose $ 2 Million in Legal Aid Wednesday , November 13 , 2002 DETROIT- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -Nov. 13 , 2002-Michigan will lose $ 2 million in federal funding and $ 600,000 in state funding to provide legal aid to the poor in 2003 , according to Deierdre L. Weir , executive director of the Legal Aid and Defender Association , Inc. , the state 's largest provider of legal services to the poor .
business wire state 's poor to lose $ 2 million in legal aid wednesday , november 13 , 2002 detroit- ( business wire ) -nov. 13 , 2002-michigan will lose $ 2 million in federal funding and $ 600,000 in state funding to provide legal aid to the poor in 2003 , according to deierdre l. weir , executive director of the legal aid and defender association , inc. , the state 's largest [giver] of legal services to the poor .

LAD was established in 1909 as the Legal Aid Society of Detroit and today is the largest legal aid provider in Michigan and one of the largest of its kind in the U.S. With a staff of 80 attorneys and 90 support staff , the organization provides civil legal services and criminal representation of indigent defendants in both state and federal courts .
lad was established in 1909 as the legal aid society of detroit and today is the largest legal aid [giver] in michigan and one of the largest of its kind in the u.s. with a staff of 80 attorneys and 90 support staff , the organization provides civil legal services and criminal representation of indigent defendants in both state and federal courts .

By JOSE CARDENAS TIMES STAFF WRITER December 9 2001 California Rural Legal Assistance has purchased an Oxnard building it had been renting since earlier this year , moving the provider of legal services for Ventura County 's poor closer to two goals .
by jose cardenas times staff writer december 9 2001 california rural legal assistance has purchased an oxnard building it had been renting since earlier this year , moving the [giver] of legal services for ventura county 's poor closer to two goals .

The organization 's Oxnard office broadened its services from farm worker-related aid to basic assistance last year when the federal government chose to fund it , over Channel Counties Legal Services , as the county 's sole provider of legal help to the poor .
the organization 's oxnard office broadened its services from farm worker-related aid to basic assistance last year when the federal government chose to fund it , over channel counties legal services , as the county 's sole [giver] of legal help to the poor .

Miller would not say whether Passaic 's loss of the LSC grant would be followed by a cutoff of state funding , but comments , `` we have only , historically , had one provider in any geographical service area . ''
miller would not say whether passaic 's loss of the lsc grant would be followed by a cutoff of state funding , but comments , `` we have only , historically , had one [giver] in any geographical service area . ''

Which provider actually screens for problems and provides the intervention ?
which [giver] actually screens for problems and provides the intervention ?

In addition , the target of the intervention ( at-risk drinkers , problem drinkers , alcohol-dependent drinkers ) and the mechanism of intervention ( physician , nursing staff , social workers , technology with or without provider advice ) remain open questions .
in addition , the target of the intervention ( at-risk drinkers , problem drinkers , alcohol-dependent drinkers ) and the mechanism of intervention ( physician , nursing staff , social workers , technology with or without [giver] advice ) remain open questions .

The intervention studies based on provider feedback and advice to the patient have had mixed results in the ED .
the intervention studies based on [giver] feedback and advice to the patient have had mixed results in the ed .

D'Onofrio noted that many young , healthy patients do not go to their primary care provider , even if they have one .
d'onofrio noted that many young , healthy patients do not go to their primary care [giver] , even if they have one .

A problem arises when the factors the patient wants to work on are not the same ones the provider thinks are most important or is most prepared to deal with .
a problem arises when the factors the patient wants to work on are not the same ones the [giver] thinks are most important or is most prepared to deal with .

In a survey sponsored by the West Virginia Chapter of the American College of Emergency Physicians , a minority of emergency physicians reported routine screening and counseling of ED patients.67 The authors reported provider attitudes of disinterest , avoidance , disdain , and pessimism as well as inadequate time , insufficient education , and lack of resources as barriers .
in a survey sponsored by the west virginia chapter of the american college of emergency physicians , a minority of emergency physicians reported routine screening and counseling of ed patients.67 the authors reported [giver] attitudes of disinterest , avoidance , disdain , and pessimism as well as inadequate time , insufficient education , and lack of resources as barriers .

Catherine Gordon proposed that the recommendations address the issue of financing and suggested the following phrase , `` Research should also identify the most effective and cost-effective interventions and delivery mechanisms ( e.g. , provider types or technologies ) . ''
catherine gordon proposed that the recommendations address the issue of financing and suggested the following phrase , `` research should also identify the most effective and cost-effective interventions and delivery mechanisms ( e.g. , [giver] types or technologies ) . ''

For example , the incidence of improper payments among Medicaid claims might , if sufficiently analyzed and related to other Medicaid data , reveal a correlation with a certain health care provider or providers .
for example , the incidence of improper payments among medicaid claims might , if sufficiently analyzed and related to other medicaid data , reveal a correlation with a certain health care [giver] or providers .

In Texas , models used with the neural network technology identify fraudulent patterns from large volumes of medical claims and patient and provider history data .
in texas , models used with the neural network technology identify fraudulent patterns from large volumes of medical claims and patient and [giver] history data .

The models detail the variances through graphs that compare amounts billed and services rendered ( among others items ) by the identified provider with the average of the other providers .
the models detail the variances through graphs that compare amounts billed and services rendered ( among others items ) by the identified [giver] with the average of the other providers .

For example , one dental provider was ranked third on a dental model listing due to unusual activity in areas such as multisurface restoration and root canal activities .
for example , one dental [giver] was ranked third on a dental model listing due to unusual activity in areas such as multisurface restoration and root canal activities .

An investigator , using MFADS , was able to run detailed reports on the provider 's activity in the identified high-risk areas and determined that the combination of services provided , volume of services provided , and the recurring pattern of the services provided were indeed suspicious .
an investigator , using mfads , was able to run detailed reports on the [giver] 's activity in the identified high-risk areas and determined that the combination of services provided , volume of services provided , and the recurring pattern of the services provided were indeed suspicious .

Additionally , a dental consultant reviewed 100 of the provider 's dental charts and determined that many of the services claimed were unnecessary .
additionally , a dental consultant reviewed 100 of the [giver] 's dental charts and determined that many of the services claimed were unnecessary .

As a result , the provider agreed to a settlement and has repaid the identified overpayments of $ 162,000 plus other penalties .
as a result , the [giver] agreed to a settlement and has repaid the identified overpayments of $ 162,000 plus other penalties .

Additionally , the provider was excluded from the Medicaid program for 15 years .
additionally , the [giver] was excluded from the medicaid program for 15 years .

Each new Medicaid provider receives a `` Success with Medicaid '' package containing information on claim filing , including helpful tips , and instructions on how to use the automated phone system for inquiries .
each new medicaid [giver] receives a `` success with medicaid '' package containing information on claim filing , including helpful tips , and instructions on how to use the automated phone system for inquiries .

Three months after enrollment , the field representatives evaluate a sample of each new provider 's claims to see if there are any issues that should be discussed .
three months after enrollment , the field representatives evaluate a sample of each new [giver] 's claims to see if there are any issues that should be discussed .

Then , the same representative who made the initial visit revisits the new provider to answer questions and discuss any problems noted in the claims sample .
then , the same representative who made the initial visit revisits the new [giver] to answer questions and discuss any problems noted in the claims sample .

Not for any provider , no matter how reputable ; nor for any claim , no matter how small . ''
not for any [giver] , no matter how reputable ; nor for any claim , no matter how small . ''

For example , one member 's entity experienced a sophisticated network intrusion that was originating from a foreign Internet service provider .
for example , one member 's entity experienced a sophisticated network intrusion that was originating from a foreign internet service [giver] .

Through the contacts made at one of the information-sharing organizations , the system administrator was able to contact the Internet service provider and stop the intrusion .
through the contacts made at one of the information-sharing organizations , the system administrator was able to contact the internet service [giver] and stop the intrusion .

The International Information Integrity Institute ( I-4 ) is sponsored by AtomicTangerine , a provider of information security consulting services whose clients include major global corporations .
the international information integrity institute ( i-4 ) is sponsored by atomictangerine , a [giver] of information security consulting services whose clients include major global corporations .

Case Study : Positioning the CIO for Success In 1996 , this manufacturing company instituted a CIO position to help build its information management capability after deciding to split its former internal IT service provider off as an independent business .
case study : positioning the cio for success in 1996 , this manufacturing company instituted a cio position to help build its information management capability after deciding to split its former internal it service [giver] off as an independent business .

In recognition of these tensions , LSC has worked diligently since 1995 to convey the expectations of the State Planning Initiative and to establish meaningful partnerships with stakeholders aimed at fostering a new symbiosis between the federal provider and recipients of legal services funding .
in recognition of these tensions , lsc has worked diligently since 1995 to convey the expectations of the state planning initiative and to establish meaningful partnerships with stakeholders aimed at fostering a new symbiosis between the federal [giver] and recipients of legal services funding .

Rust rejected a similar argument : `` Petitioners contend , however , that most Title X cli SCALIA , J. , dissenting ents are effectively precluded by indigency and poverty from seeing a health-care provider who will provide abortion-related services .
rust rejected a similar argument : `` petitioners contend , however , that most title x cli scalia , j. , dissenting ents are effectively precluded by indigency and poverty from seeing a health-care [giver] who will provide abortion-related services .

Thus , analysis and referral of a case to another legal services provider can not be counted , nor can service where the client is accepted and work is done , but the client withdraws or loses contact with the program before any actual legal assistance is provided .
thus , analysis and referral of a case to another legal services [giver] can not be counted , nor can service where the client is accepted and work is done , but the client withdraws or loses contact with the program before any actual legal assistance is provided .

Since April 1999 , as the result of program mergers , Legal Services of Northern California has been the sole LSC-funded provider for the entire region , with nine offices covering 23 counties .
since april 1999 , as the result of program mergers , legal services of northern california has been the sole lsc-funded [giver] for the entire region , with nine offices covering 23 counties .

The membership of the Commission consisted of representatives from the bench and bar , including many long-term supporters of legal services , academics , and business , labor and religious leaders , as well as representatives of the provider community .
the membership of the commission consisted of representatives from the bench and bar , including many long-term supporters of legal services , academics , and business , labor and religious leaders , as well as representatives of the [giver] community .

These in-depth evaluations used teams of respected legal services leaders from throughout the country and assessed the quality and effectiveness of each legal aid provider with regard to legal work , client involvement , management , and administrative functioning making recommendations for improvement as appropriate .
these in-depth evaluations used teams of respected legal services leaders from throughout the country and assessed the quality and effectiveness of each legal aid [giver] with regard to legal work , client involvement , management , and administrative functioning making recommendations for improvement as appropriate .

NJP is the LSC-funded provider .
njp is the lsc-funded [giver] .

Members of the Symposium organized and launched a new , unrestricted legal services provider , Mountain State Justice in 1996 .
members of the symposium organized and launched a new , unrestricted legal services [giver] , mountain state justice in 1996 .

The interactive site will include pro bono resources and community legal education materials as well as provider information and support resources .
the interactive site will include pro bono resources and community legal education materials as well as [giver] information and support resources .

Their case management systems will be running on an applications service provider ( ASP ) .
their case management systems will be running on an applications service [giver] ( asp ) .

Under this definition United Parcel Service ( UPS ) is not a true universal service provider because it imposes a surcharge for residential delivery .
under this definition united parcel service ( ups ) is not a true universal service [giver] because it imposes a surcharge for residential delivery .

The Postal Service which is a universal service provider under the definition used here , delivers to mail boxes that are , in many cases , remote from the actual address .
the postal service which is a universal service [giver] under the definition used here , delivers to mail boxes that are , in many cases , remote from the actual address .

Given the huge scale economies of a universal service provider and the limited amount of contestable mail , it is very difficult for an entrant , at least in the U.S. , to charge prices lower than an incumbent ( Cohen et al .
given the huge scale economies of a universal service [giver] and the limited amount of contestable mail , it is very difficult for an entrant , at least in the u.s. , to charge prices lower than an incumbent ( cohen et al .

It can not be a low cost , efficient provider of service .
it can not be a low cost , efficient [giver] of service .

If this occurred , the Service 's configuration would be that of a successful competitor and , at the same time , any benefits from having one provider would be retained .
if this occurred , the service 's configuration would be that of a successful competitor and , at the same time , any benefits from having one [giver] would be retained .

Then the next two discuss inverse price caps and the benefits of having one government provider .
then the next two discuss inverse price caps and the benefits of having one government [giver] .

HAVING A GOVERNMENT PROVIDER One of the questions of this paper is whether the Postal Service could become a sustainable monopoly if all protection were removed .
having a government [giver] one of the questions of this paper is whether the postal service could become a sustainable monopoly if all protection were removed .

There are both disadvantages and advantages to having a single government provider under these conditions .
there are both disadvantages and advantages to having a single government [giver] under these conditions .

The second is an economic argument which presumes that the Postal Service as a monopolist is an efficient provider of delivery .
the second is an economic argument which presumes that the postal service as a monopolist is an efficient [giver] of delivery .

See `` Deregulation of the Postal Service 's Market ; report on the abuse by the Postal Office of Its dominant market position and on the Competition Authority 's handling of the question of competition in relation to the Post Office , '' Professor Erik Nerep ( Stockholm School of Economics ) , February 1995. the dominant provider .
see `` deregulation of the postal service 's market ; report on the abuse by the postal office of its dominant market position and on the competition authority 's handling of the question of competition in relation to the post office , '' professor erik nerep ( stockholm school of economics ) , february 1995. the dominant [giver] .

Many observers believe that cream skimmers in the United States would serve cities and leave rural areas to the universal service provider because they assume that the cost of delivery to rural areas is much higher than the cost of delivery to cities .
many observers believe that cream skimmers in the united states would serve cities and leave rural areas to the universal service [giver] because they assume that the cost of delivery to rural areas is much higher than the cost of delivery to cities .

Thus , there is a business incentive for any postal provider ( who is not simply a cream skimmer ) to offer universal service within the territories it serves .
thus , there is a business incentive for any postal [giver] ( who is not simply a cream skimmer ) to offer universal service within the territories it serves .

When the discount is equal to the savings at the margin , as much work as possible will be transferred to the lower cost provider .
when the discount is equal to the savings at the margin , as much work as possible will be transferred to the lower cost [giver] .

Note that it is the volume that shifts that can be processed by a higher or a lower cost provider .
note that it is the volume that shifts that can be processed by a higher or a lower cost [giver] .

Additional work , however , has been transferred to a lower cost provider , causing a technical gain of about one billion dollars .
additional work , however , has been transferred to a lower cost [giver] , causing a technical gain of about one billion dollars .

Note , however , that up to a discount of 6¢ , by the assumption made in this paper , work continues to be shifted to a lower cost provider , but the total technical gains beyond a discount of 2 or 3 cents are very small .
note , however , that up to a discount of 6¢ , by the assumption made in this paper , work continues to be shifted to a lower cost [giver] , but the total technical gains beyond a discount of 2 or 3 cents are very small .

For small to moderate movements from the current position in the United States for First-Class Mail , the technical costs associated with not having the low-cost provider do the work and the net welfare gains ( or losses ) appear to be small compared to the associated welfare effects , plus and minus , on the mailer groups involved .
for small to moderate movements from the current position in the united states for first-class mail , the technical costs associated with not having the low-cost [giver] do the work and the net welfare gains ( or losses ) appear to be small compared to the associated welfare effects , plus and minus , on the mailer groups involved .

Missing Data Daily disease surveillance systems require rapid transmission of data , and it may not be possible to get complete data from each provider every single day .
missing data daily disease surveillance systems require rapid transmission of data , and it may not be possible to get complete data from each [giver] every single day .

These “ patient stories ” often included a number of empowering elements that set them apart from the advice patients typically receive from their clinicians : role modeling by an active , critical , well-informed “ expert patient ” ( [ 1 ] ; http : //patientweb.net ) , comparative reviews and recommendations of clinicians and treatment facilities [ 2–5 ] , and advice about how to handle the practical details of living with a chronic illness [ 6 ] ( such as how to organize a home medical record , manage treatment side effects , find the best drug prices , and deal with less-than-perfect health professionals and health-care provider systems , and a wide variety of other topics relating to effective medical self-management ) .
these “ patient stories ” often included a number of empowering elements that set them apart from the advice patients typically receive from their clinicians : role modeling by an active , critical , well-informed “ expert patient ” ( [ 1 ] ; http : //patientweb.net ) , comparative reviews and recommendations of clinicians and treatment facilities [ 2–5 ] , and advice about how to handle the practical details of living with a chronic illness [ 6 ] ( such as how to organize a home medical record , manage treatment side effects , find the best drug prices , and deal with less-than-perfect health professionals and health-care [giver] systems , and a wide variety of other topics relating to effective medical self-management ) .

Statements such as “ My provider is too busy , ” “ My provider does n't care , ” or “ My provider does n't seem to know about such-and-such ” were alarmingly common .
statements such as “ my [giver] is too busy , ” “ my [giver] does n't care , ” or “ my [giver] does n't seem to know about such-and-such ” were alarmingly common .

As a provider of youth services , MCCOY , Inc. is here to support your valuable efforts to develop young people .
as a [giver] of youth services , mccoy , inc. is here to support your valuable efforts to develop young people .

AT & T controls more than half the nation 's cable lines and had declared it would only let its own Internet service provider ( ISP ) use them for at least two years .
at & t controls more than half the nation 's cable lines and had declared it would only let its own internet service [giver] ( isp ) use them for at least two years .

Then again , here you are , in Slate : the public intellectual as content provider for Microsoft .
then again , here you are , in slate : the public intellectual as content [giver] for microsoft .

The NYT lead editorial has this reaction to the crime : `` If an armed police officer has to be stationed outside every abortion provider 's home and office , 24 hours a day , let it be done . ''
the nyt lead editorial has this reaction to the crime : `` if an armed police officer has to be stationed outside every abortion [giver] 's home and office , 24 hours a day , let it be done . ''

Indeed , free Internet-access provider Freeserve did see its shares jump 37 percent on its first day of trading .
indeed , free internet-access [giver] freeserve did see its shares jump 37 percent on its first day of trading .

The one-day IPO winner was Indian Internet service provider Satyam Infoway Ltd. closing up 17 1/2 , or 97.2 percent , at 35 1/2 .
the one-day ipo winner was indian internet service [giver] satyam infoway ltd. closing up 17 1/2 , or 97.2 percent , at 35 1/2 .

The former president of the $ 20 billion global service provider division of Lucent Technologies , Fiorina is a surprising choice in other ways , too .
the former president of the $ 20 billion global service [giver] division of lucent technologies , fiorina is a surprising choice in other ways , too .

Currently , cable lines run past 97 percent of U.S. homes , and many small communities have a cable TV provider in their central districts where schools and libraries are .
currently , cable lines run past 97 percent of u.s. homes , and many small communities have a cable tv [giver] in their central districts where schools and libraries are .

The advantage to the information provider is that information `` pushed '' at customers is more likely to find them than information they must go out and `` pull . ''
the advantage to the information [giver] is that information `` pushed '' at customers is more likely to find them than information they must go out and `` pull . ''

Think of WebTV as a whip-smart version of the set-top box you rent from your cable-TV provider .
think of webtv as a whip-smart version of the set-top box you rent from your cable-tv [giver] .

With the exception of a 10 percent investment in high-speed provider Qwest , BellSouth has been content to build its business from within .
with the exception of a 10 percent investment in high-speed [giver] qwest , bellsouth has been content to build its business from within .

Apparently , I was writing to slowly for my service provider .
apparently , i was writing to slowly for my service [giver] .

The institute is owned by Planned Parenthood , the largest abortion provider in the nation .
the institute is owned by planned parenthood , the largest abortion [giver] in the nation .

The provider ?
the [giver] ?

Columbia/HCA , the country 's biggest medical provider , is becoming the poster boy of corporate health-care greed .
columbia/hca , the country 's biggest medical [giver] , is becoming the poster boy of corporate health-care greed .

When the government in 1989 started asking parents to provide the Social Security number of their putative day-care provider , claims for credits dropped markedly . )
when the government in 1989 started asking parents to provide the social security number of their putative day-care [giver] , claims for credits dropped markedly . )

Say that you 'd like e-mail delivery , give us your e-mail address ( essential , obviously ) and the name of your service provider ( not essential , but helpful in straightening out problems ) , and we 'll take it from there .
say that you 'd like e-mail delivery , give us your e-mail address ( essential , obviously ) and the name of your service [giver] ( not essential , but helpful in straightening out problems ) , and we 'll take it from there .

If you do n't mind reading on a screen but hate waiting for pages to download -- and hate running up those online charges from your Internet provider -- you will soon be able to download the whole magazine at once and read it offline .
if you do n't mind reading on a screen but hate waiting for pages to download -- and hate running up those online charges from your internet [giver] -- you will soon be able to download the whole magazine at once and read it offline .

Do n't forget to include which e-mail software program and provider you use .
do n't forget to include which e-mail software program and [giver] you use .

Relying on cell phones completely , I had even abandoned land-line phones from the local telephone provider until I was recently forced to link up again to get high-speed Internet access over telephones .
relying on cell phones completely , i had even abandoned land-line phones from the local telephone [giver] until i was recently forced to link up again to get high-speed internet access over telephones .

The first is the idea that AOL is just like any other Internet service provider .
the first is the idea that aol is just like any other internet service [giver] .

Her speech seems spontaneous , not scripted : The desired effect , of course , is that she personalize the industry she is promoting , edging it into our consciousness as a provider of solutions -- nay , as a caring provider of solutions .
her speech seems spontaneous , not scripted : the desired effect , of course , is that she personalize the industry she is promoting , edging it into our consciousness as a [giver] of solutions -- nay , as a caring [giver] of solutions .

Scheduled to launch Dec. 1 , Workingfamilies.com will offer all the features of a traditional Internet service provider , plus added facilities to make it easy for members to contact elected officials and corporations .
scheduled to launch dec. 1 , workingfamilies.com will offer all the features of a traditional internet service [giver] , plus added facilities to make it easy for members to contact elected officials and corporations .

Chinese-language content provider China.com 's shares rose 75 percent today on news of the accord , raising the company 's market cap to $ 2 billion .
chinese-language content [giver] china.com 's shares rose 75 percent today on news of the accord , raising the company 's market cap to $ 2 billion .

Like MS-DOS or Windows 95 , gasoline engines serve as the operating system of cars , and to be the dominant provider of the fuel for that operating system seems a lot more Gates-like .
like ms-dos or windows 95 , gasoline engines serve as the operating system of cars , and to be the dominant [giver] of the fuel for that operating system seems a lot more gates-like .

They are architecting it so that the network owner gets to choose the Internet service provider that you get your broadband Internet service from .
they are architecting it so that the network owner gets to choose the internet service [giver] that you get your broadband internet service from .

If such sequels are permitted , the characters should be compelled to switch over to another Internet service provider , like Erols or MindSpring .
if such sequels are permitted , the characters should be compelled to switch over to another internet service [giver] , like erols or mindspring .

They say they are transforming a bureaucratic industry into an efficient provider of better quality care .
they say they are transforming a bureaucratic industry into an efficient [giver] of better quality care .

Consider it a case of exquisitely bad timing : Just as stock markets around the world were diving in response to currency troubles in Hong Kong and general unease about the future of Asian economies , China Telecom -- that country 's largest provider of cellular-phone service -- went public .
consider it a case of exquisitely bad timing : just as stock markets around the world were diving in response to currency troubles in hong kong and general unease about the future of asian economies , china telecom -- that country 's largest [giver] of cellular-phone service -- went public .

In fact , if Microsoft had n't invested $ 1 billion a year ago in cable provider Comcast , that might still be the conventional wisdom .
in fact , if microsoft had n't invested $ 1 billion a year ago in cable [giver] comcast , that might still be the conventional wisdom .

Two of the suggested counterquestions were `` How much does it cost to use America Online as an Internet Service Provider ? ''
two of the suggested counterquestions were `` how much does it cost to use america online as an internet service [giver] ? ''

GOPnet will be an `` affinity service provider '' and portal .
gopnet will be an `` affinity service [giver] '' and portal .

I succeed in connecting to PlanetPoker.com when I borrow a friend 's laptop and connect through his Internet service provider .
i succeed in connecting to planetpoker.com when i borrow a friend 's laptop and connect through his internet service [giver] .

Our inadequate e-mail provider did not pass along enough responses to allow for our usual scientific survey .
our inadequate e-mail [giver] did not pass along enough responses to allow for our usual scientific survey .

Unfortunately , a series of foul-ups from Shining Path , Slate 's worthless e-mail provider , prevented many replies from getting through .
unfortunately , a series of foul-ups from shining path , slate 's worthless e-mail [giver] , prevented many replies from getting through .

Slate 's worthless e-mail provider is displaying its characteristic incompetence ( surely not treachery -- that would suggest paranoia on my part and determination and skill on theirs -- not likely ) , I received no reader responses to today 's quiz , except a few that slipped through enemy lines , and those using a back channel I 'd rather not discuss .
slate 's worthless e-mail [giver] is displaying its characteristic incompetence ( surely not treachery -- that would suggest paranoia on my part and determination and skill on theirs -- not likely ) , i received no reader responses to today 's quiz , except a few that slipped through enemy lines , and those using a back channel i 'd rather not discuss .

In 1994 , Dayton founded an Internet access provider called EarthLink ( not to be confused with `` The Earthling , '' the name of this column ) .
in 1994 , dayton founded an internet access [giver] called earthlink ( not to be confused with `` the earthling , '' the name of this column ) .

Still , among the desirable qualities of an Internet access provider -- the company whose computers all your e-mail and cyberwanderings pass through -- '' Church of Scientology affiliated '' does not rank high .
still , among the desirable qualities of an internet access [giver] -- the company whose computers all your e-mail and cyberwanderings pass through -- '' church of scientology affiliated '' does not rank high .

Back when I was a journalist -- before I became a provider of digital content -- I thought life would always be simple : I would write articles , and people would pay to read them .
back when i was a journalist -- before i became a [giver] of digital content -- i thought life would always be simple : i would write articles , and people would pay to read them .

His group , a trade association , represents 220 clinics ( but not Planned Parenthood , the largest abortion provider in the United States ) .
his group , a trade association , represents 220 clinics ( but not planned parenthood , the largest abortion [giver] in the united states ) .

Your sprinkler will check with the weather service before it waters the lawn , your refrigerator will order more milk when your carton expires , and your toilet will test your emissions and notify your health-care provider when you 're out of sorts .
your sprinkler will check with the weather service before it waters the lawn , your refrigerator will order more milk when your carton expires , and your toilet will test your emissions and notify your health-care [giver] when you 're out of sorts .

The operator , a certain `` Nola '' from the misnamed `` customer service '' department , told him he should have called his local service provider .
the operator , a certain `` nola '' from the misnamed `` customer service '' department , told him he should have called his local service [giver] .

I received 35 unsolicited e-mails in February , not a huge number , but it 's a short month , and I use a local Internet service provider .
i received 35 unsolicited e-mails in february , not a huge number , but it 's a short month , and i use a local internet service [giver] .

The fascinating cover story traces the path of anti-abortion activist Jim Kopp , the suspect sought in the fatal shooting of abortion provider Dr. Barnett Slepian .
the fascinating cover story traces the path of anti-abortion activist jim kopp , the suspect sought in the fatal shooting of abortion [giver] dr. barnett slepian .

Even for basic-tier service , the statute allows cable companies to begin charging market rates as soon as they face competition from another local provider .
even for basic-tier service , the statute allows cable companies to begin charging market rates as soon as they face competition from another local [giver] .

Unless you live somewhere remote , you reach the Internet by making a local call to your Internet Service Provider .
unless you live somewhere remote , you reach the internet by making a local call to your internet service [giver] .

At a time and frequency you determine ( just once , once a week , every day , or every weekday ) , it dials your Internet service provider ( if necessary ) , makes a connection , downloads the Web pages you have selected , closes the connection , and hangs up .
at a time and frequency you determine ( just once , once a week , every day , or every weekday ) , it dials your internet service [giver] ( if necessary ) , makes a connection , downloads the web pages you have selected , closes the connection , and hangs up .

We see a mother -- the woman as provider ( three decades ago , it would have been a man ) .
we see a mother -- the woman as [giver] ( three decades ago , it would have been a man ) .

Something needs to be there -- to step in -- if the provider is ever finally gone : `` life insurance . ''
something needs to be there -- to step in -- if the [giver] is ever finally gone : `` life insurance . ''

The same content appears in the term content provider .
the same content appears in the term content [giver] .

The composer and multimedia performer Laurie Anderson now calls herself a content provider :
the composer and multimedia performer laurie anderson now calls herself a content [giver] :

Every time I renew my passport -- '' content provider , '' I put that right in .
every time i renew my passport -- '' content [giver] , '' i put that right in .

Belgacom charges 5 cents per minute for connections to any Internet service provider , making the connection more expensive than the provider 's service .
belgacom charges 5 cents per minute for connections to any internet service [giver] , making the connection more expensive than the [giver] 's service .

A service mark identifies you as a provider of specific services rather than of vendable articles .
a service mark identifies you as a [giver] of specific services rather than of vendable articles .

