The $6,100,000,000 measure , which was passed last Monday by the Senate , provides for forty-year mortgages at low down-payments for moderate-income families .
the $6,100,000,000 measure , which was passed last monday by the senate , [gives] for forty-year mortgages at low down-payments for moderate-income families .

It also provides for funds to clear slums and help colleges build dormitories .
it also [gives] for funds to clear slums and help colleges build dormitories .

It provides for a series of landscaped walkways and a central esplanade that would eventually run through the center of the entire two-and-a-half-mile length of the project .
it [gives] for a series of landscaped walkways and a central esplanade that would eventually run through the center of the entire two-and-a-half-mile length of the project .

It provides that the $1,800 termination payment each cadet is to get , after serving a two-year hitch without pay , will be spread over both years , not taxed in its entirety at a possibly higher rate in the year received .
it [gives] that the $1,800 termination payment each cadet is to get , after serving a two-year hitch without pay , will be spread over both years , not taxed in its entirety at a possibly higher rate in the year received .

A high-legged buffet provides easy-to-reach serving , a cocktail table has small snack tables tucked under each end , recessed arched panels decorate a 60-inch long chest .
a high-legged buffet [gives] easy-to-reach serving , a cocktail table has small snack tables tucked under each end , recessed arched panels decorate a 60-inch long chest .

The basic state grant is thirty cents for each person served , and there is a further book incentive grant that provides an extra twenty cents up to fifty cents per capita , if a library spends a certain number of dollars .
the basic state grant is thirty cents for each person served , and there is a further book incentive grant that [gives] an extra twenty cents up to fifty cents per capita , if a library spends a certain number of dollars .

Contrast trim provides other touches of color .
contrast trim [gives] other touches of color .

Two things have happened in recent months to bring the Council into perspective : each provides a basis for renewed hope and joy .
two things have happened in recent months to bring the council into perspective : each [gives] a basis for renewed hope and joy .

By and large , Robert McEnroe's adaptation of Maurice Walsh's film , `` The Quiet Man '' , provides the entertainment it set out to , and we have a lively musical show if not a superlative one .
by and large , robert mcenroe's adaptation of maurice walsh's film , `` the quiet man '' , [gives] the entertainment it set out to , and we have a lively musical show if not a superlative one .

`` Negro-appeal radio is more important to the Negro today , because it provides a direct and powerful mirror in which the Negro can hear and see his ambitions , achievements and desires .
`` negro-appeal radio is more important to the negro today , because it [gives] a direct and powerful mirror in which the negro can hear and see his ambitions , achievements and desires .

Aside from a quaint concern with witches and devils which provides the immediate problem in the opening scene , it is a quite normal community .
aside from a quaint concern with witches and devils which [gives] the immediate problem in the opening scene , it is a quite normal community .

It provides a natural transition into the life of the local church and its organizations .
it [gives] a natural transition into the life of the local church and its organizations .

Basing action on the empirical determination of cause and effect provides a toughness and bravado that no powerful otherworldly ancestor could ever impart -- plus the added liberation from the constraint of silent burial urns .
basing action on the empirical determination of cause and effect [gives] a toughness and bravado that no powerful otherworldly ancestor could ever impart -- plus the added liberation from the constraint of silent burial urns .

Placing missiles in submarines , on barges , railroads , highways , surface vessels and in the air provides them with passive protection by taking advantage of the gravest weakness of long-range ballistic missiles today -- the extreme difficulty of destroying a mobile or moving target with such weapons .
placing missiles in submarines , on barges , railroads , highways , surface vessels and in the air [gives] them with passive protection by taking advantage of the gravest weakness of long-range ballistic missiles today -- the extreme difficulty of destroying a mobile or moving target with such weapons .

The engineering provides exactly the support needed for such a result .
the engineering [gives] exactly the support needed for such a result .

Florida provides tropical scenes unequalled in the United States .
florida [gives] tropical scenes unequalled in the united states .

This follows naturally since frontage on an ocean , stream , or lake provides scenic values and opportunities for the very popular recreation activities of bathing , fishing , boating , and other water sports .
this follows naturally since frontage on an ocean , stream , or lake [gives] scenic values and opportunities for the very popular recreation activities of bathing , fishing , boating , and other water sports .

In following this general principle , Mason provides the observer with a natural eye progression from foreground to background , and the illusion of depth is instantly created .
in following this general principle , mason [gives] the observer with a natural eye progression from foreground to background , and the illusion of depth is instantly created .

But the Russians use gymnastics as the first step in training for all other sports because it provides training in every basic quality except one , endurance .
but the russians use gymnastics as the first step in training for all other sports because it [gives] training in every basic quality except one , endurance .

The addition of endurance training later , when the body is mature enough to benefit from it without danger of injury , provides that final quality that makes the top athlete , soldier or citizen .
the addition of endurance training later , when the body is mature enough to benefit from it without danger of injury , [gives] that final quality that makes the top athlete , soldier or citizen .

Very little in today's living provides the strength we need and nothing provides the flexibility .
very little in today's living [gives] the strength we need and nothing [gives] the flexibility .

This unit , affectionately dubbed `` The Monster '' , can be wheeled to any convenient location and provides a wealth of information about the patient's breathing .
this unit , affectionately dubbed `` the monster '' , can be wheeled to any convenient location and [gives] a wealth of information about the patient's breathing .

Consciousness is the factor that provides the progressive continuity to sensory impressions .
consciousness is the factor that [gives] the progressive continuity to sensory impressions .

A farm provides a wholesome and healthful environment for children .
a farm [gives] a wholesome and healthful environment for children .

It provides pastoral care for the sick and troubled .
it [gives] pastoral care for the sick and troubled .

It provides identification -- with an idea , a value , a cause that cuts through , or even transcends , the multiple and ambivalent identities of their passage from child to adult , and permits their forceful and overt expression of emotion .
it [gives] identification -- with an idea , a value , a cause that cuts through , or even transcends , the multiple and ambivalent identities of their passage from child to adult , and permits their forceful and overt expression of emotion .

This understanding provides a very simple example of the fact that one can eliminate fear without instituting any controls .
this understanding [gives] a very simple example of the fact that one can eliminate fear without instituting any controls .

The curious relationship between Holmes and Scotland Yard provides an important clue to the deeper significance of his eccentric behavior .
the curious relationship between holmes and scotland yard [gives] an important clue to the deeper significance of his eccentric behavior .

Dashiell Hammett's Red Harvest provides a classic example of this theme .
dashiell hammett's red harvest [gives] a classic example of this theme .

It provides exactly the same reason .
it [gives] exactly the same reason .

Modern psychiatric knowledge provides us with many keys to unlock the significance of behavior of the kind .
modern psychiatric knowledge [gives] us with many keys to unlock the significance of behavior of the kind .

Undoubtedly one merit of the vast panorama of Gentile conceptions of the Jew unfolded in the present anthology is that it provides a formidable body of material that invites critical examination in terms of reality .
undoubtedly one merit of the vast panorama of gentile conceptions of the jew unfolded in the present anthology is that it [gives] a formidable body of material that invites critical examination in terms of reality .

The symposium provides an opportunity to confront the self with specific statements which were made at particular times by identifiable communicators who were addressing definite audiences -- and throughout several hundred pages everyone is talking about the same key symbol of identification .
the symposium [gives] an opportunity to confront the self with specific statements which were made at particular times by identifiable communicators who were addressing definite audiences -- and throughout several hundred pages everyone is talking about the same key symbol of identification .

The point is that an ethical critic , with an assist from Freud , can seize on this theory to argue that tragedy provides us with a harmless outlet for our hostile urges .
the point is that an ethical critic , with an assist from freud , can seize on this theory to argue that tragedy [gives] us with a harmless outlet for our hostile urges .

What is required is the full implementation of Article 2 of the Treaty , which provides : `` The Parties will contribute toward the further development of peaceful and friendly international relations by strengthening their free institutions , by bringing about a better understanding of the principles upon which these institutions are founded , and by promoting conditions of stability and well-being .
what is required is the full implementation of article 2 of the treaty , which [gives] : `` the parties will contribute toward the further development of peaceful and friendly international relations by strengthening their free institutions , by bringing about a better understanding of the principles upon which these institutions are founded , and by promoting conditions of stability and well-being .

The Office of Business Economics ( OBE ) of the U.S. Department of Commerce provides basic measures of the national economy and current analysis of short-run changes in the economic situation and business outlook .
the office of business economics ( obe ) of the u.s. department of commerce [gives] basic measures of the national economy and current analysis of short-run changes in the economic situation and business outlook .

The Small Business Administration ( SBA ) provides guidance and advice on sources of technical information relating to small business management and research and development of products .
the small business administration ( sba ) [gives] guidance and advice on sources of technical information relating to small business management and research and development of products .

This system provides long- and short-term credit to farmers and their cooperative marketing , purchasing , and business service organizations .
this system [gives] long- and short-term credit to farmers and their cooperative marketing , purchasing , and business service organizations .

It also provides for the taxation of all personal property , belonging to inhabitants of the state , both tangible and intangible , and the tangible personal property of non-residents in this state .
it also [gives] for the taxation of all personal property , belonging to inhabitants of the state , both tangible and intangible , and the tangible personal property of non-residents in this state .

In addition to maintaining a permanent central file of illustrations of diseases , wounds , and injuries of military importance , it provides facilities for clinical photography , photomicrography , and medical arts , and operates a printing plant , by permission of Congressional Committee , for publication of an `` Atlas of Tumor Pathology '' .
in addition to maintaining a permanent central file of illustrations of diseases , wounds , and injuries of military importance , it [gives] facilities for clinical photography , photomicrography , and medical arts , and operates a printing plant , by permission of congressional committee , for publication of an `` atlas of tumor pathology '' .

Such an interferometer provides a means of absolute temperature measurement , and may be used as an alternative to the gas thermometer .
such an interferometer [gives] a means of absolute temperature measurement , and may be used as an alternative to the gas thermometer .

The freight traffic most susceptible to raiding by the C. & O. - B. & O. provides the backbone of Central's revenues .
the freight traffic most susceptible to raiding by the c. & o. - b. & o. [gives] the backbone of central's revenues .

In order to assist the States in maintaining basic vocational rehabilitation services , Section 2 of the amended Act provides that allotments to States for support of such services be based on ( 1 ) need , as measured by a State's population , and ( 2 ) fiscal capacity , as measured by its per capita income .
in order to assist the states in maintaining basic vocational rehabilitation services , section 2 of the amended act [gives] that allotments to states for support of such services be based on ( 1 ) need , as measured by a state's population , and ( 2 ) fiscal capacity , as measured by its per capita income .

The Act further provides for a `` floor '' or minimum allotment , set at the 1954 level , which is called the `` base '' allotment , and a `` ceiling '' or maximum allotment , for each State .
the act further [gives] for a `` floor '' or minimum allotment , set at the 1954 level , which is called the `` base '' allotment , and a `` ceiling '' or maximum allotment , for each state .

A family dwelling without a basement provides some natural shielding from fallout radiation .
a family dwelling without a basement [gives] some natural shielding from fallout radiation .

The Carleton Service Fund provides the financial support for this program .
the carleton service fund [gives] the financial support for this program .

A Sunday evening program provides theological lectures , music , drama , and films related to the issues of the Judeo-Christian tradition .
a sunday evening program [gives] theological lectures , music , drama , and films related to the issues of the judeo-christian tradition .

this workshop , located in Boliou Hall , provides facilities for students to work in ceramics , weaving , enameling , welding , woodworking , textile printing , printmaking , and lapidary .
this workshop , located in boliou hall , [gives] facilities for students to work in ceramics , weaving , enameling , welding , woodworking , textile printing , printmaking , and lapidary .

KARL provides experience for students who wish to pursue careers in radio .
karl [gives] experience for students who wish to pursue careers in radio .

Af appeared to be well suited for the study of these matters , since it is a normal paramagnet , with three unpaired electrons on the chromium , its crystal structure is very simple , and the unknown position of the hydrogen in the strong Af bond provides structural interest .
af appeared to be well suited for the study of these matters , since it is a normal paramagnet , with three unpaired electrons on the chromium , its crystal structure is very simple , and the unknown position of the hydrogen in the strong af bond [gives] structural interest .

This is much higher than the nickel content of terrestrial dusts and sediments and provides a basis for the determination of the meteoritic mass influx .
this is much higher than the nickel content of terrestrial dusts and sediments and [gives] a basis for the determination of the meteoritic mass influx .

a marvelous arrangement , for it provides exactly what the bee queens need to make their beebread , a combination of honey and pollen with which the young of all species are fed .
a marvelous arrangement , for it [gives] exactly what the bee queens need to make their beebread , a combination of honey and pollen with which the young of all species are fed .

As in type 1 , , it provides arterial blood to the interlobular septa , and an extremely rich anastomotic pleural supply is seen ( figs. 9 , 10 ) .
as in type 1 , , it [gives] arterial blood to the interlobular septa , and an extremely rich anastomotic pleural supply is seen ( figs. 9 , 10 ) .

In type 3 the bronchial artery also provides blood directly to the alveolar capillary bed .
in type 3 the bronchial artery also [gives] blood directly to the alveolar capillary bed .

The lower portion provides a rating at any stage between infancy and adulthood .
the lower portion [gives] a rating at any stage between infancy and adulthood .

Although biopsies have shown structural changes in some of the reported cases of steroid-induced weakness , this case provides the only example known to us in which necropsy afforded the opportunity for extensive study of multiple muscle groups .
although biopsies have shown structural changes in some of the reported cases of steroid-induced weakness , this case [gives] the only example known to us in which necropsy afforded the opportunity for extensive study of multiple muscle groups .

The kind of religious experience that most moderns seek not only provides , clarifies , and relates human yearnings , values , ideals , and purposes ; ;
the kind of religious experience that most moderns seek not only [gives] , clarifies , and relates human yearnings , values , ideals , and purposes ; ;

it also provides facilities and incitements for the development of personality , sociality , and creativeness .
it also [gives] facilities and incitements for the development of personality , sociality , and creativeness .

Closely related to this function is the fact that the religious system provides a body of ultimate ends for the society , which are compatible with the supreme eternal ends .
closely related to this function is the fact that the religious system [gives] a body of ultimate ends for the society , which are compatible with the supreme eternal ends .

This explains some group ends and provides a justification of their primacy .
this explains some group ends and [gives] a justification of their primacy .

Religion provides the most attractive rewards , either in this world or the next , for those who not merely abide by its norms , but who engage in good works .
religion [gives] the most attractive rewards , either in this world or the next , for those who not merely abide by its norms , but who engage in good works .

In order to attain the goal of group solidarity and to relieve tension , the high fertility rate provides more group members for mate selection , and the clustering of members in groups fosters acceptance of group controls .
in order to attain the goal of group solidarity and to relieve tension , the high fertility rate [gives] more group members for mate selection , and the clustering of members in groups fosters acceptance of group controls .

This provides the necessary contact with the larger society , while supporting a type of control over members in terms of social contacts .
this [gives] the necessary contact with the larger society , while supporting a type of control over members in terms of social contacts .

It provides a frame for the sampling census .
it [gives] a frame for the sampling census .

It also provides a frame within which the registration of vital events is gradually gaining force ( though one cannot expect to obtain reliable vital statistics in most parts of the Congo from this source in the near future ) .
it also [gives] a frame within which the registration of vital events is gradually gaining force ( though one cannot expect to obtain reliable vital statistics in most parts of the congo from this source in the near future ) .

A random-storage scheme , based on the spelling of forms , provides an economical way to compile this text-form list .
a random-storage scheme , based on the spelling of forms , [gives] an economical way to compile this text-form list .

The Federal program of vocational education merely provides financial aid to encourage the establishment of vocational education programs in public schools .
the federal program of vocational education merely [gives] financial aid to encourage the establishment of vocational education programs in public schools .

Vocational educators do not claim that school training alone makes skilled workers , but it provides the essential groundwork for developing skills .
vocational educators do not claim that school training alone makes skilled workers , but it [gives] the essential groundwork for developing skills .

The existence of a public school vocational training program in trade and industry provides a base from which such needs can be filled .
the existence of a public school vocational training program in trade and industry [gives] a base from which such needs can be filled .

On its face this merely provides a federal forum ; ;
on its face this merely [gives] a federal forum ; ;

Revenue Ruling 54-17 provides that if the corporation against which a tax was assessed has since been liquidated by merger with a successor corporation , a claim for refund should be filed by the successor in the name and on behalf of the corporation which paid the tax , followed by the name of the successor corporation .
revenue ruling 54-17 [gives] that if the corporation against which a tax was assessed has since been liquidated by merger with a successor corporation , a claim for refund should be filed by the successor in the name and on behalf of the corporation which paid the tax , followed by the name of the successor corporation .

Section 362 requires carryover of the transferor corporation's basis for property transferred , and section 1223 provides for tacking on the transferor's holding period for such property to that of the transferee .
section 362 requires carryover of the transferor corporation's basis for property transferred , and section 1223 [gives] for tacking on the transferor's holding period for such property to that of the transferee .

Chapter 15 provides more detailed information about specific techniques used in evaluating pupil progress .
chapter 15 [gives] more detailed information about specific techniques used in evaluating pupil progress .

and it is again and again made clear that Utopian communism provides the institutional array indispensible to that best ordering .
and it is again and again made clear that utopian communism [gives] the institutional array indispensible to that best ordering .

He is a trustee for the common good , however feeble the safeguards which the positive or municipal law of property provides against his misuse of that share of the common fund , wisely or unwisely , entrusted to his keeping .
he is a trustee for the common good , however feeble the safeguards which the positive or municipal law of property [gives] against his misuse of that share of the common fund , wisely or unwisely , entrusted to his keeping .

( This provides whatever real justification there is for the talk about `` reality '' .
( this [gives] whatever real justification there is for the talk about `` reality '' .

It is the similarity between Estella's hands and Molly's ( `` The action of her fingers was like the action of knitting '' ) that provides Pip with a vital clue to the real identity of both and establishes a symbolic connection between the underworld of crime and the genteel cruelty of Satis House .
it is the similarity between estella's hands and molly's ( `` the action of her fingers was like the action of knitting '' ) that [gives] pip with a vital clue to the real identity of both and establishes a symbolic connection between the underworld of crime and the genteel cruelty of satis house .

In this type of system , a high loop gain is desirable because it provides a fast response time .
in this type of system , a high loop gain is desirable because it [gives] a fast response time .

This instrument provides an electrical signal proportional to the angular deviations of the platform and can be used to automatically hold the platform on true heading .
this instrument [gives] an electrical signal proportional to the angular deviations of the platform and can be used to automatically hold the platform on true heading .

`` It's safe '' , Prevot had said , `` and it provides cover for our noise '' .
`` it's safe '' , prevot had said , `` and it [gives] cover for our noise '' .

The Enterprise Workshop in Swindon provides employment for 54 disabled people .
the enterprise workshop in swindon [gives] employment for 54 disabled people .

It provides a positive experience for prisoners who 're serving their time .
it [gives] a positive experience for prisoners who 're serving their time .

Welcome back : Still to come on Central News , the taxi driver who freely admits that he provides a very sketchy service .
welcome back : still to come on central news , the taxi driver who freely admits that he [gives] a very sketchy service .

The non-profit making organisation which provides his carers is already stretched with other diasabled people like Michael struggling to pay .
the non-profit making organisation which [gives] his carers is already stretched with other diasabled people like michael struggling to pay .

Cleeve Hill overlooking Cheltenham provides one of the most glorious views in the Cotswolds .
cleeve hill overlooking cheltenham [gives] one of the most glorious views in the cotswolds .

Africa is facing its worst drought this century , and the Northampton based charity World Vision is warning that millions will die unless the West provides help .
africa is facing its worst drought this century , and the northampton based charity world vision is warning that millions will die unless the west [gives] help .

The safety records of both Lyneham and the Hercules are exceptional , but the incident provides pause for thought
the safety records of both lyneham and the hercules are exceptional , but the incident [gives] pause for thought

From the top it provides magnificent views of the city 's famous skyline .
from the top it [gives] magnificent views of the city 's famous skyline .

Built in the 1950s the Netheridge works provides basic treatment to sewage from homes and industry from a large part of Gloucester .
built in the 1950s the netheridge works [gives] basic treatment to sewage from homes and industry from a large part of gloucester .

Seating 500 it provides a centre of services of all denominations and a concert venue .
seating 500 it [gives] a centre of services of all denominations and a concert venue .

Despite the spectacle the indoor game provides … it 's struggling to survive .
despite the spectacle the indoor game [gives] … it 's struggling to survive .

Their group , Spiral Tribe provides music at the raves .
their group , spiral tribe [gives] music at the raves .

One provides us with food , one provi , puts bits together and the other provides us with a service .
one [gives] us with food , one provi , puts bits together and the other [gives] us with a service .

provides making goods and service available in all areas .
[gives] making goods and service available in all areas .

Tonight 's first race provides the Nap , this is trap six , Tyrell .
tonight 's first race [gives] the nap , this is trap six , tyrell .

The White House said that the programme , to be announced tomorrow in a speech to a joint session of Congress , would also include a stab at controlling spiralling health care costs , but that Mr Clinton would not ask for higher contributions from beneficiaries of the Medicare programme , which provides health care for the elderly .
the white house said that the programme , to be announced tomorrow in a speech to a joint session of congress , would also include a stab at controlling spiralling health care costs , but that mr clinton would not ask for higher contributions from beneficiaries of the medicare programme , which [gives] health care for the elderly .

It provides a much clearer image of the ‘ cherub-faced ’ boy than anything produced so far , though the features of the other boy remain indistinct .
it [gives] a much clearer image of the ‘ cherub-faced ’ boy than anything produced so far , though the features of the other boy remain indistinct .

The association 's director of public relations , Alison Slann , said : ‘ This major industry initiative provides significant benefits for the general public by allowing recourse for consumers dissatisfied with their relationship with a direct marketing member company and to seek to conciliate in the dispute . ’
the association 's director of public relations , alison slann , said : ‘ this major industry initiative [gives] significant benefits for the general public by allowing recourse for consumers dissatisfied with their relationship with a direct marketing member company and to seek to conciliate in the dispute . ’

It is the only personal fellowship in Scottish history backed by industry and provides an excellent opportunity to support research in an underfunded area .
it is the only personal fellowship in scottish history backed by industry and [gives] an excellent opportunity to support research in an underfunded area .

Undertaken by the Scottish Homes agency on behalf of the Scottish Office , the survey provides the first comprehensive analysis of the condition of both public and private sector housing in Scotland .
undertaken by the scottish homes agency on behalf of the scottish office , the survey [gives] the first comprehensive analysis of the condition of both public and private sector housing in scotland .

The bill has cross-party support and provides the Government with the means to put early legislation on to a crowded timetable .
the bill has cross-party support and [gives] the government with the means to put early legislation on to a crowded timetable .

He said that his company , which also provides needs-analysis for companies , taught ex-service personnel skills such as not using military terms in their curricula vitarum and interviews .
he said that his company , which also [gives] needs-analysis for companies , taught ex-service personnel skills such as not using military terms in their curricula vitarum and interviews .

Let me quote Professor Adolf Butenandt , Nobel prize-winning biologist : ‘ Even though modern biology provides us with a new outlook and a deeper insight into the nature of many living phenomena , it does not answer the question of what life itself is . ’
let me quote professor adolf butenandt , nobel prize-winning biologist : ‘ even though modern biology [gives] us with a new outlook and a deeper insight into the nature of many living phenomena , it does not answer the question of what life itself is . ’

This provides access to funds through dollar cheques , provides interest on uninvested cash and also offers low interest loans to buy additional stocks to add to any marginal holdings .
this [gives] access to funds through dollar cheques , [gives] interest on uninvested cash and also offers low interest loans to buy additional stocks to add to any marginal holdings .

This can be anything from postcards to calendars to specialist books and provides a steady flow of business to offset the seasonality of the financial division .
this can be anything from postcards to calendars to specialist books and [gives] a steady flow of business to offset the seasonality of the financial division .

He recommends that the council review its staffing structure to ensure it provides adequate poolside cover .
he recommends that the council review its staffing structure to ensure it [gives] adequate poolside cover .

The Rihand project situated in the Northern Indian state of Utter Pradesh provides power to the capital Delhi and other parts of the Northern grid .
the rihand project situated in the northern indian state of utter pradesh [gives] power to the capital delhi and other parts of the northern grid .

Caring for Someone provides a wealth of information on the range of benefits available for the person being cared for , and the carer .
caring for someone [gives] a wealth of information on the range of benefits available for the person being cared for , and the carer .

Wilgro provides all the compost , peat and packaging deducting the cost against mushrooms subsequently produced .
wilgro [gives] all the compost , peat and packaging deducting the cost against mushrooms subsequently produced .

In particular , it provides no new measures to help the North .
in particular , it [gives] no new measures to help the north .

The scheme also provides for the installation of speed humps on the estate , seven of which will be installed in Lakeside .
the scheme also [gives] for the installation of speed humps on the estate , seven of which will be installed in lakeside .

For Joan it has been a labour of love and provides an amusing and detailed insight into medicine in the town .
for joan it has been a labour of love and [gives] an amusing and detailed insight into medicine in the town .

The biggest and most comprehensive opinion poll taken during the entire general election campaign almost certainly provides the most accurate snapshot of voting intentions .
the biggest and most comprehensive opinion poll taken during the entire general election campaign almost certainly [gives] the most accurate snapshot of voting intentions .

Mr Don Macro , chairman of Dial-a-Ride , which provides minibus transport for the elderly and disabled , said the scheme created problems for the charity 's clients .
mr don macro , chairman of dial-a-ride , which [gives] minibus transport for the elderly and disabled , said the scheme created problems for the charity 's clients .

Mr Ritchie has been told by legal counsel that this new evidence in their opinion provides substantial grounds for Mr Lang to order a retrial or a full reinvestigation of the case , but assessment of the appeal documents is at an early stage .
mr ritchie has been told by legal counsel that this new evidence in their opinion [gives] substantial grounds for mr lang to order a retrial or a full reinvestigation of the case , but assessment of the appeal documents is at an early stage .

Underlying inflation , which provides a better guide to cost pressures as it excludes volatile mortgage interest rates , was slightly stronger at 3.4 per cent , up from 3.2 per cent in January .
underlying inflation , which [gives] a better guide to cost pressures as it excludes volatile mortgage interest rates , was slightly stronger at 3.4 per cent , up from 3.2 per cent in january .

The problem was found by the National Audit Office during an audit of the Social Fund , which provides loans to meet maternity expenses , funeral costs , heating during periods of cold weather , ‘ important ’ intermittent expenses , and in emergencies or disasters .
the problem was found by the national audit office during an audit of the social fund , which [gives] loans to meet maternity expenses , funeral costs , heating during periods of cold weather , ‘ important ’ intermittent expenses , and in emergencies or disasters .

The arm was developed at the bio-engineering centre at the Princess Margaret Rose Orthopaedic Centre in Edinburgh , which has a world-wide reputation for the quality of specialist clinical care it provides for people with severe or unusual physical disabilities .
the arm was developed at the bio-engineering centre at the princess margaret rose orthopaedic centre in edinburgh , which has a world-wide reputation for the quality of specialist clinical care it [gives] for people with severe or unusual physical disabilities .

The most obvious asset in most marriages is the matrimonial home , but the act also provides specifically that the ‘ rights or interests of either party under an … occupational pension scheme ’ should also be taken into account .
the most obvious asset in most marriages is the matrimonial home , but the act also [gives] specifically that the ‘ rights or interests of either party under an … occupational pension scheme ’ should also be taken into account .

The fund , which provides loans and grants for those receiving social security benefits to buy essential items , has grown by more than 50 per cent since 1991 .
the fund , which [gives] loans and grants for those receiving social security benefits to buy essential items , has grown by more than 50 per cent since 1991 .

‘ In addition , it provides a local market in which we can add value to 200,000 tonnes of commercially-grown pine which would otherwise be sold for processing outside the Highlands .
‘ in addition , it [gives] a local market in which we can add value to 200,000 tonnes of commercially-grown pine which would otherwise be sold for processing outside the highlands .

‘ Not just for employment which it directly provides , but also in the way in which it underpins so many rural industries .
‘ not just for employment which it directly [gives] , but also in the way in which it underpins so many rural industries .

The Scots include six full caps against the visitors ' four , and for four of the forwards , Martin Scott , Chris Gray , David McIvor , playing at No8 , and Ian Smith , the match , sponsored by Total Oil Marine International , provides them with the opportunity to get back into the selectors ' good books .
the scots include six full caps against the visitors ' four , and for four of the forwards , martin scott , chris gray , david mcivor , playing at no8 , and ian smith , the match , sponsored by total oil marine international , [gives] them with the opportunity to get back into the selectors ' good books .

The Scots include six full caps against the visitors ' four , and for four of the forwards , Martin Scott , Chris Gray , David McIvor , playing at No8 , and Ian Smith , the match , sponsored by Total Oil Marine International , provides them with the opportunity to get back into the selectors ' good books .
the scots include six full caps against the visitors ' four , and for four of the forwards , martin scott , chris gray , david mcivor , playing at no8 , and ian smith , the match , sponsored by total oil marine international , [gives] them with the opportunity to get back into the selectors ' good books .

Nevertheless , the Ibrox fixture is part of a carefully-planned World Cup build-up which provides some real challenges to Vogts 's side .
nevertheless , the ibrox fixture is part of a carefully-planned world cup build-up which [gives] some real challenges to vogts 's side .

Dr Ian Dickson of the nearby Springwell House Health Centre , which provides working space for the counsellors , says : ‘ It 's very helpful to have local agencies we can refer people to .
dr ian dickson of the nearby springwell house health centre , which [gives] working space for the counsellors , says : ‘ it 's very helpful to have local agencies we can refer people to .

Marion Pickersgill , who runs Darlington 's Supreme Care Homes , including Ventress and Stanton said : ‘ He is a most wonderful man and provides friendship and spiritual support to residents . ’
marion pickersgill , who runs darlington 's supreme care homes , including ventress and stanton said : ‘ he is a most wonderful man and [gives] friendship and spiritual support to residents . ’

It provides 45 pitches which can accommodate 90 caravans .
it [gives] 45 pitches which can accommodate 90 caravans .

Darlington has 131 of the crime combatting schemes and some volunteers feared they could fold if the council did not come up with its share of the funding Durham County Council provides the other half .
darlington has 131 of the crime combatting schemes and some volunteers feared they could fold if the council did not come up with its share of the funding durham county council [gives] the other half .

When the government makes an award it normally provides all but about a quarter of a per cent of the extra needed .
when the government makes an award it normally [gives] all but about a quarter of a per cent of the extra needed .

Mr Carberry said he would be shown the accommodation for nine above the centre and told of the residential project in Darlington town centre , which provides accommodation for three people .
mr carberry said he would be shown the accommodation for nine above the centre and told of the residential project in darlington town centre , which [gives] accommodation for three people .

The kitchen at Glasgow 's Southern General Hospital provides enough meals for a small town .
the kitchen at glasgow 's southern general hospital [gives] enough meals for a small town .

The wetlands ' oxygenated soil , honeycombed with reed rhizomes ( underground stems ) provides a perfect environment for these bacterial workhorses .
the wetlands ' oxygenated soil , honeycombed with reed rhizomes ( underground stems ) [gives] a perfect environment for these bacterial workhorses .

In contrast to the Fife project with its one reed species , diversity of plants and animals here is intentional ; the variety provides a buffer against unpredicted changes in the waste-stream , a check against the overproduction of any one constituent of the wetland , and — because the system 's make-up is allowed to change — a means of continually testing refinements not anticipated in the original biological analysis .
in contrast to the fife project with its one reed species , diversity of plants and animals here is intentional ; the variety [gives] a buffer against unpredicted changes in the waste-stream , a check against the overproduction of any one constituent of the wetland , and — because the system 's make-up is allowed to change — a means of continually testing refinements not anticipated in the original biological analysis .

Ivy is an essential component of the best woodland habitats in Britain and often provides the only available evergreen shelter in winter .
ivy is an essential component of the best woodland habitats in britain and often [gives] the only available evergreen shelter in winter .

Its dense growth provides nesting places for a range of bird life as well as warm cover in winter or roosting small birds .
its dense growth [gives] nesting places for a range of bird life as well as warm cover in winter or roosting small birds .

‘ Broadly speaking , ’ says Kinsey , ‘ these writers share the following claims : Firstly , for a section of the population — in practice the unemployed poor — the availability of state benefits provides a basic financial guarantee allowing choices to be made and actions pursued , which previously were unavailable due to the constraints of the labour market .
‘ broadly speaking , ’ says kinsey , ‘ these writers share the following claims : firstly , for a section of the population — in practice the unemployed poor — the availability of state benefits [gives] a basic financial guarantee allowing choices to be made and actions pursued , which previously were unavailable due to the constraints of the labour market .

He provides the guided tour of the ground First Division facilities , Northern League friendliness before adjourning for a couple of halves in a town centre pub called the Black Adder , run by former Ipswich star Alan Brazil .
he [gives] the guided tour of the ground first division facilities , northern league friendliness before adjourning for a couple of halves in a town centre pub called the black adder , run by former ipswich star alan brazil .

These displays are further examples of the excellent service to artists and the public that the Collective provides with its rapidly changing programme of exhibitions .
these displays are further examples of the excellent service to artists and the public that the collective [gives] with its rapidly changing programme of exhibitions .

It provides signals : fear , threat and oppression ( castle ) ; absence of fear ( Renaissance villas ) ; culture ( libraries and theatres ) ; grandeur , exploitation , achievement , and so forth .
it [gives] signals : fear , threat and oppression ( castle ) ; absence of fear ( renaissance villas ) ; culture ( libraries and theatres ) ; grandeur , exploitation , achievement , and so forth .

The suggestion is not that music must hurt but great music both reveals wounds and provides a balm .
the suggestion is not that music must hurt but great music both reveals wounds and [gives] a balm .

Situated in Ayala Close , The Paddocks , Orrell Lane , Liverpool 9 , the property will be of special interest to growing families : The 19 feet x 11 feet rear extension provides spacious ground floor accommodation comprising hall , cloaks , lounge , dining room , lounge and fitted kitchen .
situated in ayala close , the paddocks , orrell lane , liverpool 9 , the property will be of special interest to growing families : the 19 feet x 11 feet rear extension [gives] spacious ground floor accommodation comprising hall , cloaks , lounge , dining room , lounge and fitted kitchen .

Now from his base on the Brunner Mond site in Northwich he provides services for companies , and his clients also include the army .
now from his base on the brunner mond site in northwich he [gives] services for companies , and his clients also include the army .

There is much more in that vein in this engaging travelogue , and Clements , with the reporter 's eye for the telling detail , also provides useful little descriptions of the local history , the flora and fauna of the countryside he passed through on his coastal odyssey .
there is much more in that vein in this engaging travelogue , and clements , with the reporter 's eye for the telling detail , also [gives] useful little descriptions of the local history , the flora and fauna of the countryside he passed through on his coastal odyssey .

’ ) Medau provides an essential change of pace , after hectic days in the fast-moving computer business .
’ ) medau [gives] an essential change of pace , after hectic days in the fast-moving computer business .

The average employer in Britain provides 14 hours off-the-job training each year per worker compared with 30–40 hours in Germany .
the average employer in britain [gives] 14 hours off-the-job training each year per worker compared with 30–40 hours in germany .

It provides a framework for modelling and understanding of the behaviour of complex social and business organisation and is being used widely for systematic problem-solving , organisational learning and business re-engineering in a variety of fields .
it [gives] a framework for modelling and understanding of the behaviour of complex social and business organisation and is being used widely for systematic problem-solving , organisational learning and business re-engineering in a variety of fields .

As an umbrella body uniting over 250 national organisations concerned with sporting and recreational activities , it provides through its Divisional structure a forum where like-minded bodies can meet to discuss areas of common concern .
as an umbrella body uniting over 250 national organisations concerned with sporting and recreational activities , it [gives] through its divisional structure a forum where like-minded bodies can meet to discuss areas of common concern .

This provides their marriage with a foundation of love and understanding for each other .
this [gives] their marriage with a foundation of love and understanding for each other .

‘ Anna Karenina ’ has other plots which introduce the story of Anna , her husband and lover and provides a rich contrast to the events involving these three parties .
‘ anna karenina ’ has other plots which introduce the story of anna , her husband and lover and [gives] a rich contrast to the events involving these three parties .

The sea coast provides fishing and in some of the larger settlements , main harbours .
the sea coast [gives] fishing and in some of the larger settlements , main harbours .

The operating system which arranges the sharing of the computer among several concurrent users , catalogues any data that are to be preserved in files for later use and provides various ‘ housekeeping ’ facilities helpful to the user ;
the operating system which arranges the sharing of the computer among several concurrent users , catalogues any data that are to be preserved in files for later use and [gives] various ‘ housekeeping ’ facilities helpful to the user ;

An odd number of classes provides a neutral mid-point .
an odd number of classes [gives] a neutral mid-point .

With these three methods of finance the finance house provides the funds and a percentage rate of interest .
with these three methods of finance the finance house [gives] the funds and a percentage rate of interest .

Currie ( 1987 ) provides reasons for the continuation of some form of medium term strategy .
currie ( 1987 ) [gives] reasons for the continuation of some form of medium term strategy .

In a straightforward way the seller provides goods or services to the buyer , presents an invoice and is paid on the due date ( more or less ) .
in a straightforward way the seller [gives] goods or services to the buyer , presents an invoice and is paid on the due date ( more or less ) .

Section 3 of the Bills of Exchange Act 1882 provides an exact definition of a bill of exchange .
section 3 of the bills of exchange act 1882 [gives] an exact definition of a bill of exchange .

The secondary market provides investors with liquidity , the ability to turn securities into cash if required , which makes it reasonable for many savers to hold long-term assets .
the secondary market [gives] investors with liquidity , the ability to turn securities into cash if required , which makes it reasonable for many savers to hold long-term assets .

The secondary market helps new issues get underway in the primary market and therefore provides capital for growing companies .
the secondary market helps new issues get underway in the primary market and therefore [gives] capital for growing companies .

The stock market also provides a price guide to the value of a company that can be used for transferral of ownership in the form of a takeover .
the stock market also [gives] a price guide to the value of a company that can be used for transferral of ownership in the form of a takeover .

Lloyd 's provides an example of a self-regulatory ‘ club ’ and the extent to which Lloyd 's carries out its self-regulatory role is questionable .
lloyd 's [gives] an example of a self-regulatory ‘ club ’ and the extent to which lloyd 's carries out its self-regulatory role is questionable .

a private customer to whom it or anyone acting on its behalf provides an investment service is informed of its and that persons status ; and
a private customer to whom it or anyone acting on its behalf [gives] an investment service is informed of its and that persons status ; and

It thus provides an unusually good opportunity to try to disentangle the general cross-national effects of the crisis from the influence of national political factors .
it thus [gives] an unusually good opportunity to try to disentangle the general cross-national effects of the crisis from the influence of national political factors .

Third , the choice of Spain provides an important short-term political variable .
third , the choice of spain [gives] an important short-term political variable .

In exchange for support from civil servants in resisting the cuts of the Treasury or in presenting its investment programme sympathetically to the government , an enterprise might refrain from padding out its capital applications ; again the electricity industry provides an example ( Hannah 1982 : 44 ) .
in exchange for support from civil servants in resisting the cuts of the treasury or in presenting its investment programme sympathetically to the government , an enterprise might refrain from padding out its capital applications ; again the electricity industry [gives] an example ( hannah 1982 : 44 ) .

In this section it will be argued that , since industrial relations form part of the overall texture of state enterprise activity , the logic of public enterprises provides a starting point for understanding their industrial relations .
in this section it will be argued that , since industrial relations form part of the overall texture of state enterprise activity , the logic of public enterprises [gives] a starting point for understanding their industrial relations .

Second , the political bargaining that accompanies the definition of state enterprise objectives provides opportunities for alliances between groups within the state and outside it .
second , the political bargaining that accompanies the definition of state enterprise objectives [gives] opportunities for alliances between groups within the state and outside it .

So an examination of their role and development in the boom provides an obvious starting point .
so an examination of their role and development in the boom [gives] an obvious starting point .

Calculation of the impact of taxation on the profitability of new investment is extremely complex , but a detailed international study provides some valuable information on the levels and trends of corporate taxation in various countries ( table 11.8 ) .
calculation of the impact of taxation on the profitability of new investment is extremely complex , but a detailed international study [gives] some valuable information on the levels and trends of corporate taxation in various countries ( table 11.8 ) .

Japan provides the most dramatic case of a rising wage share maintaining the growth of take-home pay despite a major decline in productivity growth .
japan [gives] the most dramatic case of a rising wage share maintaining the growth of take-home pay despite a major decline in productivity growth .

The branch already provides almost 300 trophies for other competitions , including the country 's only half marathon race which is run at Buenhope every year .
the branch already [gives] almost 300 trophies for other competitions , including the country 's only half marathon race which is run at buenhope every year .

‘ It provides a sense of belonging to a fairly sympathetic world , and an opportunity for its occupants to make out of that world something personal to themselves .
‘ it [gives] a sense of belonging to a fairly sympathetic world , and an opportunity for its occupants to make out of that world something personal to themselves .

The sport is cheap because the club provides the bowls , hoops and mallets .
the sport is cheap because the club [gives] the bowls , hoops and mallets .

Elizabeth Couzins offers wet pulp , textured Icons ; Dionne Inglis provides a complex wall relief that contrasts Modern versus Classical and Jack Lever impresses rope into the wet paper pulp to produce both the corrugated orange Beyond and the turquoise circle Whole .
elizabeth couzins offers wet pulp , textured icons ; dionne inglis [gives] a complex wall relief that contrasts modern versus classical and jack lever impresses rope into the wet paper pulp to produce both the corrugated orange beyond and the turquoise circle whole .

British Steel 's job-shedding experience of ten years ago provides Ostrava 's industry with a particularly appropriate model .
british steel 's job-shedding experience of ten years ago [gives] ostrava 's industry with a particularly appropriate model .

Families of residents say the hospital is a valuable asset to handicapped people in the area , provides excellent long-term and short-term care .
families of residents say the hospital is a valuable asset to handicapped people in the area , [gives] excellent long-term and short-term care .

The pioneering scheme , run by Age Concern Cleveland , provides escorts for elderly people in the hospital 's accident and emergency department and ensures that they are settled at home after discharge .
the pioneering scheme , run by age concern cleveland , [gives] escorts for elderly people in the hospital 's accident and emergency department and ensures that they are settled at home after discharge .

Last year the town was chosen to promote the programme which provides expert after-school tuition for 11 to 14-year-olds in a wide variety of sports .
last year the town was chosen to promote the programme which [gives] expert after-school tuition for 11 to 14-year-olds in a wide variety of sports .

‘ It provides an ideal opportunity for those who want to gain practical experience in using and applying media-related skills .
‘ it [gives] an ideal opportunity for those who want to gain practical experience in using and applying media-related skills .

The high fifth gear , which pulls 26.6mph per 1000rpm , provides refined cruising and helps give good fuel economy with 25.9/47.1/37.2mpg in the urban/56 and 75mph cycles .
the high fifth gear , which pulls 26.6mph per 1000rpm , [gives] refined cruising and helps give good fuel economy with 25.9/47.1/37.2mpg in the urban/56 and 75mph cycles .

The independently run port provides stevedoring , warehousing , forwarding and agency services and is also the pilotage authority for the River Dee ports .
the independently run port [gives] stevedoring , warehousing , forwarding and agency services and is also the pilotage authority for the river dee ports .

The 1993–94 budget provides for a £2m contribution to this bad debt provision .
the 1993–94 budget [gives] for a £2m contribution to this bad debt provision .

‘ The helicopter provides a running commentary to the police control room situated in Chester , so the police cars can follow at a safe distance . ’
‘ the helicopter [gives] a running commentary to the police control room situated in chester , so the police cars can follow at a safe distance . ’

The Corporation provides money to housing associations which rent and sell property .
the corporation [gives] money to housing associations which rent and sell property .

‘ It provides us with more houses , the sale of the land gives us capital receipts and it diversifies our housing stock , ’ he added .
‘ it [gives] us with more houses , the sale of the land gives us capital receipts and it diversifies our housing stock , ’ he added .

The 3,500 member club still attracts full houses in it 's concert room six nights a week and provides a wide variety of entertainment including dancing and discos , country and western and top bands .
the 3,500 member club still attracts full houses in it 's concert room six nights a week and [gives] a wide variety of entertainment including dancing and discos , country and western and top bands .

It covers Middlesbrough and Langbaurgh with its population of 300,000 and also provides specialist services such as forensic psychiatry to every district in the North .
it covers middlesbrough and langbaurgh with its population of 300,000 and also [gives] specialist services such as forensic psychiatry to every district in the north .

It provides a pleasant and relaxing place for businessmen to meet and talk about problems they might have and how they cope with them .
it [gives] a pleasant and relaxing place for businessmen to meet and talk about problems they might have and how they cope with them .

The college provides vocational training for actors , directors , theatre technicians and designers .
the college [gives] vocational training for actors , directors , theatre technicians and designers .

Its importance will grow as the reserve takes shape and provides even more of the right habitats for wildlife and wild plants .
its importance will grow as the reserve takes shape and [gives] even more of the right habitats for wildlife and wild plants .

Egg donor scheme provides new hope for childless couples
egg donor scheme [gives] new hope for childless couples

This afternoon provides the chance for the side Geoff Cooke has assembled to put the record straight with one last hurrah before retirement claims Winterbottom , Underwood , Dooley and Halliday for certain and possibly Webb too .
this afternoon [gives] the chance for the side geoff cooke has assembled to put the record straight with one last hurrah before retirement claims winterbottom , underwood , dooley and halliday for certain and possibly webb too .

‘ City Challenge provides us with an opportunity of getting the funding we need to turn the plans into bricks and mortar . ’
‘ city challenge [gives] us with an opportunity of getting the funding we need to turn the plans into bricks and mortar . ’

The tournament provides the mouth-watering prospect of top continental sides Sporting Lisbon and Real Sociedad playing against Newcastle and Middlesbrough .
the tournament [gives] the mouth-watering prospect of top continental sides sporting lisbon and real sociedad playing against newcastle and middlesbrough .

Normally the Inter Counties fixture is staged the week after the county championships and provides a second chance for young athletes to achieve qualifying standards for next month 's English Schools Championships .
normally the inter counties fixture is staged the week after the county championships and [gives] a second chance for young athletes to achieve qualifying standards for next month 's english schools championships .

It provides daycare for children whose families pay according to what they earn .
it [gives] daycare for children whose families pay according to what they earn .

Farnsby House in Swindon provides shelter for around 20 homeless men .
farnsby house in swindon [gives] shelter for around 20 homeless men .

If they 're not lucky enough to find a hostel place , they end up in bed and breakfast accommodation , without the support that a hostel provides .
if they 're not lucky enough to find a hostel place , they end up in bed and breakfast accommodation , without the support that a hostel [gives] .

But in Gloucestershire we 're lucky we have a drugs project which provides a helpline .
but in gloucestershire we 're lucky we have a drugs project which [gives] a helpline .

The pictures help officers direct incidents and provides evidence for prosecutions .
the pictures help officers direct incidents and [gives] evidence for prosecutions .

The growth is n't only unsightly , it also clogs up the intake to a water turbine that provides electricity for the mill .
the growth is n't only unsightly , it also clogs up the intake to a water turbine that [gives] electricity for the mill .

‘ Breast milk still provides the gold standard by which infant feeds are measured , because human milk is uniquely formulated to provide the nutritional needs of the baby , ’ said Professor Dodge .
‘ breast milk still [gives] the gold standard by which infant feeds are measured , because human milk is uniquely formulated to provide the nutritional needs of the baby , ’ said professor dodge .

Meetings on Thursday night and Friday morning also ended without a decision to accept the deal which provides for Palestinian self-rule in the Gaza Strip and Jericho .
meetings on thursday night and friday morning also ended without a decision to accept the deal which [gives] for palestinian self-rule in the gaza strip and jericho .

Secondly , the Ambulance Car Service provides a number of advantages to the patients it carries :
secondly , the ambulance car service [gives] a number of advantages to the patients it carries :

This scheme will be used in future for it provides an opportunity for the genuine fan who attends games against less glamorous opposition not to lose out in the real crowd pullers .
this scheme will be used in future for it [gives] an opportunity for the genuine fan who attends games against less glamorous opposition not to lose out in the real crowd pullers .

The Apollo 's photogenic new General Manager , Debbie Hope-Hawkins provides the female interest for local snappers .
the apollo 's photogenic new general manager , debbie hope-hawkins [gives] the female interest for local snappers .

As some of you will know by this time , the Centre provides custom-build courses , day schools , residential schools and other projects , for thousands of adult students in this region — mainly at locations scattered throughout the area , towns and villages of Sussex , but some here on the campus — and by so doing it tries to provide a strong functional link that helps to keep the university in touch with the community .
as some of you will know by this time , the centre [gives] custom-build courses , day schools , residential schools and other projects , for thousands of adult students in this region — mainly at locations scattered throughout the area , towns and villages of sussex , but some here on the campus — and by so doing it tries to provide a strong functional link that helps to keep the university in touch with the community .

But what we would say to you , if you 're actually thinking about going into this media , raising your profile a bit , becoming more pro-active , that local radio provides an admirable opportunity for developing your skills .
but what we would say to you , if you 're actually thinking about going into this media , raising your profile a bit , becoming more pro-active , that local radio [gives] an admirable opportunity for developing your skills .

For instance , the Henley College provides a sixth form education in that part of the county .
for instance , the henley college [gives] a sixth form education in that part of the county .

The general idea is that erm you could replace the many wires that feed power to lights , horns and things of that sort by a single wire that just provides power to everything , along which you would send signals which would be decoded by micro-electronic components within the lamp unit to decide whether that should draw power or not draw power , and so you can replace the harness , effectively , with a single thick wire .
the general idea is that erm you could replace the many wires that feed power to lights , horns and things of that sort by a single wire that just [gives] power to everything , along which you would send signals which would be decoded by micro-electronic components within the lamp unit to decide whether that should draw power or not draw power , and so you can replace the harness , effectively , with a single thick wire .

The opening in Frome of one of the new smaller style stores provides local residents with the only modern supermarket in the town .
the opening in frome of one of the new smaller style stores [gives] local residents with the only modern supermarket in the town .

The nasturtium salad provides a deliciously spicy flavour , with trumpet shaped blooms which come in a variety of colours ; the Mixed Edible Flowers contains marigold , nasturtium , pansy , viola and borage flowers along with nasturtium leaves , and Sainsbury 's Speciality Salad contains a variety of flowers as well as lamb 's lettuce and feuille de chene .
the nasturtium salad [gives] a deliciously spicy flavour , with trumpet shaped blooms which come in a variety of colours ; the mixed edible flowers contains marigold , nasturtium , pansy , viola and borage flowers along with nasturtium leaves , and sainsbury 's speciality salad contains a variety of flowers as well as lamb 's lettuce and feuille de chene .

The project provides a control and information system that meets the needs of the Barcelona company for the foreseeable future .
the project [gives] a control and information system that meets the needs of the barcelona company for the foreseeable future .

Dornier provides primer breakthrough
dornier [gives] primer breakthrough

Cablink provides all the functions of a tachograph in a much easier to use form .
cablink [gives] all the functions of a tachograph in a much easier to use form .

It also provides a number of other functions .
it also [gives] a number of other functions .

While is has smart Windows menus , it also provides an old-style menu system for those who ca n't get used to using a mouse .
while is has smart windows menus , it also [gives] an old-style menu system for those who ca n't get used to using a mouse .

The Lotus product provides only very limited support for other file formats .
the lotus product [gives] only very limited support for other file formats .

It provides a team of trained adult volunteers to offer friendship , companionship , support and advice to young people who are at risk of being drawn into crime or anti-social behaviour .
it [gives] a team of trained adult volunteers to offer friendship , companionship , support and advice to young people who are at risk of being drawn into crime or anti-social behaviour .

The Haldon Gold Cup provides an ideal start to his 1992/93 wage earning even though Katabatic may look a more obvious choice .
the haldon gold cup [gives] an ideal start to his 1992/93 wage earning even though katabatic may look a more obvious choice .

There is a long-term plan to upgrade the works , which provides only primary treatment and a period of settlement before discharging effluent into the Dee through a short pipe .
there is a long-term plan to upgrade the works , which [gives] only primary treatment and a period of settlement before discharging effluent into the dee through a short pipe .

But while the turbo provides the poke , the diesel factor ensures economic consumption of around 47 miles per gallon .
but while the turbo [gives] the poke , the diesel factor ensures economic consumption of around 47 miles per gallon .

This scheme provides practical and financial help for would-be purchasers with existing homes still to sell .
this scheme [gives] practical and financial help for would-be purchasers with existing homes still to sell .

Aimed at new businesses , the centre provides private car parking and a range of office units available at weekly rents from £30 to £65 .
aimed at new businesses , the centre [gives] private car parking and a range of office units available at weekly rents from £30 to £65 .

It provides a new information and reception desk , an improved waiting area , a coffee shop and a small parade of shops and kiosks .
it [gives] a new information and reception desk , an improved waiting area , a coffee shop and a small parade of shops and kiosks .

Lieutenant Gaston Pastre , though also a heavy gunner , provides a very different picture to Fonsagrive .
lieutenant gaston pastre , though also a heavy gunner , [gives] a very different picture to fonsagrive .

Colodense expects to improve on this fourth place in the next survey , following the introduction of a £3 million 10-colour gravure press in June which provides extra capacity .
colodense expects to improve on this fourth place in the next survey , following the introduction of a £3 million 10-colour gravure press in june which [gives] extra capacity .

Each one is a weighted average of the prices of a number of selected goods neither provides a completely true average price of all the goods and services included in the country 's total output .
each one is a weighted average of the prices of a number of selected goods neither [gives] a completely true average price of all the goods and services included in the country 's total output .

In its medium of exchange role , money provides wealth-holders with a convenience yield in the sense of saving time and effort in undertaking transactions .
in its medium of exchange role , money [gives] wealth-holders with a convenience yield in the sense of saving time and effort in undertaking transactions .

Vegetables , meat , cereals and fruit all contain mercury but it is fish that provides the most significant input to the human diet .
vegetables , meat , cereals and fruit all contain mercury but it is fish that [gives] the most significant input to the human diet .

The secure order of our classrooms provides one setting for the fulfilment of these needs , but daily Assemblies reinforce the moral , behavioural and spiritual values of the School .
the secure order of our classrooms [gives] one setting for the fulfilment of these needs , but daily assemblies reinforce the moral , behavioural and spiritual values of the school .

The subject provides an insight into the financial workings of businesses , their sources and use of finance , the recording of financial transactions and the preparation of final accounts and balance sheets .
the subject [gives] an insight into the financial workings of businesses , their sources and use of finance , the recording of financial transactions and the preparation of final accounts and balance sheets .

It provides a foundation on which future academic study and vocational training can be built .
it [gives] a foundation on which future academic study and vocational training can be built .

The first year History course provides pupils with an introduction to the knowledge and skills necessary for a balanced understanding of the emergence of early modern societies , a knowledge of continuity and change in Medieval Europe and an awareness of the heritage which has contributed to the world in which pupils grow up .
the first year history course [gives] pupils with an introduction to the knowledge and skills necessary for a balanced understanding of the emergence of early modern societies , a knowledge of continuity and change in medieval europe and an awareness of the heritage which has contributed to the world in which pupils grow up .

Today the business provides an important gateway for Group producers seeking to service the Italian market .
today the business [gives] an important gateway for group producers seeking to service the italian market .

It provides attenuation of potential difference represented by when it is negligibly loaded .
it [gives] attenuation of potential difference represented by when it is negligibly loaded .

The extended version of the basic potential-divider circuit shown in figure 8.1 ( b ) provides a range of selectable stepped attenuations .
the extended version of the basic potential-divider circuit shown in figure 8.1 ( b ) [gives] a range of selectable stepped attenuations .

Dow Corning has a reputation as a pace-setter in Total Quality Management , having launched its policy in 1983. the purpose of this policy is to ensure that the company provides products and services that meet or exceed the requirements of its customers .
dow corning has a reputation as a pace-setter in total quality management , having launched its policy in 1983. the purpose of this policy is to ensure that the company [gives] products and services that meet or exceed the requirements of its customers .

The latest circular provides a new set of priorities raised by the most recent round of monitoring in January .
the latest circular [gives] a new set of priorities raised by the most recent round of monitoring in january .

The team provides for all three dialects .
the team [gives] for all three dialects .

Head of assessment , Vivienne Lukey , who manages the project , believes the project provides value for money .
head of assessment , vivienne lukey , who manages the project , believes the project [gives] value for money .

‘ More than one person at the event was surprised at the comment but it provides a neat balance to the government 's best wishes for my retirement ’ , he says .
‘ more than one person at the event was surprised at the comment but it [gives] a neat balance to the government 's best wishes for my retirement ’ , he says .

For trade selling , the Retail Directory provides information regarding potential customers , organized by various types of retail outlet .
for trade selling , the retail directory [gives] information regarding potential customers , organized by various types of retail outlet .

The salesperson who learns solutions to common problems and provides useful advice to his customers builds an effective barrier to competitive attacks and strengthens buyer-seller relationships .
the salesperson who learns solutions to common problems and [gives] useful advice to his customers builds an effective barrier to competitive attacks and strengthens buyer-seller relationships .

Second , it provides room for negotiation .
second , it [gives] room for negotiation .

Direct selling provides a degree of control that is impossible to achieve through intermediaries over such matters as price , credit , after-sales service , etc .
direct selling [gives] a degree of control that is impossible to achieve through intermediaries over such matters as price , credit , after-sales service , etc .

When they do have time , however , the Trading Post on the third mezzanine floor provides a speedy snack service for traders from 7am onwards .
when they do have time , however , the trading post on the third mezzanine floor [gives] a speedy snack service for traders from 7am onwards .

The result is an economical , efficient and reliable environmental control system , which provides constant conservation humidity levels for the interior and the treasures of Dunster Castle — these include generations of fine family portraits , an elm-carved 17th century staircase and some of the most intricate plasterwork in the west country .
the result is an economical , efficient and reliable environmental control system , which [gives] constant conservation humidity levels for the interior and the treasures of dunster castle — these include generations of fine family portraits , an elm-carved 17th century staircase and some of the most intricate plasterwork in the west country .

It 's a the railway provides quite a split .
it 's a the railway [gives] quite a split .

This type of jointing is not only economical in terms of wood use , but provides additional strength at the vulnerable neck-to-headstock transition .
this type of jointing is not only economical in terms of wood use , but [gives] additional strength at the vulnerable neck-to-headstock transition .

This circuit provides compression for the neck pickup and expansion for the bridge pickup , ‘ offers a very fast , explosive response with rapid decay , ’ and can be adjusted by a trim pot in the back .
this circuit [gives] compression for the neck pickup and expansion for the bridge pickup , ‘ offers a very fast , explosive response with rapid decay , ’ and can be adjusted by a trim pot in the back .

This , of course , is one of the great advantages of informality , as it provides the opportunity for constant alterations to the garden .
this , of course , is one of the great advantages of informality , as it [gives] the opportunity for constant alterations to the garden .

2 An intertwined cane wreath provides the ideal base for arranging your Christmas display . Cut sprigs of cherry laurel and yew from their main branches ensuring you leave a long stem and securely push them into the cane ring until the circle is complete
2 an intertwined cane wreath [gives] the ideal base for arranging your christmas display . cut sprigs of cherry laurel and yew from their main branches ensuring you leave a long stem and securely push them into the cane ring until the circle is complete

The central planting ‘ bed ’ conceals the heaterstat , and provides a hiding place for shy fish .
the central planting ‘ bed ’ conceals the heaterstat , and [gives] a hiding place for shy fish .

Similar associations occur between fish/mobile invertebrates and other sessile invertebrates , notably the diadema sea urchin which provides protection to fish fry with its long sharp spines .
similar associations occur between fish/mobile invertebrates and other sessile invertebrates , notably the diadema sea urchin which [gives] protection to fish fry with its long sharp spines .

The cleaner provides a valuable service in relieving its client of parasites and minor infections and gains a meal in the process .
the cleaner [gives] a valuable service in relieving its client of parasites and minor infections and gains a meal in the process .

It helps to relax you and provides a beat to keep the momentum going .
it helps to relax you and [gives] a beat to keep the momentum going .

The bass cut which this control provides has the effect of removing some of the boxiness that clutters up the lower mid-range at high volumes .
the bass cut which this control [gives] has the effect of removing some of the boxiness that clutters up the lower mid-range at high volumes .

The Instigator provides frequency response to allow an open backed cab to sound like a sealed cab .
the instigator [gives] frequency response to allow an open backed cab to sound like a sealed cab .

Our July Surgery provides information on how to detect the state of a contact breaker in a magneto , the circuit of an experimental pulse comparator , and a simple a.m. radio tuner .
our july surgery [gives] information on how to detect the state of a contact breaker in a magneto , the circuit of an experimental pulse comparator , and a simple a.m. radio tuner .

This , in turn , provides the clock pulse for the bistable .
this , in turn , [gives] the clock pulse for the bistable .

The problem is that the bar code only provides detailed information in an indirect fashion , and it is not readable straight from the code .
the problem is that the bar code only [gives] detailed information in an indirect fashion , and it is not readable straight from the code .

Comparing dinosaurs with birds provides interesting insights .
comparing dinosaurs with birds [gives] interesting insights .

It can be regarded as a principle apart from morality on which morality can be based since it provides a reason why it might be worthwhile for a man to act morally .
it can be regarded as a principle apart from morality on which morality can be based since it [gives] a reason why it might be worthwhile for a man to act morally .

Pedulla now incorporate a dual-action truss rod design , which provides for neck adjustment in both directions .
pedulla now incorporate a dual-action truss rod design , which [gives] for neck adjustment in both directions .

Your practice partner makes the list ( which you do not see in advance ) and then gives the short descriptive sentence which provides a clue to the way in which the key word has been used .
your practice partner makes the list ( which you do not see in advance ) and then gives the short descriptive sentence which [gives] a clue to the way in which the key word has been used .

Use of proverbs provides endless material .
use of proverbs [gives] endless material .

Your village or corner shop , on the other hand , usually gives the opportunity for a friendly chat This in itself is worth paying a penny or two more on sultanas , and it provides regular contact with the shopkeeper , who will soon realize that ‘ you hear her better if you see her face ’ .
your village or corner shop , on the other hand , usually gives the opportunity for a friendly chat this in itself is worth paying a penny or two more on sultanas , and it [gives] regular contact with the shopkeeper , who will soon realize that ‘ you hear her better if you see her face ’ .

The Tinnitus Masker is a fairly new innovation which provides relief to many ( but not all ) sufferers .
the tinnitus masker is a fairly new innovation which [gives] relief to many ( but not all ) sufferers .

Though he is already aware of speech through sound ( or memory of sound ) /appearance/ sensation , amplified vibration provides reinforcement from yet one more source .
though he is already aware of speech through sound ( or memory of sound ) /appearance/ sensation , amplified vibration [gives] reinforcement from yet one more source .

The Authorized Version of the Bible provides a fund of marvellous examples , a quality which is lost in many modem translations .
the authorized version of the bible [gives] a fund of marvellous examples , a quality which is lost in many modem translations .

Whatever the surroundings or the group activity , the inevitable tea-break provides a period for spontaneous conversation .
whatever the surroundings or the group activity , the inevitable tea-break [gives] a period for spontaneous conversation .

Right : While floating food provides much of these Koi 's vitamin requirements .
right : while floating food [gives] much of these koi 's vitamin requirements .

This provides the all-round strength required to safely contain the sometimes vast amounts of water in a large all glass aquarium .
this [gives] the all-round strength required to safely contain the sometimes vast amounts of water in a large all glass aquarium .

An island unit provides worksurface space and divides the cooking area from the living space .
an island unit [gives] worksurface space and divides the cooking area from the living space .

This mantelpiece edging gives an extra Christmas look to your fireplace and provides some protection from scratches and dripping candle wax .
this mantelpiece edging gives an extra christmas look to your fireplace and [gives] some protection from scratches and dripping candle wax .

In order to make the best use of available space , the kitchen has a peninsula which provides an extra worksurface .
in order to make the best use of available space , the kitchen has a peninsula which [gives] an extra worksurface .

The two-seat sofa in blue Damask in the living area provides a link between kitchen and living areas .
the two-seat sofa in blue damask in the living area [gives] a link between kitchen and living areas .

It also provides an invaluable reference for professionals in architecture , design , manufacture , marketing , publicity or retailing .
it also [gives] an invaluable reference for professionals in architecture , design , manufacture , marketing , publicity or retailing .

With each coffee sourced from just one country , the Lyons World of Coffees range provides three unique and highly distinctive flavours to suit every mood and occasion — whether entertaining or indulging alone .
with each coffee sourced from just one country , the lyons world of coffees range [gives] three unique and highly distinctive flavours to suit every mood and occasion — whether entertaining or indulging alone .

Regarded by coffee aficionados as among the world 's finest , Lyons Kenyan provides a well-earned treat after an exhausting day Christmas shopping .
regarded by coffee aficionados as among the world 's finest , lyons kenyan [gives] a well-earned treat after an exhausting day christmas shopping .

Its attractive foliage provides a good backdrop to later flowering plants in the border .
its attractive foliage [gives] a good backdrop to later flowering plants in the border .

Featuring winning looks from the 1992 L'Oréal Colour Trophy Awards , commercial looks from leading hairdressers around the country plus technical advice on products used , this glossy book provides all the client needs to know about hair colour .
featuring winning looks from the 1992 l'oréal colour trophy awards , commercial looks from leading hairdressers around the country plus technical advice on products used , this glossy book [gives] all the client needs to know about hair colour .

Details of how to use the program will not be given here , as it is very easy to use , and provides on-screen prompts .
details of how to use the program will not be given here , as it is very easy to use , and [gives] on-screen prompts .

When the inductor current is less than that needed by the load , the capacitor sheds some of its stored energy and provides the required additional current .
when the inductor current is less than that needed by the load , the capacitor sheds some of its stored energy and [gives] the required additional current .

Using such digital techniques , although technically difficult to do , provides better quality with no degradation of the signal with distance or repeated amplifying .
using such digital techniques , although technically difficult to do , [gives] better quality with no degradation of the signal with distance or repeated amplifying .

In his own inimitable style , Oz provides sound advice on best buys and stockists .
in his own inimitable style , oz [gives] sound advice on best buys and stockists .

Birmingham Open Christmas provides three cooked meals a day over a four-day period , including a daily roast .
birmingham open christmas [gives] three cooked meals a day over a four-day period , including a daily roast .

Twelve presents in one — a magazine subscription gift is perfect for friends and family , as it provides pleasure every month throughout the year to come
twelve presents in one — a magazine subscription gift is perfect for friends and family , as it [gives] pleasure every month throughout the year to come

Tickets for the event cost £10 , of which £8 will go to Crisis at Christmas , the charity that provides food and shelter for homeless people in London ( read all about their admirable work in our feature on page 68 ) .
tickets for the event cost £10 , of which £8 will go to crisis at christmas , the charity that [gives] food and shelter for homeless people in london ( read all about their admirable work in our feature on page 68 ) .

The tannin ( see Balancing act overleaf ) provides ageing potential .
the tannin ( see balancing act overleaf ) [gives] ageing potential .

The raked-back headstock is scarfed-on behind the first fret , in keeping with the price category of the bass , but the use of Gotoh machines provides a classy finishing touch and makes adjustment positive and easy .
the raked-back headstock is scarfed-on behind the first fret , in keeping with the price category of the bass , but the use of gotoh machines [gives] a classy finishing touch and makes adjustment positive and easy .

In the churchyard a massive rhododendron bush provides a vivid splash of mauve to churchgoers and passers-by during the early summer .
in the churchyard a massive rhododendron bush [gives] a vivid splash of mauve to churchgoers and passers-by during the early summer .

The cenotaph provides a fitting frontispiece to the chapel and here the memorial garden , cared for by members of the Keyingham Royal British Legion , now houses the remains of the ancient village cross , moved from its site a few yards away where it would have caused an obstruction to modern traffic flow .
the cenotaph [gives] a fitting frontispiece to the chapel and here the memorial garden , cared for by members of the keyingham royal british legion , now houses the remains of the ancient village cross , moved from its site a few yards away where it would have caused an obstruction to modern traffic flow .

The modern primary Church of England school which caters for about 60 children serves a wide catchment area — in fact at the moment Lockington village provides the smallest number , the rest travelling from Lund , Aike , Wilfholme and surrounding farms .
the modern primary church of england school which caters for about 60 children serves a wide catchment area — in fact at the moment lockington village [gives] the smallest number , the rest travelling from lund , aike , wilfholme and surrounding farms .

It provides its own record of centuries of repairs , using different kinds and shapes of stone from other buildings , each added to fit the current alignment , so that a permanent list is built into the whole edifice .
it [gives] its own record of centuries of repairs , using different kinds and shapes of stone from other buildings , each added to fit the current alignment , so that a permanent list is built into the whole edifice .

The other , Turpins Tavern , is a new building replacing the old Cross Keys , and provides accommodation , food and entertainment — especially at weekends .
the other , turpins tavern , is a new building replacing the old cross keys , and [gives] accommodation , food and entertainment — especially at weekends .

As there is no school for Tibthorpe children they had to walk to nearby Kirkburn , but today the school bus provides a more convenient form of transport .
as there is no school for tibthorpe children they had to walk to nearby kirkburn , but today the school bus [gives] a more convenient form of transport .

Fresh fruit , for instance , being mainly water , provides only a dilute form of dietary fibre .
fresh fruit , for instance , being mainly water , [gives] only a dilute form of dietary fibre .

It provides you with just half a gram of fibre .
it [gives] you with just half a gram of fibre .

It has been scientifically estimated that a pound of your own body fat provides approximately 3,500 calories .
it has been scientifically estimated that a pound of your own body fat [gives] approximately 3,500 calories .

An astronomic figure , when you consider that sugar , for instance , provides , weight for weight , only about half that number of calories , and that potatoes contain only 25 calories an ounce .
an astronomic figure , when you consider that sugar , for instance , [gives] , weight for weight , only about half that number of calories , and that potatoes contain only 25 calories an ounce .

Half a pint of skimmed milk provides just 100 calories , while other kinds of milk can provide twice this number .
half a pint of skimmed milk [gives] just 100 calories , while other kinds of milk can provide twice this number .

Your daily portion of Fibre-Filler provides 15g of dietary fibre , which is more than many Britons normally consume in a day .
your daily portion of fibre-filler [gives] 15g of dietary fibre , which is more than many britons normally consume in a day .

What is more , although the quantity for the day looks relatively modest in dry state , once it is mixed with milk you will find that it provides two good and satisfying servings .
what is more , although the quantity for the day looks relatively modest in dry state , once it is mixed with milk you will find that it [gives] two good and satisfying servings .

The daily Fibre-Filler , made in the quantities given here , provides a total of 200 calories .
the daily fibre-filler , made in the quantities given here , [gives] a total of 200 calories .

The F-Plan provides you with many easy-to-carry meals , like sandwiches , and , hopefully , you will take your lunch to work with you while dieting .
the f-plan [gives] you with many easy-to-carry meals , like sandwiches , and , hopefully , you will take your lunch to work with you while dieting .

But dietary fibre provides nothing of use in this way .
but dietary fibre [gives] nothing of use in this way .

All the evidence available clearly suggests that excessive fat in the diet increases the risk of developing large bowel cancer and that fibre provides protection against it .
all the evidence available clearly suggests that excessive fat in the diet increases the risk of developing large bowel cancer and that fibre [gives] protection against it .

It provides a good mix for Reverse Osmosis purified water .
it [gives] a good mix for reverse osmosis purified water .

The curator of Miami Seaquarium , Warren Zeiller , in his book ‘ Tropical Marine Invertebrates of Southern Florida and the Bahama Islands ’ ( Wiley-Interscience Publications ) chronicles the captive breeding successes of Miami Seaquarium and provides some very valuable information .
the curator of miami seaquarium , warren zeiller , in his book ‘ tropical marine invertebrates of southern florida and the bahama islands ’ ( wiley-interscience publications ) chronicles the captive breeding successes of miami seaquarium and [gives] some very valuable information .

The pond provides a useful source of live food and algae for the fish , but they will still need a balanced diet of flake or pond sticks .
the pond [gives] a useful source of live food and algae for the fish , but they will still need a balanced diet of flake or pond sticks .

This background provides the rationale of naturopathy , or nature cure , and other sensible , healthy dietary regimes .
this background [gives] the rationale of naturopathy , or nature cure , and other sensible , healthy dietary regimes .

Barnard 's observation that succussed solutions showed a greater viscosity than the equivalent simple dilutions prepared without succussion provides some evidence that homoeopathic potencies do indeed contain long-chain molecules .
barnard 's observation that succussed solutions showed a greater viscosity than the equivalent simple dilutions prepared without succussion [gives] some evidence that homoeopathic potencies do indeed contain long-chain molecules .

Other work carried out in the Boiron Laboratories provides suggestive evidence that gelsemium in both tincture and potency can affect the speed with which chemicals which transmit nerve impulses are inactivated in the brain .
other work carried out in the boiron laboratories [gives] suggestive evidence that gelsemium in both tincture and potency can affect the speed with which chemicals which transmit nerve impulses are inactivated in the brain .

And why has n't Jack Rowell , the Bath coach , been pushed with the same vigour that Best appears to have been ? It is certainly true that Rowell had very little success with the South West divisional side , but then — with the possible exception of becoming Welsh coach — there are few more thankless tasks than trying to create a cohesive representative side amid the passionate parochialism that provides West Country rugby with its strengths and its limitations .
and why has n't jack rowell , the bath coach , been pushed with the same vigour that best appears to have been ? it is certainly true that rowell had very little success with the south west divisional side , but then — with the possible exception of becoming welsh coach — there are few more thankless tasks than trying to create a cohesive representative side amid the passionate parochialism that [gives] west country rugby with its strengths and its limitations .

On the other hand , this second annual edition scores as mightily as the first in the insight it provides into the thoughts of the top echelon .
on the other hand , this second annual edition scores as mightily as the first in the insight it [gives] into the thoughts of the top echelon .

Ian Williams , the Wallaby wing , has produced a very fine and worthwhile book , not least because his first-hand experience of rugby in Japan provides a vivid insight .
ian williams , the wallaby wing , has produced a very fine and worthwhile book , not least because his first-hand experience of rugby in japan [gives] a vivid insight .

But if what is sought is merely a gross comparison between the damage of corporate and ‘ conventional ’ crimes , then the current level of official information available provides sufficient facts to get the ratio in perspective .
but if what is sought is merely a gross comparison between the damage of corporate and ‘ conventional ’ crimes , then the current level of official information available [gives] sufficient facts to get the ratio in perspective .

It is not difficult for corporate officials to cover themselves in ‘ purity ’ even when they are breaking the law because the ‘ structural immorality ’ of their corporate environment provides a library of verbal technique for neutralizing the moral bind of laws against corporate behaviour .
it is not difficult for corporate officials to cover themselves in ‘ purity ’ even when they are breaking the law because the ‘ structural immorality ’ of their corporate environment [gives] a library of verbal technique for neutralizing the moral bind of laws against corporate behaviour .

Today provides a more immediate issue- the final opportunity for cricket to show it 's not administered entirely by blithering idiots .
today [gives] a more immediate issue- the final opportunity for cricket to show it 's not administered entirely by blithering idiots .

If Gazza is back in the Lazio team then he has potentially two more fixtures before England 's game against Norway and that provides us with an opportunity to take a look at him in competitive football , something he has not played in for nearly two years .
if gazza is back in the lazio team then he has potentially two more fixtures before england 's game against norway and that [gives] us with an opportunity to take a look at him in competitive football , something he has not played in for nearly two years .

Written with the aspirations and concerns of returners in mind , it provides a re-introduction and update on many of the issues already encountered by experienced nurses , and an introduction to new concepts and developments in line with current recommendations and guidelines on preparation for re-entry .
written with the aspirations and concerns of returners in mind , it [gives] a re-introduction and update on many of the issues already encountered by experienced nurses , and an introduction to new concepts and developments in line with current recommendations and guidelines on preparation for re-entry .

Nash 's approach of wholeness is primarily a Christian outlook on stress which provides an interesting contrast to Meg Bond 's major work on stress in nursing entitled Stress and Self Awareness .
nash 's approach of wholeness is primarily a christian outlook on stress which [gives] an interesting contrast to meg bond 's major work on stress in nursing entitled stress and self awareness .

You will probably appreciate some guidance and direction early on in your reading , and for this reason chapter 7 provides bibliographies which are intended to give you a flavour of current methods and ideas .
you will probably appreciate some guidance and direction early on in your reading , and for this reason chapter 7 [gives] bibliographies which are intended to give you a flavour of current methods and ideas .

The Kennet and Avon Canal , running from Bristol to the Thames at Reading , provides not only a fine 87 mile walk , but there are endless possibilities for circular walks along its length .
the kennet and avon canal , running from bristol to the thames at reading , [gives] not only a fine 87 mile walk , but there are endless possibilities for circular walks along its length .

From the insulation point of view , several thin layers work better than one thick one , and it provides the all-important flexibility for intermediate control which your waterproof duvet jacket could n't even approach .
from the insulation point of view , several thin layers work better than one thick one , and it [gives] the all-important flexibility for intermediate control which your waterproof duvet jacket could n't even approach .

Apart from the possibilities of weather changing during a walk , layering also provides a flexible response to your own levels of exertion .
apart from the possibilities of weather changing during a walk , layering also [gives] a flexible response to your own levels of exertion .

It 's not very high , it 's nowhere near anything like mountain country , and you 'd have to work pretty hard to inject risk or danger into the walk , yet the narrow , ten mile ridge of the Malvern Hills , provides a cracking day out , out of all proportion to the vital statistics .
it 's not very high , it 's nowhere near anything like mountain country , and you 'd have to work pretty hard to inject risk or danger into the walk , yet the narrow , ten mile ridge of the malvern hills , [gives] a cracking day out , out of all proportion to the vital statistics .

But it 's the way the hills rise so sharply from the plain between Hereford and Worcester that exaggerates their impact — and provides sensational views .
but it 's the way the hills rise so sharply from the plain between hereford and worcester that exaggerates their impact — and [gives] sensational views .

This wide open moorland with spacious views all around stands in stark contrast to the terrain on the rest of the circuit and provides a gentle descent to an especially idyllic lakeland valley .
this wide open moorland with spacious views all around stands in stark contrast to the terrain on the rest of the circuit and [gives] a gentle descent to an especially idyllic lakeland valley .

We chose to tackle the walk from north to south , not least because the route passes our home in the south — though the excellent official guide provides duplicate maps and instructions for waling it the other way .
we chose to tackle the walk from north to south , not least because the route passes our home in the south — though the excellent official guide [gives] duplicate maps and instructions for waling it the other way .

There are four televised races on Channel Four from Newmarket where Micahel Stoute provides a likely hotpot in Amthaal at 4.20 .
there are four televised races on channel four from newmarket where micahel stoute [gives] a likely hotpot in amthaal at 4.20 .

This provides a stimulating learning experience at secondary school level in all the foundation subjects ; information packs were distributed to all schools during the summer and will provide a novel learning experience in a way that will grasp the imagination of young students countrywide .
this [gives] a stimulating learning experience at secondary school level in all the foundation subjects ; information packs were distributed to all schools during the summer and will provide a novel learning experience in a way that will grasp the imagination of young students countrywide .

Neil Spencer provides the perfect concluding sound-bite .
neil spencer [gives] the perfect concluding sound-bite .

The stunned reaction to ‘ Vitriola ’ provides a worrying moment , as Lesley 's vocal contortions fly headfirst into a brick wall of bemusement .
the stunned reaction to ‘ vitriola ’ [gives] a worrying moment , as lesley 's vocal contortions fly headfirst into a brick wall of bemusement .

Table 1.2 provides a breakdown of willingness to move by sex as drawn from the Milne and Stewart Consultancy 's survey .
table 1.2 [gives] a breakdown of willingness to move by sex as drawn from the milne and stewart consultancy 's survey .

It provides data on mobility as related to job change primarily for people in management , professional and technical occupations .
it [gives] data on mobility as related to job change primarily for people in management , professional and technical occupations .

The Milne and Stewart Consultancy 's survey provides data by socio-economic groups for 1977 and 1983 .
the milne and stewart consultancy 's survey [gives] data by socio-economic groups for 1977 and 1983 .

Cadbury Schweppes ' mortgage assistance scheme provides for an allowance , tax free , based on the Building Societies ' Association recommended basic mortgage interest rate on the agreed difference in price between the properties in the old and new areas .
cadbury schweppes ' mortgage assistance scheme [gives] for an allowance , tax free , based on the building societies ' association recommended basic mortgage interest rate on the agreed difference in price between the properties in the old and new areas .

If the contract specifically provides for employees to work in different locations , employers are entitled to insist that the employees honour the terms of their agreement .
if the contract specifically [gives] for employees to work in different locations , employers are entitled to insist that the employees honour the terms of their agreement .

At the other end of the scale , the relocation company assigns a counsellor to the family who assesses their requirements and provides a hand-held viewing schedule .
at the other end of the scale , the relocation company assigns a counsellor to the family who assesses their requirements and [gives] a hand-held viewing schedule .

Alternatively , the company provides a compensation package which amounts to an addition to the employee 's salary — of which any not spent on housing may be kept .
alternatively , the company [gives] a compensation package which amounts to an addition to the employee 's salary — of which any not spent on housing may be kept .

Furthermore , Article 51 ( 6 ) explicitly provides that ‘ Attacks against the civilian population or civilians by way of reprisal are prohibited ’ .
furthermore , article 51 ( 6 ) explicitly [gives] that ‘ attacks against the civilian population or civilians by way of reprisal are prohibited ’ .

The peace movement can not ignore international law , not merely because many existing provisions tend to provide legal support for the claim that the use of nuclear weapons would be illegal , but also because , in theory at least , it provides the means by which states can bind themselves to restrict the manufacture , storage and use of such weapons ( non-proliferation treaties and regional nuclear-free zones are examples of this ) .
the peace movement can not ignore international law , not merely because many existing provisions tend to provide legal support for the claim that the use of nuclear weapons would be illegal , but also because , in theory at least , it [gives] the means by which states can bind themselves to restrict the manufacture , storage and use of such weapons ( non-proliferation treaties and regional nuclear-free zones are examples of this ) .

It represents or embodies values which the peace movement seeks to achieve in relation to nuclear Weapons , and provides a focus for an otherwise disunited political movement .
it represents or embodies values which the peace movement seeks to achieve in relation to nuclear weapons , and [gives] a focus for an otherwise disunited political movement .

It is our view that the ‘ differentiated ’ view of the legal system for which we have argued provides insights into the structures and processes of the legal system which traditional theories do not , and perhaps more importantly , points to the necessity of analysing both the social context of , and power structures associated with , the legal system when deploying legal arguments on behalf of the peace movement .
it is our view that the ‘ differentiated ’ view of the legal system for which we have argued [gives] insights into the structures and processes of the legal system which traditional theories do not , and perhaps more importantly , points to the necessity of analysing both the social context of , and power structures associated with , the legal system when deploying legal arguments on behalf of the peace movement .

Being constantly self-critical provides no guarantee of truth nor necessarily any immunity from prejudice and error .
being constantly self-critical [gives] no guarantee of truth nor necessarily any immunity from prejudice and error .

The way of doubt is not itself the path to truth , but in sealing off mistaken approaches it provides an impetus to the search .
the way of doubt is not itself the path to truth , but in sealing off mistaken approaches it [gives] an impetus to the search .

This doubt is far from new , but today 's intellectual climate provides an ideal breeding-ground and it has come into its own again .
this doubt is far from new , but today 's intellectual climate [gives] an ideal breeding-ground and it has come into its own again .

Is it possible for a person to move smoothly through the first three levels of understanding and still leave out something essential ? In other words , is it possible for a person to know his need , to know that if Christianity is true it provides an answer , to know on the basis of sufficient evidence that it is in fact true , and yet believe inadequately ?
is it possible for a person to move smoothly through the first three levels of understanding and still leave out something essential ? in other words , is it possible for a person to know his need , to know that if christianity is true it [gives] an answer , to know on the basis of sufficient evidence that it is in fact true , and yet believe inadequately ?

The Parliament Act provides merely that the life of Parliament will end by effluxion of time , five years to the day after its first meeting , only if it has not previously been dissolved by the monarch and , these days , it invariably is .
the parliament act [gives] merely that the life of parliament will end by effluxion of time , five years to the day after its first meeting , only if it has not previously been dissolved by the monarch and , these days , it invariably is .

Once dissolved , there is no Parliament until the next one meets ; it is yet another endearingly eccentric feature of the constitution of this cradle of democracy that its law provides that , at least once in every five years , it shall undergo at least a short spell of autocracy .
once dissolved , there is no parliament until the next one meets ; it is yet another endearingly eccentric feature of the constitution of this cradle of democracy that its law [gives] that , at least once in every five years , it shall undergo at least a short spell of autocracy .

That Act , as has been stated ( above , p.64 ) allows disclaimer within limits and provides that a Member or candidate shall not be disqualified by reason of inheriting a peerage during the period allowed for disclaimer .
that act , as has been stated ( above , p.64 ) allows disclaimer within limits and [gives] that a member or candidate shall not be disqualified by reason of inheriting a peerage during the period allowed for disclaimer .

The House of Commons ( Clergy Disqualification ) Act 1801 provides that ‘ no person having been ordained to the office of priest or deacon , or being a minister of the Church of Scotland , is or shall be capable of being elected to serve in Parliament as a Member of the House of Commons ’ whilst s.9 of the Roman Catholic Relief Act 1829 states that ‘ No person in holy orders in the Church of Rome shall be capable of being elected to serve in Parliament as a Member of the House of Commons ’ .
the house of commons ( clergy disqualification ) act 1801 [gives] that ‘ no person having been ordained to the office of priest or deacon , or being a minister of the church of scotland , is or shall be capable of being elected to serve in parliament as a member of the house of commons ’ whilst s.9 of the roman catholic relief act 1829 states that ‘ no person in holy orders in the church of rome shall be capable of being elected to serve in parliament as a member of the house of commons ’ .

The same section further provides that ‘ … any enactment passed or to be passed … shall be construed and have effect subject to the foregoing … ’ and since the doctrine of supremacy of Community law is arguably a part of Community law this provision appears to have the effect , so long as it remains law , of establishing the primacy of Community law , ( s.2 ( 4 ) ) .
the same section further [gives] that ‘ … any enactment passed or to be passed … shall be construed and have effect subject to the foregoing … ’ and since the doctrine of supremacy of community law is arguably a part of community law this provision appears to have the effect , so long as it remains law , of establishing the primacy of community law , ( s.2 ( 4 ) ) .

Article 13 provides that :
article 13 [gives] that :

’ The small Year Niner , who did not even realise that there were taps in room 19 , never mind streams , is a little interested by this offer but explains that her Mum never lets her drink the water at school and always provides her with a carton of fruit juice which keeps her going through the day .
’ the small year niner , who did not even realise that there were taps in room 19 , never mind streams , is a little interested by this offer but explains that her mum never lets her drink the water at school and always [gives] her with a carton of fruit juice which keeps her going through the day .

If your elderly parent is in the second category , this event always provides a valuable opportunity for the family to make every kind of affectionate and celebratory gesture that says , ‘ We 're glad you 're still around ’ .
if your elderly parent is in the second category , this event always [gives] a valuable opportunity for the family to make every kind of affectionate and celebratory gesture that says , ‘ we 're glad you 're still around ’ .

Central heating which provides safe , controllable background heat , plus a well guarded electric or gas fire which gives some form of instant extra heat when required is ideal if it can be afforded .
central heating which [gives] safe , controllable background heat , plus a well guarded electric or gas fire which gives some form of instant extra heat when required is ideal if it can be afforded .

Écueil provides strong wines which can be useful in blending a cuvée .
écueil [gives] strong wines which can be useful in blending a cuvée .

But for relatively inexpensive , early drinking , Champagnes , the judicious addition of good quality Pinot Meunier to a cuvée is indispensable and provides an immediate appeal to both nose and palate .
but for relatively inexpensive , early drinking , champagnes , the judicious addition of good quality pinot meunier to a cuvée is indispensable and [gives] an immediate appeal to both nose and palate .

This provides the reason why it was once extensively cultivated in the Aube , where its more southerly location and lack of limestone subsoil sometimes renders wines lacking the desirably high degree of acidity required for classic Champagnes .
this [gives] the reason why it was once extensively cultivated in the aube , where its more southerly location and lack of limestone subsoil sometimes renders wines lacking the desirably high degree of acidity required for classic champagnes .

The typical office ‘ uniform ’ of suits , blouses and respectable tights provides warmth during cold winter months .
the typical office ‘ uniform ’ of suits , blouses and respectable tights [gives] warmth during cold winter months .

Anna Adams provides written commentary in prose and verse , and Norman contributes nine watercolours .
anna adams [gives] written commentary in prose and verse , and norman contributes nine watercolours .

For further reading on the subject of the Miner Artists , a book called ‘ The Pitman Artists ’ , available at your local library , provides a fascinating insight into not only the works , but the lifestyles and social background which inspired these paintings .
for further reading on the subject of the miner artists , a book called ‘ the pitman artists ’ , available at your local library , [gives] a fascinating insight into not only the works , but the lifestyles and social background which inspired these paintings .

The course is a joint project of Spurgeon 's College and the Oasis Trust and in effect it provides a choice for candidates for the Baptist ministry .
the course is a joint project of spurgeon 's college and the oasis trust and in effect it [gives] a choice for candidates for the baptist ministry .

You may find that growth is slower , or you may find that God provides as you step out in faith .
you may find that growth is slower , or you may find that god [gives] as you step out in faith .

The Bible provides a clear and simple way to clear up the major cause of trouble , and that way is reconciliation .
the bible [gives] a clear and simple way to clear up the major cause of trouble , and that way is reconciliation .

Kwik-Fit provides her with five blue boiler suits and , because the job is so messy , organises a free cleaning pick-up service from work .
kwik-fit [gives] her with five blue boiler suits and , because the job is so messy , organises a free cleaning pick-up service from work .

15 The high quality of the environment in the project areas provides a spectacular contrast with unreconstructed streets nearby — and indeed with the public environment we have grown to accept as the norm in Britain .
15 the high quality of the environment in the project areas [gives] a spectacular contrast with unreconstructed streets nearby — and indeed with the public environment we have grown to accept as the norm in britain .

This provides an added potential benefit to traffic travelling along the main routes by reducing the number of locations where this is in conflict with turning traffic , but provides little control over speeds once traffic has penetrated the residential area .
this [gives] an added potential benefit to traffic travelling along the main routes by reducing the number of locations where this is in conflict with turning traffic , but [gives] little control over speeds once traffic has penetrated the residential area .

However , segregation of walkers from vehicles provides the greatest safety along routes where vehicle traffic is heavy and it is increasingly realised that this is an appropriate solution too where pedestrian flows are concentrated , such as in central shopping areas .
however , segregation of walkers from vehicles [gives] the greatest safety along routes where vehicle traffic is heavy and it is increasingly realised that this is an appropriate solution too where pedestrian flows are concentrated , such as in central shopping areas .

This is quite difficult to do and provides a great deal of fun .
this is quite difficult to do and [gives] a great deal of fun .

It has to be closely supervised but provides a good job for any adult who might be feeling somewhat self-conscious .
it has to be closely supervised but [gives] a good job for any adult who might be feeling somewhat self-conscious .

The aim of the whole May Day event will be to raise at least £1,800 for the Queen Elizabeth Centre which , as part of the Upper Hamble Country Park , provides outdoor activity holidays for children with special needs .
the aim of the whole may day event will be to raise at least £1,800 for the queen elizabeth centre which , as part of the upper hamble country park , [gives] outdoor activity holidays for children with special needs .

Between these two mercurial characters , Robert Tunstall 's Blair provides the perfect foil as the Oxbridge graduate firmly rooted in objective reality .
between these two mercurial characters , robert tunstall 's blair [gives] the perfect foil as the oxbridge graduate firmly rooted in objective reality .

Pharos provides excellent support in both these areas .
pharos [gives] excellent support in both these areas .

It also provides a consistent surface , which is ideal for use by young players and , perhaps more importantly , cricket can be played where the resources are not available to maintain a grass cricket square .
it also [gives] a consistent surface , which is ideal for use by young players and , perhaps more importantly , cricket can be played where the resources are not available to maintain a grass cricket square .

Stephen Ball 's chapter ( 2.4 ) provides an extensive discussion of the political interrelationships between national and local government and schools .
stephen ball 's chapter ( 2.4 ) [gives] an extensive discussion of the political interrelationships between national and local government and schools .

There are serious problems with this subject match thesis as we shall see , but the subject match initiative undoubtedly provides one of the major thrusts behind the intended improvement of teaching quality .
there are serious problems with this subject match thesis as we shall see , but the subject match initiative undoubtedly [gives] one of the major thrusts behind the intended improvement of teaching quality .

My own work on middle school teachers provides some support for this view .
my own work on middle school teachers [gives] some support for this view .

Such pedagogies appear to meet the crude , externally visible criteria for professional success , and the lack of collegial reflection or criticism provides no impetus for change in them either .
such pedagogies appear to meet the crude , externally visible criteria for professional success , and the lack of collegial reflection or criticism [gives] no impetus for change in them either .

This reviews situations , provides evidence on hypotheses and surveys client and other groups .
this reviews situations , [gives] evidence on hypotheses and surveys client and other groups .

The exploration of clients ' adaptations provides a good example of this before and after ' approach .
the exploration of clients ' adaptations [gives] a good example of this before and after ' approach .

The Health Education Council project on providing effective health care in a multi-racial society provides a useful checklist for assessing local services .
the health education council project on providing effective health care in a multi-racial society [gives] a useful checklist for assessing local services .

Hodder ( 1985 ) provides an extremely practical guide to all you need to know before and after becoming a step-family !
hodder ( 1985 ) [gives] an extremely practical guide to all you need to know before and after becoming a step-family !

Research carried out in Bradford during 1979 provides a useful illustration ( Lealman et al .
research carried out in bradford during 1979 [gives] a useful illustration ( lealman et al .

She argues that while the research provides clues about the types of preventive programmes that may be of help we also know what a complex problem child abuse is : The implication seems clear .
she argues that while the research [gives] clues about the types of preventive programmes that may be of help we also know what a complex problem child abuse is : the implication seems clear .

For instance , the Galaxy Application Environment licensed from Visix Software Inc last October provides it with the means to communicate with major graphical user interfaces such as Windows , Motif and Open Look .
for instance , the galaxy application environment licensed from visix software inc last october [gives] it with the means to communicate with major graphical user interfaces such as windows , motif and open look .

Their armour provides excellent protection from incoming missile fire .
their armour [gives] excellent protection from incoming missile fire .

This provides a smooth surface to paint over and ensures that the colours come up clean and bright .
this [gives] a smooth surface to paint over and ensures that the colours come up clean and bright .

This land is known as the Moot , and , like all the lands of the Empire , it provides troops for the Emperor 's army .
this land is known as the moot , and , like all the lands of the empire , it [gives] troops for the emperor 's army .

When the Emperor calls for aid the Supreme Patriarch provides the battle wizards needed .
when the emperor calls for aid the supreme patriarch [gives] the battle wizards needed .

In narrower economic terms agriculture provides a striking example of how misleading bald figures for labour productivity can be .
in narrower economic terms agriculture [gives] a striking example of how misleading bald figures for labour productivity can be .

However , it is questionable whether this recantation at the level of economic theory provides the clue as to the practical reasons why the road to the high inflation of the 1970s was littered with the wrecks of attempts at incomes policies .
however , it is questionable whether this recantation at the level of economic theory [gives] the clue as to the practical reasons why the road to the high inflation of the 1970s was littered with the wrecks of attempts at incomes policies .

Market economics clearly makes a number of effective criticisms of demand management , and its emphasis on the limited competence of government to promote economic growth provides at least a valuable corrective to what became the orthodox political economy of the post-war period .
market economics clearly makes a number of effective criticisms of demand management , and its emphasis on the limited competence of government to promote economic growth [gives] at least a valuable corrective to what became the orthodox political economy of the post-war period .

With output parameters within the ideal boundaries , the pulsed dye laser provides far better results , particularly in children .
with output parameters within the ideal boundaries , the pulsed dye laser [gives] far better results , particularly in children .

Population attributable risk provides an indication of the impact that controlling a causal factor might have on the incidence of sudden infant death syndrome .
population attributable risk [gives] an indication of the impact that controlling a causal factor might have on the incidence of sudden infant death syndrome .

British research also provides information on neonatal deaths for Asian and white infants .
british research also [gives] information on neonatal deaths for asian and white infants .

The relatively large number of babies provides the opportunity for a more general familiarity with infants , and the arrival of a baby involves fairly small changes to family life .
the relatively large number of babies [gives] the opportunity for a more general familiarity with infants , and the arrival of a baby involves fairly small changes to family life .

He provides all the back up from headquarters when the team is despatched and he could well follow the ‘ go-team ’ to the accident site .
he [gives] all the back up from headquarters when the team is despatched and he could well follow the ‘ go-team ’ to the accident site .

The Royal Signals and Radar Establishment , which is also a Ministry of Defence establishment , provides the necessary expertise on these problems .
the royal signals and radar establishment , which is also a ministry of defence establishment , [gives] the necessary expertise on these problems .

The Centre is a joint venture between the Livingston Development Corp , a government-funded body set up in 1962 to develop new towns — this organisation provides Centre users with in-house advice on marketing and introduces them to the local information technology and software community ; Lothian and Edinburgh Enterprise Ltd , a local enterprise company that provides training , commercial validation of business plans and advice on possible avenues to funding , such as venture capital ; and the Scottish Enterprise Software Group , which offers technical and product evaluation .
the centre is a joint venture between the livingston development corp , a government-funded body set up in 1962 to develop new towns — this organisation [gives] centre users with in-house advice on marketing and introduces them to the local information technology and software community ; lothian and edinburgh enterprise ltd , a local enterprise company that [gives] training , commercial validation of business plans and advice on possible avenues to funding , such as venture capital ; and the scottish enterprise software group , which offers technical and product evaluation .

The new Open Digital Studio format provides open interfaces to the Alias modelling format and rendering systems — Alias OpenModel and OpenRender — enabling users to develop custom effects and interfaces between Alias and other digital applications .
the new open digital studio format [gives] open interfaces to the alias modelling format and rendering systems — alias openmodel and openrender — enabling users to develop custom effects and interfaces between alias and other digital applications .

SpreadBase provides users with a means of analysing structured data — as client-server environments have become more widespread , users have begun accessing corporate data on relational database servers , using them as decision support tools .
spreadbase [gives] users with a means of analysing structured data — as client-server environments have become more widespread , users have begun accessing corporate data on relational database servers , using them as decision support tools .

It provides tools for applications design from the initial concept , to the editing stage , debugging , simulation and then code generation .
it [gives] tools for applications design from the initial concept , to the editing stage , debugging , simulation and then code generation .

It offers designers up to 125 rules per module and up to seven labels per variable and provides waveform display and three-dimensional block diagrams that help simulate applications .
it offers designers up to 125 rules per module and up to seven labels per variable and [gives] waveform display and three-dimensional block diagrams that help simulate applications .

This practical 2-day course highlights the risks and provides you with the knowledge to contain them .
this practical 2-day course highlights the risks and [gives] you with the knowledge to contain them .

Clean-burning and abundant , natural gas provides us with hope for a safer environment .
clean-burning and abundant , natural gas [gives] us with hope for a safer environment .

The Port of Rotterdam provides an environment of perfect partnership .
the port of rotterdam [gives] an environment of perfect partnership .

Blind Date provides lines which you can phone at anytime and talk to one of our highly trained staff on a one-to-one basis .
blind date [gives] lines which you can phone at anytime and talk to one of our highly trained staff on a one-to-one basis .

Stelrad 's Ideal compact Extra heat generator , with a maximum output of 8 kW , also provides neater and easier installation , since the pump , programmer and motorised valves are housed within its casing .
stelrad 's ideal compact extra heat generator , with a maximum output of 8 kw , also [gives] neater and easier installation , since the pump , programmer and motorised valves are housed within its casing .

The complete range of Dorman Long lintels are galvanised after fabrication ( especially at the danger points of edges , welds , and internal surfaces ) , this provides better protection against corrosion and staining .
the complete range of dorman long lintels are galvanised after fabrication ( especially at the danger points of edges , welds , and internal surfaces ) , this [gives] better protection against corrosion and staining .

Metal mesh — welded , not just clipped — onto the underside of all Dorman Long lintels provides a plaster key for easy applications .
metal mesh — welded , not just clipped — onto the underside of all dorman long lintels [gives] a plaster key for easy applications .

Using the Post Office also provides us with more branches than all the other clearing banks put together .
using the post office also [gives] us with more branches than all the other clearing banks put together .

Second , there 's a removable outer pouch that provides extra support and protection .
second , there 's a removable outer pouch that [gives] extra support and protection .

Also provides the most complete and accurate list of colleges , with addresses , telephone numbers , names of presidents and student activities directors .
also [gives] the most complete and accurate list of colleges , with addresses , telephone numbers , names of presidents and student activities directors .

The Steamatic provides you with truly flexible cleaning power .
the steamatic [gives] you with truly flexible cleaning power .

It provides industry managers with the incisive analysis and clear interpretation of key developments which they need to stay ahead .
it [gives] industry managers with the incisive analysis and clear interpretation of key developments which they need to stay ahead .

German Brief provides subscribers with :
german brief [gives] subscribers with :

Even if you have your own intelligence sources , such as an in-house research department , German Brief provides you with a knowledgeable and authoritative insight into the German business scene .
even if you have your own intelligence sources , such as an in-house research department , german brief [gives] you with a knowledgeable and authoritative insight into the german business scene .

In ‘ comfort ’ mode , it provides the softer ride associated with luxury cars ; in ‘ sport ’ setting , it adopts a firmer , more dynamic character .
in ‘ comfort ’ mode , it [gives] the softer ride associated with luxury cars ; in ‘ sport ’ setting , it adopts a firmer , more dynamic character .

This 1989 survey of pieces from Soviet newspapers and journals provides a fascinating view of Soviet society
this 1989 survey of pieces from soviet newspapers and journals [gives] a fascinating view of soviet society

clearly a serious attempt to consider the underlying geopolitical patterns in the region … the book provides a clear background to the dangerous daily news . The Independent , 11th August , 1990
clearly a serious attempt to consider the underlying geopolitical patterns in the region … the book [gives] a clear background to the dangerous daily news . the independent , 11th august , 1990

All basic statistical tests . • New user interface with menus and spreadsheet style operation • LogFile provides a complete record of your analysis • Program comes on one disk • Easy data input — direct or from file • Up to 50,000 cells in one table • Fast analysis • Requires no programming skills — you select all tests , variables and ranges from menus
all basic statistical tests . • new user interface with menus and spreadsheet style operation • logfile [gives] a complete record of your analysis • program comes on one disk • easy data input — direct or from file • up to 50,000 cells in one table • fast analysis • requires no programming skills — you select all tests , variables and ranges from menus

Transplastix — specialists is spaceglazing — provides a complete package tailored to meet individual requirements .
transplastix — specialists is spaceglazing — [gives] a complete package tailored to meet individual requirements .

And as you 'd expect , every car is covered by an extensive warranty which provides emergency assistance .
and as you 'd expect , every car is covered by an extensive warranty which [gives] emergency assistance .

The yacht provides exceptional cruising comfort for a crew of 4 or 6 .
the yacht [gives] exceptional cruising comfort for a crew of 4 or 6 .

Adult pets will appreciate the ‘ floating-on-a-cloud ’ sensation that this bed creates and those aching , rheumatic joints in older pets will be eased and relaxed by the warmth and support that this new Snuggle now provides .
adult pets will appreciate the ‘ floating-on-a-cloud ’ sensation that this bed creates and those aching , rheumatic joints in older pets will be eased and relaxed by the warmth and support that this new snuggle now [gives] .

True , her book is devoted mostly to the early characteristics of her subjects , the brief biographies she provides for them ending in their mid-twenties .
true , her book is devoted mostly to the early characteristics of her subjects , the brief biographies she [gives] for them ending in their mid-twenties .

It is this perspective on the genetics of psychosis that provides an entry-point into our understanding of the latter 's probable association with creativity .
it is this perspective on the genetics of psychosis that [gives] an entry-point into our understanding of the latter 's probable association with creativity .

The charity that provides the opportunities and facilities for disabled people to take part in sport .
the charity that [gives] the opportunities and facilities for disabled people to take part in sport .

This event also provides an opportunity to break away from our dependence on fossil fuels and start encouraging an international energy policy that supports alternative energy sources and reduces the threat of contamination .
this event also [gives] an opportunity to break away from our dependence on fossil fuels and start encouraging an international energy policy that supports alternative energy sources and reduces the threat of contamination .

Anna Adams provides written commentary in prose and verse , and Norman contributes nine watercolours .
anna adams [gives] written commentary in prose and verse , and norman contributes nine watercolours .

For further reading on the subject of the Miner Artists , a book called ‘ The Pitman Artists ’ , available at your local library , provides a fascinating insight into not only the works , but the lifestyles and social background which inspired these paintings .
for further reading on the subject of the miner artists , a book called ‘ the pitman artists ’ , available at your local library , [gives] a fascinating insight into not only the works , but the lifestyles and social background which inspired these paintings .

Biostratigraphic research provides essential stratigraphic support for many core activities both onshore and offshore .
biostratigraphic research [gives] essential stratigraphic support for many core activities both onshore and offshore .

Studying geochemical data from springs , shallow wells and river baseflow provides information on the processes that are active .
studying geochemical data from springs , shallow wells and river baseflow [gives] information on the processes that are active .

The Forbra Gold Challenge Cup Handicap Chase provides an ideal chance for Major Match to return to the form which saw him win the Charisma Gold Cup last season .
the forbra gold challenge cup handicap chase [gives] an ideal chance for major match to return to the form which saw him win the charisma gold cup last season .

An experienced team provides advice on rental values .
an experienced team [gives] advice on rental values .

The range of on-site services provides you with trouble-free enjoyment , combining all the benefits and standards of a 5-star hotel with the comfort and privacy of your own home .
the range of on-site services [gives] you with trouble-free enjoyment , combining all the benefits and standards of a 5-star hotel with the comfort and privacy of your own home .

Ahmed : When you are Black and gay and you open yourself up to the realities and contradictions inherent in this combined identity , it provides a better basis for understanding other people 's experience , both intellectually and intuitively .
ahmed : when you are black and gay and you open yourself up to the realities and contradictions inherent in this combined identity , it [gives] a better basis for understanding other people 's experience , both intellectually and intuitively .

Such inaction provides an ideal foil which leaves their assumed image of heterosexuality intact .
such inaction [gives] an ideal foil which leaves their assumed image of heterosexuality intact .

Several miles long , it is the most important shingle spit in Europe in terms of the vegetation it provides for wildlife , attracting little terns , lesser black-backed gulls and other uncommon birds .
several miles long , it is the most important shingle spit in europe in terms of the vegetation it [gives] for wildlife , attracting little terns , lesser black-backed gulls and other uncommon birds .

used the General Household Survey of 1980 , which provides a nationally representative sample of over 4500 elderly persons in private households to study patterns of care in households in which there were severely disabled people .
used the general household survey of 1980 , which [gives] a nationally representative sample of over 4500 elderly persons in private households to study patterns of care in households in which there were severely disabled people .

For example , long-standing marital disharmony may lie behind apparent rejection ; indeed , it may be that the disability of one partner provides the first and only reliable opportunity for old people to separate .
for example , long-standing marital disharmony may lie behind apparent rejection ; indeed , it may be that the disability of one partner [gives] the first and only reliable opportunity for old people to separate .

as the elderly person becomes older , the situation is likely to change from one in which the able-bodied parent primarily provides servicing to the younger single adult … to one in which the relationship is primarily one of dependency . ( Arber et al , 1986 )
as the elderly person becomes older , the situation is likely to change from one in which the able-bodied parent primarily [gives] servicing to the younger single adult … to one in which the relationship is primarily one of dependency . ( arber et al , 1986 )

The 36 ft. yacht , berthed at Titchmarsh marina , provides off-shore training for cadets from the South-east .
the 36 ft. yacht , berthed at titchmarsh marina , [gives] off-shore training for cadets from the south-east .

The rapid , undisturbed development of early Anglo-Saxon society provides an ideal area for the study of the processes of social and economic development .
the rapid , undisturbed development of early anglo-saxon society [gives] an ideal area for the study of the processes of social and economic development .

The 1982 Preventative Custody Law provides unlimited powers of arbitrary detention without charge or trial ‘ in the interest of national security ’ .
the 1982 preventative custody law [gives] unlimited powers of arbitrary detention without charge or trial ‘ in the interest of national security ’ .

In today 's compact kitchen , space can be at a premium , so our storage drawer provides easy access to your baking and roasting equipment .
in today 's compact kitchen , space can be at a premium , so our storage drawer [gives] easy access to your baking and roasting equipment .

This includes a minute minder facility and provides full automatic control of the main oven .
this includes a minute minder facility and [gives] full automatic control of the main oven .

The carpet too provides a plain perfect , single-colour background for an imaginative scattering of rugs to suit your style of living .
the carpet too [gives] a plain perfect , single-colour background for an imaginative scattering of rugs to suit your style of living .

Actomite 's easy-to-use spray provides lasting protection against House Dust Mites .
actomite 's easy-to-use spray [gives] lasting protection against house dust mites .

Hand picking may not be the fastest way to harvest , but as Ernest and Julio are fond of pointing out , it provides the best start a wine can have .
hand picking may not be the fastest way to harvest , but as ernest and julio are fond of pointing out , it [gives] the best start a wine can have .

Luminescent Gel provides the ultimate in body and control , without leaving your hair sticky or dull .
luminescent gel [gives] the ultimate in body and control , without leaving your hair sticky or dull .

Pond 's skincare range provides everything you need to keep your skin looking youthful — without spending a fortune !
pond 's skincare range [gives] everything you need to keep your skin looking youthful — without spending a fortune !

It soothes and provides a feeling of comfort whilst also conditioning the lashes .
it soothes and [gives] a feeling of comfort whilst also conditioning the lashes .

Concert provides feast of contrast
concert [gives] feast of contrast

‘ At least it provides air-conditioning in summer , ’ he went on .
‘ at least it [gives] air-conditioning in summer , ’ he went on .

Wordsworth 's native region provides a good example .
wordsworth 's native region [gives] a good example .

Tory , no novelist , provides the criticism a novelist may sometimes make of himself : ‘ Writers are ruined people … .
tory , no novelist , [gives] the criticism a novelist may sometimes make of himself : ‘ writers are ruined people … .

Stae benefit is higher than ever before and provides more adequately for those in need .
stae benefit is higher than ever before and [gives] more adequately for those in need .

Clint : ‘ It provides a lot of headaches , but it also provides the breath of fresh air we need .
clint : ‘ it [gives] a lot of headaches , but it also [gives] the breath of fresh air we need .

The Franks have been up mountains and down valleys , floated around idyllic lakes and cruised through the staggeringly beautiful ( see The Prisoner -meets-Brothers Grimm ) town of Salzburg , they 've even mimed in a restaurant hall which provides the definitive ‘ Sound Of Music Dinner Show ’ , during which tourists can dine on ‘ cream-coloured ponies ’ .
the franks have been up mountains and down valleys , floated around idyllic lakes and cruised through the staggeringly beautiful ( see the prisoner -meets-brothers grimm ) town of salzburg , they 've even mimed in a restaurant hall which [gives] the definitive ‘ sound of music dinner show ’ , during which tourists can dine on ‘ cream-coloured ponies ’ .

The argument is that it therefore provides a good basis for a fair and orderly grading structure .
the argument is that it therefore [gives] a good basis for a fair and orderly grading structure .

It provides a point of reference for those starting on the standard-setting road by identifying objectives for care bases on Henderson 's classification of the components of nursing .
it [gives] a point of reference for those starting on the standard-setting road by identifying objectives for care bases on henderson 's classification of the components of nursing .

Here the slipping knife provides one force and the finger provides the other force in the opposite direction .
here the slipping knife [gives] one force and the finger [gives] the other force in the opposite direction .

Investigations of family background provides some disturbing records but readers of high-class fiction do not need reminding how often , with the help of professional psychology , the distressed have been cheered up by facing past memories of ill-treatment .
investigations of family background [gives] some disturbing records but readers of high-class fiction do not need reminding how often , with the help of professional psychology , the distressed have been cheered up by facing past memories of ill-treatment .

Part Two provides step-by-step guidance on how to apply metaphysics to your everyday life : how to process your beliefs and thoughts , how to use affirmations , how to programme your future , how to ‘ listen to the whispers ’ that can guide you , how to recognise your payoffs and hidden agendas , how to heal your inner child , how to handle your emotions , how to awaken to your higher purpose , and how to work with unseen friends .
part two [gives] step-by-step guidance on how to apply metaphysics to your everyday life : how to process your beliefs and thoughts , how to use affirmations , how to programme your future , how to ‘ listen to the whispers ’ that can guide you , how to recognise your payoffs and hidden agendas , how to heal your inner child , how to handle your emotions , how to awaken to your higher purpose , and how to work with unseen friends .

Intimacy brings all of our unresolved conflicts , suppressed emotions and hidden agendas to the surface to be healed , and a partner provides an ideal mirror in which to gaze at parts of our own Shadow and rediscover our wholeness .
intimacy brings all of our unresolved conflicts , suppressed emotions and hidden agendas to the surface to be healed , and a partner [gives] an ideal mirror in which to gaze at parts of our own shadow and rediscover our wholeness .

Ten kilometres in length and about 25 kilometres on its shore line , the lake provides lots of recreational activities .
ten kilometres in length and about 25 kilometres on its shore line , the lake [gives] lots of recreational activities .

The dump , close to the cowshed that provides people here with milk , is browsed by fowls and pigs , which rummage among the poisoned wastes .
the dump , close to the cowshed that [gives] people here with milk , is browsed by fowls and pigs , which rummage among the poisoned wastes .

Article 6 provides that a contracting state such as Libya must take suspects into custody or take other measures to ensure their presence ‘ as provided in the domestic law of that state ’ — as Libya has done .
article 6 [gives] that a contracting state such as libya must take suspects into custody or take other measures to ensure their presence ‘ as provided in the domestic law of that state ’ — as libya has done .

Finally , it provides that ‘ the state which makes the preliminary enquiry … shall promptly report its findings to the said states and shall indicate whether it intends to exercise jurisdiction ’ — in other words , whether to prosecute or extradite .
finally , it [gives] that ‘ the state which makes the preliminary enquiry … shall promptly report its findings to the said states and shall indicate whether it intends to exercise jurisdiction ’ — in other words , whether to prosecute or extradite .

The Montreal Convention , which provides that contracting states shall afford one another the greatest measure of assistance in connection with criminal proceedings brought in respect of the offences charged .
the montreal convention , which [gives] that contracting states shall afford one another the greatest measure of assistance in connection with criminal proceedings brought in respect of the offences charged .

There are plenty of good reasons why nationalism thirsts for identification with ethnicity , if only because it provides the historical pedigree ‘ the nation ’ in the great majority of cases so obviously lacks .
there are plenty of good reasons why nationalism thirsts for identification with ethnicity , if only because it [gives] the historical pedigree ‘ the nation ’ in the great majority of cases so obviously lacks .

Even history exists only as a generalised past that provides the backdrop of a living museum .
even history exists only as a generalised past that [gives] the backdrop of a living museum .

Given the generation of Prentice and his friends ( and Banks ' own interests ) , rock provides many of the allusions .
given the generation of prentice and his friends ( and banks ' own interests ) , rock [gives] many of the allusions .

Jobs which are designed to give the worker autonomy will produce the experience of responsibility , and designing in mechanisms to provide feedback from the job provides knowledge of the actual results of the work activities .
jobs which are designed to give the worker autonomy will produce the experience of responsibility , and designing in mechanisms to provide feedback from the job [gives] knowledge of the actual results of the work activities .

This provides less support for a simple de-skilling hypothesis , revealing more of the complexity and variety of outcomes associated with new technology .
this [gives] less support for a simple de-skilling hypothesis , revealing more of the complexity and variety of outcomes associated with new technology .

Mrs Kemp 's lawyer , Robert Shaw , believed that , since the law which governs Reporters and their duties provides that a Reporter may nut be removed from office except with the consent of the Secretary of State , this would also prohibit suspension .
mrs kemp 's lawyer , robert shaw , believed that , since the law which governs reporters and their duties [gives] that a reporter may nut be removed from office except with the consent of the secretary of state , this would also prohibit suspension .

The comprehensive range of facilities that it provides makes it possible for you to create patterns for all of these popular garment shapes , to suit your own individual tensions and measurements .
the comprehensive range of facilities that it [gives] makes it possible for you to create patterns for all of these popular garment shapes , to suit your own individual tensions and measurements .

There are many facets in producing top quality exciting knitwear and this course provides all the necessary ground work for a creative and efficient future in this exciting industry , including self-employment .
there are many facets in producing top quality exciting knitwear and this course [gives] all the necessary ground work for a creative and efficient future in this exciting industry , including self-employment .

Not only will the Air-Britain register answer many more such queries , but it also provides a comprehensive listing of foreign-registered aircraft domiciled in these shores .
not only will the air-britain register answer many more such queries , but it also [gives] a comprehensive listing of foreign-registered aircraft domiciled in these shores .

After 200 years in the tourist business , Madeira provides a service few places in the world could rival .
after 200 years in the tourist business , madeira [gives] a service few places in the world could rival .

Gross provides a large number of examples on the subject of men , women and marriage .
gross [gives] a large number of examples on the subject of men , women and marriage .

It provides us with an appeal to a constituency the Tories have been allowed to monopolise .
it [gives] us with an appeal to a constituency the tories have been allowed to monopolise .

In the first place , dosh : Arun district council sponsors the event and provides the Regis Centre — Bognor 's effort to attract the conference market — at a special rate .
in the first place , dosh : arun district council sponsors the event and [gives] the regis centre — bognor 's effort to attract the conference market — at a special rate .

The upwards and outwards inclination of the kite either side of centre is what provides lateral stability .
the upwards and outwards inclination of the kite either side of centre is what [gives] lateral stability .

Wind provides all the energy we need for an anchored ( line held taut by the flyer ) kite .
wind [gives] all the energy we need for an anchored ( line held taut by the flyer ) kite .

For those who like to fly several kites at a time on tethers , they suggest a simple addition to the standard Goat or Dog corkscrew which provides a cleat to lock the line and winch or reel when sufficient line is paid out .
for those who like to fly several kites at a time on tethers , they suggest a simple addition to the standard goat or dog corkscrew which [gives] a cleat to lock the line and winch or reel when sufficient line is paid out .

This Chapter provides an exception to our deliberate omission of the historical aspects of kite flying , because we are about to describe an incredible revival of an age-old practice .
this chapter [gives] an exception to our deliberate omission of the historical aspects of kite flying , because we are about to describe an incredible revival of an age-old practice .

Centre left : Open mesh ( mosquito netting ) provides a slot on this leading edge .
centre left : open mesh ( mosquito netting ) [gives] a slot on this leading edge .

This curvature is contained in the first quarter of the wing so that the centre of lift is also well forward while the stabilising reflex on the underside provides a down force at the trailing edge .
this curvature is contained in the first quarter of the wing so that the centre of lift is also well forward while the stabilising reflex on the underside [gives] a down force at the trailing edge .

He put it as follows : ‘ Marxism is essentially atheistic , or to put it another way : it is atheism which provides the radical aspect of the Marxist philosophy of life .
he put it as follows : ‘ marxism is essentially atheistic , or to put it another way : it is atheism which [gives] the radical aspect of the marxist philosophy of life .

In addition since that time a host of legislation has been passed separate from the companies acts which provides rights for each of the parties involved .
in addition since that time a host of legislation has been passed separate from the companies acts which [gives] rights for each of the parties involved .

This condition provides that a consignment note can act as a receipt but under contract law should not be taken as ‘ evidence of the condition or of the correctness of the declared nature , quantity , or weight of the Consignment at the time it is received by the Carrier ’ .
this condition [gives] that a consignment note can act as a receipt but under contract law should not be taken as ‘ evidence of the condition or of the correctness of the declared nature , quantity , or weight of the consignment at the time it is received by the carrier ’ .

The important subject of carrier 's charges is covered by Condition 8 which provides :
the important subject of carrier 's charges is covered by condition 8 which [gives] :

The following case provides a very good illustration of the legal problems arising from allegations of fraud .
the following case [gives] a very good illustration of the legal problems arising from allegations of fraud .

Clause 9 provides an interesting exemption clause .
clause 9 [gives] an interesting exemption clause .

Citilend Ltd v Stuart Craggs provides an example of a case in which a haulier finds himself sued for a commercial misdemeanour — hire purchase default — in the Queen 's Bench Division .
citilend ltd v stuart craggs [gives] an example of a case in which a haulier finds himself sued for a commercial misdemeanour — hire purchase default — in the queen 's bench division .

The Insolvency Act 1986 , Section 84(1) , provides that a company may be wound up voluntarily :
the insolvency act 1986 , section 84(1) , [gives] that a company may be wound up voluntarily :

The Insolvency Act 1986 , Section 122(1) provides that a company may be wound up by the court if :
the insolvency act 1986 , section 122(1) [gives] that a company may be wound up by the court if :

Section 123 ( 1 ) of the Insolvency Act 1986 provides that a company is deemed unable to pay its debts if a creditor ( by assignment or otherwise ) to whom the company is indebted in a sum exceeding £750 then due has served on the company , by leaving it at the company 's registered office , a written demand ( in the prescribed form ) requiring the company to pay the sum so due and the company has for three weeks thereafter neglected to pay the sum or to secure or compound for it to the reasonable satisfaction of the creditor .
section 123 ( 1 ) of the insolvency act 1986 [gives] that a company is deemed unable to pay its debts if a creditor ( by assignment or otherwise ) to whom the company is indebted in a sum exceeding £750 then due has served on the company , by leaving it at the company 's registered office , a written demand ( in the prescribed form ) requiring the company to pay the sum so due and the company has for three weeks thereafter neglected to pay the sum or to secure or compound for it to the reasonable satisfaction of the creditor .

The court will not make a bankruptcy order unless it is satisfied that the individual can not pay his debts . Section 271(3) provides :
the court will not make a bankruptcy order unless it is satisfied that the individual can not pay his debts . section 271(3) [gives] :

The advent of Customs 88 provides an ideal opportunity for the haulier to become more aware of this fascinating area of business .
the advent of customs 88 [gives] an ideal opportunity for the haulier to become more aware of this fascinating area of business .

This part of us provides the means to work out how to do something .
this part of us [gives] the means to work out how to do something .

Dezallier-D'Argenville provides us with the answer : ‘ Among the common people it is customary to stay at home for two or three days after death , and to keep the body in a room where friends and relatives are invited to come and see it .
dezallier-d'argenville [gives] us with the answer : ‘ among the common people it is customary to stay at home for two or three days after death , and to keep the body in a room where friends and relatives are invited to come and see it .

The lead is unadorned save for an appliqué lead Maltese cross on the breast ; the shell follows the contours of the body , highly defined at the head end , and thus provides an indication of the true size of the occupant .
the lead is unadorned save for an appliqué lead maltese cross on the breast ; the shell follows the contours of the body , highly defined at the head end , and thus [gives] an indication of the true size of the occupant .

The deepest layer of skin , the dermis , is the thickest , underlying tough and resilient tissue , which cushions the body against injury and provides nutriment to the epidermis , the two top layers .
the deepest layer of skin , the dermis , is the thickest , underlying tough and resilient tissue , which cushions the body against injury and [gives] nutriment to the epidermis , the two top layers .

He makes himself available to meet guests and also provides cover when necessary , particularly in reception and in the restaurant .
he makes himself available to meet guests and also [gives] cover when necessary , particularly in reception and in the restaurant .

This provides regular income from subscriptions and offers a means of restricting usage if necessary .
this [gives] regular income from subscriptions and offers a means of restricting usage if necessary .

This also provides a useful framework for a report-style presentation .
this also [gives] a useful framework for a report-style presentation .

This is bound to be somewhat artificial , since the obligation to show all the stages of your reasoning forces you to appear rather more introspective than you would be in real life , but it still provides good practice in arranging and presenting material in an acceptable style .
this is bound to be somewhat artificial , since the obligation to show all the stages of your reasoning forces you to appear rather more introspective than you would be in real life , but it still [gives] good practice in arranging and presenting material in an acceptable style .

Others complain he provides a moronic stereotype of black people for which they in turn must suffer .
others complain he [gives] a moronic stereotype of black people for which they in turn must suffer .

Sun Microsystems Inc has a new desktop SBus Expansion Subsystem that provides three more SBus slots for several of the its workstations and servers , and enables use of single and double width boards ; it also accommodates up to two 424Mb disk drives and will be available from Sun Microsystems Computer Corp and SunExpress at $2,500 in July .
sun microsystems inc has a new desktop sbus expansion subsystem that [gives] three more sbus slots for several of the its workstations and servers , and enables use of single and double width boards ; it also accommodates up to two 424mb disk drives and will be available from sun microsystems computer corp and sunexpress at $2,500 in july .

Oracle7 provides two types of gateways to non-Oracle data : automatic and programmable .
oracle7 [gives] two types of gateways to non-oracle data : automatic and programmable .

But that 's a small price to pay for the flexibility and ease of use that the Pocket Ethernet provides .
but that 's a small price to pay for the flexibility and ease of use that the pocket ethernet [gives] .

Toolbars are a helpful addition ; each one provides access to the tools you need to do a specific job .
toolbars are a helpful addition ; each one [gives] access to the tools you need to do a specific job .

The Turney family provides a few clues .
the turney family [gives] a few clues .

This accounts for the small size of the Taos microkernel , which provides memory and process management , load balancing and precious little else .
this accounts for the small size of the taos microkernel , which [gives] memory and process management , load balancing and precious little else .

This provides something closer to historical Marxism , although it does mean that he quickly becomes involved in assumptions about rationality and intentionality , and has to propose a ‘ principle of Humanity ’ , that is a common human nature , to hold them all together .
this [gives] something closer to historical marxism , although it does mean that he quickly becomes involved in assumptions about rationality and intentionality , and has to propose a ‘ principle of humanity ’ , that is a common human nature , to hold them all together .

The stress on history as paramount provides a straightforward indication as to where such arguments are coming from : not Marxism in general as a political practice , but the Hegelian Marxism of the philosophical tradition initiated by Lukács ' History and Class Consciousness ( 1923 ) .
the stress on history as paramount [gives] a straightforward indication as to where such arguments are coming from : not marxism in general as a political practice , but the hegelian marxism of the philosophical tradition initiated by lukács ' history and class consciousness ( 1923 ) .

By abandoning any logic of progress for the negative synthesis of anti-labour which produces deviation , Sartre is , on the other hand , able to account for the major detour that provides the context for his whole debate with Merleau-Ponty , and indeed for all post-war Marxism : the spectre of Stalinism .
by abandoning any logic of progress for the negative synthesis of anti-labour which produces deviation , sartre is , on the other hand , able to account for the major detour that [gives] the context for his whole debate with merleau-ponty , and indeed for all post-war marxism : the spectre of stalinism .

In his early work we can see that Foucault 's position involves a remarkable development of Althusser 's hints that art can function as a privileged category that provides an ‘ internal distance ’ from ideology by relating histories , writing reports .
in his early work we can see that foucault 's position involves a remarkable development of althusser 's hints that art can function as a privileged category that [gives] an ‘ internal distance ’ from ideology by relating histories , writing reports .

It also provides the context in which to consider both the claim that for the later Foucault knowledge is absolutely determined , leaving him in the impossible situation of requiring something outside this for any prospect of critique , as well as the question of exactly how power and resistance are interdependent and to what extent they are separable .
it also [gives] the context in which to consider both the claim that for the later foucault knowledge is absolutely determined , leaving him in the impossible situation of requiring something outside this for any prospect of critique , as well as the question of exactly how power and resistance are interdependent and to what extent they are separable .

This argument , which Foucault derives from Deleuze , although at the same time he tellingly invokes Sartre 's theoretical formulation designed to solve exactly the same problem , provides a way of avoiding the incommensurability of the relation of the event to the concept by allowing ‘ the disjunctive affirmation of both ’ — thus solving the problem that the concept , as a part of the language of generality , will inevitably travesty the event 's singularity :
this argument , which foucault derives from deleuze , although at the same time he tellingly invokes sartre 's theoretical formulation designed to solve exactly the same problem , [gives] a way of avoiding the incommensurability of the relation of the event to the concept by allowing ‘ the disjunctive affirmation of both ’ — thus solving the problem that the concept , as a part of the language of generality , will inevitably travesty the event 's singularity :

It also provides migration links to the firm 's fourth generation language tool , BDx/4 .
it also [gives] migration links to the firm 's fourth generation language tool , bdx/4 .

It can review and edit images , graphics and spreadsheets , and provides links into relational databases such as Oracle , Informix and Sybase .
it can review and edit images , graphics and spreadsheets , and [gives] links into relational databases such as oracle , informix and sybase .

It provides 124 standard chart designs including bar charts , pie charts , table charts and word charts , as well as a variety of customization options .
it [gives] 124 standard chart designs including bar charts , pie charts , table charts and word charts , as well as a variety of customization options .

Frame Technology Corp , San Jose says it has been named as a defendant in a suit alleging breach of oral and written contract with respect to sums allegedly owed to Meridian Systems Inc , which provides sales representative and value-added reseller services ; Frame said the suit is without merit and it will be defended vigorously .
frame technology corp , san jose says it has been named as a defendant in a suit alleging breach of oral and written contract with respect to sums allegedly owed to meridian systems inc , which [gives] sales representative and value-added reseller services ; frame said the suit is without merit and it will be defended vigorously .

The heart of this book is the Army List section which provides a full list and points values for the Orc and Goblin army . By means of the Army List you can choose your own Orc and Goblin force , equip your own warlord and his entourage of shamans and bosses , and descend upon your quaking foes with the awesome power of the Waaagh behind you !
the heart of this book is the army list section which [gives] a full list and points values for the orc and goblin army . by means of the army list you can choose your own orc and goblin force , equip your own warlord and his entourage of shamans and bosses , and descend upon your quaking foes with the awesome power of the waaagh behind you !

It provides a convincing demonstration of inter- and multi-disciplinary co-operation as well as effective parental involvement , thus giving evidence that , given a number of identifiable requisites , personnel from different disciplines can work together productively .
it [gives] a convincing demonstration of inter- and multi-disciplinary co-operation as well as effective parental involvement , thus giving evidence that , given a number of identifiable requisites , personnel from different disciplines can work together productively .

Adult education provides a mixture of special classes and integrated provision .
adult education [gives] a mixture of special classes and integrated provision .

Publications now abound which aim to develop ‘ ways of supporting the kind of school that ’ , with Hegarty ( 1987 ) , ‘ provides for each according to need as part of its normal provision , perceives special provision as an integral part of the whole ’ , and aims to prevent learning difficulties ( Booth et al 1987 ) instead of just reacting to them .
publications now abound which aim to develop ‘ ways of supporting the kind of school that ’ , with hegarty ( 1987 ) , ‘ [gives] for each according to need as part of its normal provision , perceives special provision as an integral part of the whole ’ , and aims to prevent learning difficulties ( booth et al 1987 ) instead of just reacting to them .

introducing a teachers ' guide which provides ideas and examples of good practice within schools
introducing a teachers ' guide which [gives] ideas and examples of good practice within schools

The isolation or bunching together of such pupils only provides them with poor role models and intensive interaction with other disturbed children .
the isolation or bunching together of such pupils only [gives] them with poor role models and intensive interaction with other disturbed children .

It makes psychology more scientific in its own terms ; it improves women , s standing in the discipline ; and it provides feminist psychologists and feminists in general with some interesting data .
it makes psychology more scientific in its own terms ; it improves women , s standing in the discipline ; and it [gives] feminist psychologists and feminists in general with some interesting data .

But many feminists argue that the full , detailed understanding which theory provides , is a prerequisite for wide-ranging change in gender relations .
but many feminists argue that the full , detailed understanding which theory [gives] , is a prerequisite for wide-ranging change in gender relations .

It provides the theories with some parasitic scientific credibility .
it [gives] the theories with some parasitic scientific credibility .

The biological aspect of woman-centred psychological theories provides them with some theoretical distinctiveness .
the biological aspect of woman-centred psychological theories [gives] them with some theoretical distinctiveness .

The psychoanalytic idea of the subject as unconscious , as well as conscious , provides a stronger challenge .
the psychoanalytic idea of the subject as unconscious , as well as conscious , [gives] a stronger challenge .

Adams 's response to Chodorow 's ego psychology provides a Lacanian account of ‘ the constitution of a split subject through the play of presence and absence ’ ( 1983 : 47 ) .
adams 's response to chodorow 's ego psychology [gives] a lacanian account of ‘ the constitution of a split subject through the play of presence and absence ’ ( 1983 : 47 ) .

Gilligan 's work provides good examples .
gilligan 's work [gives] good examples .

The work of black and Third World feminists provides particularly clear examples of associative feminist challenges to psychology 's disciplinary boundaries .
the work of black and third world feminists [gives] particularly clear examples of associative feminist challenges to psychology 's disciplinary boundaries .

Under the string will be four layers of sacking and this provides cushion enough for the stem to grow and swell without restriction until you remake the tie — in a year 's time , at the most .
under the string will be four layers of sacking and this [gives] cushion enough for the stem to grow and swell without restriction until you remake the tie — in a year 's time , at the most .

You can create this situation quickly , by providing , say , a highly nitrogenous chemical like sulphate of ammonia , or much more slowly by lashings of the ubiquitous bone meal under the mistaken impression that it provides all the major elements and is a balanced feed ( see also question number 24 on page 171 ) .
you can create this situation quickly , by providing , say , a highly nitrogenous chemical like sulphate of ammonia , or much more slowly by lashings of the ubiquitous bone meal under the mistaken impression that it [gives] all the major elements and is a balanced feed ( see also question number 24 on page 171 ) .

Nitrate of potash , saltpetre and bonfire ash supply both potash and nitrogen , and a lot of it , which , when released very quickly by reaction with other chemicals and ignition , provides an explosion like gun powder .
nitrate of potash , saltpetre and bonfire ash supply both potash and nitrogen , and a lot of it , which , when released very quickly by reaction with other chemicals and ignition , [gives] an explosion like gun powder .

Charles Booth , in his study of the poor , provides one of the earliest justifications for this kind of research :
charles booth , in his study of the poor , [gives] one of the earliest justifications for this kind of research :

Charles Dickens provides us with a vivid account of nineteenth-century urban poverty in such novels as Oliver Twist and Great Expectations .
charles dickens [gives] us with a vivid account of nineteenth-century urban poverty in such novels as oliver twist and great expectations .

The study also provides a wealth of information which points to the way television , and by extension the media , alter relationships within the political system . The Langs observed that
the study also [gives] a wealth of information which points to the way television , and by extension the media , alter relationships within the political system . the langs observed that

The short-lived ‘ left-of-centre ’ News-on-Sunday ( 1986 — 7 ) provides a good example .
the short-lived ‘ left-of-centre ’ news-on-sunday ( 1986 — 7 ) [gives] a good example .

via health and safety regulations ; it subsidizes foods and housing , for example , and it provides a range of services such as health and education .
via health and safety regulations ; it subsidizes foods and housing , for example , and it [gives] a range of services such as health and education .

If you are seriously flirting with the idea Chapter 10 , Starting Your Own Business , provides a lot of the detail you will need to know .
if you are seriously flirting with the idea chapter 10 , starting your own business , [gives] a lot of the detail you will need to know .

All pension scheme members should normally be given a booklet describing how the scheme works , what benefits it provides , the names of the trustees and other information including the address of the Pensions Ombudsman .
all pension scheme members should normally be given a booklet describing how the scheme works , what benefits it [gives] , the names of the trustees and other information including the address of the pensions ombudsman .

With significant opportunities for growth , or even in a recession , all this change provides business for executive search .
with significant opportunities for growth , or even in a recession , all this change [gives] business for executive search .

The existence of the covenant , however , provides the possibility of its future invocation .
the existence of the covenant , however , [gives] the possibility of its future invocation .

It is the state which provides the opportunity to practise in a monopolistic or restrictive fashion and it is the legal profession which reinforces the existing social order .
it is the state which [gives] the opportunity to practise in a monopolistic or restrictive fashion and it is the legal profession which reinforces the existing social order .

The scramble to redistribute existing resources and clients provides the conditions for the development of schemes such as the duty solicitor .
the scramble to redistribute existing resources and clients [gives] the conditions for the development of schemes such as the duty solicitor .

The advantage of this sort of work is that the descriptions of cellular mechanisms are very detailed and this provides a good basis for determining whether the same cellular mechanisms are available in mammals .
the advantage of this sort of work is that the descriptions of cellular mechanisms are very detailed and this [gives] a good basis for determining whether the same cellular mechanisms are available in mammals .

Stimulation , therefore , only provides readily interpretable data when one either knows a lot about the brain , or the brain is organized in a simple way .
stimulation , therefore , only [gives] readily interpretable data when one either knows a lot about the brain , or the brain is organized in a simple way .

Stimulation provides readily interpretable data under two conditions .
stimulation [gives] readily interpretable data under two conditions .

Recording from single units provides this additional information .
recording from single units [gives] this additional information .

Heavily wooded , in pleasing contrast to the moors , it 's an important and protected haven for wildlife — and provides some very impressive walking .
heavily wooded , in pleasing contrast to the moors , it 's an important and protected haven for wildlife — and [gives] some very impressive walking .

Design : provides a bright image in low light .
design : [gives] a bright image in low light .

The institution of monarchy at the end of the nineteenth century provides some of the best illustrations of the overlapping , or the incapsulation within one another , of ideas drawn from different ages .
the institution of monarchy at the end of the nineteenth century [gives] some of the best illustrations of the overlapping , or the incapsulation within one another , of ideas drawn from different ages .

Finally comes metaphysics which provides a bridge between logic and the special sciences .
finally comes metaphysics which [gives] a bridge between logic and the special sciences .

Of course , this is a one-sided and distorting reading , but it provides a perspective from which some central Quinean themes hang together .
of course , this is a one-sided and distorting reading , but it [gives] a perspective from which some central quinean themes hang together .

The way a sentence ( or indeed any complex expression ) is generated within a Montague grammar provides a possible synchronic fossil of how , diachronically , the language acquired the complexity making such a sentence possible .
the way a sentence ( or indeed any complex expression ) is generated within a montague grammar [gives] a possible synchronic fossil of how , diachronically , the language acquired the complexity making such a sentence possible .

The relevance of Ullman 's study is that he provides a theoretical account of differential ( human ) phenomenology that can be empirically investigated , and which if correct would explain how and why these distinct experiences arise when they do .
the relevance of ullman 's study is that he [gives] a theoretical account of differential ( human ) phenomenology that can be empirically investigated , and which if correct would explain how and why these distinct experiences arise when they do .

And since absolute holism can be used , in Althusser 's view , to explain a wide range of phenomena — to explain how societies are organised and maintained and how they change — his theory provides an opportunity to assess both the character of his approach and its scope .
and since absolute holism can be used , in althusser 's view , to explain a wide range of phenomena — to explain how societies are organised and maintained and how they change — his theory [gives] an opportunity to assess both the character of his approach and its scope .

The point is not to approach the texts with preconceived ideas about matters such as what constitutes an argument , what provides evidence for a claim , or when we can be said to know something .
the point is not to approach the texts with preconceived ideas about matters such as what constitutes an argument , what [gives] evidence for a claim , or when we can be said to know something .

Capital therefore provides us not just with a view of the economy , but with a way of analysing the structure and development of a whole society .
capital therefore [gives] us not just with a view of the economy , but with a way of analysing the structure and development of a whole society .

And to improve this understanding we must look to the only example Althusser provides : Lenin 's discussion of the Russian Revolution .
and to improve this understanding we must look to the only example althusser [gives] : lenin 's discussion of the russian revolution .

This much is uncontentious , and provides a defence of the claim that the properties of individuals are not constant , so that — as Althusser puts it — each class has ‘ its ’ individuals , whose beliefs and behaviour are founded upon their experiences .
this much is uncontentious , and [gives] a defence of the claim that the properties of individuals are not constant , so that — as althusser puts it — each class has ‘ its ’ individuals , whose beliefs and behaviour are founded upon their experiences .

History of this sort , which offers to explain the relations between properties of societies , has been enormously successful in the past thirty years or so and provides a clear conception of how the underlying interest of holism can guide social enquiry .
history of this sort , which offers to explain the relations between properties of societies , has been enormously successful in the past thirty years or so and [gives] a clear conception of how the underlying interest of holism can guide social enquiry .

Finally , Darwin displays the indirect evidence for the theory : the explanations it provides for a wide array of facts in biogeography , geology , embryology and so on .
finally , darwin displays the indirect evidence for the theory : the explanations it [gives] for a wide array of facts in biogeography , geology , embryology and so on .

Agreement is extremely close and provides little evidence for selection between families or against new seedling recruits .
agreement is extremely close and [gives] little evidence for selection between families or against new seedling recruits .

It turns out that we have to appeal in any case to something like a rational collective agency , directed towards avoiding recognized and agreed evils , and that already provides an adequate explanation — a fairly traditional one — of the incest prohibition .
it turns out that we have to appeal in any case to something like a rational collective agency , directed towards avoiding recognized and agreed evils , and that already [gives] an adequate explanation — a fairly traditional one — of the incest prohibition .

Language provides the context in which we can be said to understand each other .
language [gives] the context in which we can be said to understand each other .

Singer , it will be remembered , in claiming that the higher mammals were persons , provides the support of the chimpanzee 's frequent use of the sign ‘ Me Washoe ’ .
singer , it will be remembered , in claiming that the higher mammals were persons , [gives] the support of the chimpanzee 's frequent use of the sign ‘ me washoe ’ .

One bar provides a third of the body 's daily nutritional requirements .
one bar [gives] a third of the body 's daily nutritional requirements .

The Clyde cycleway provides a traffic-free route from Glasgow centre and follows the river Clyde to its source .
the clyde cycleway [gives] a traffic-free route from glasgow centre and follows the river clyde to its source .

Childhood provides a vital formative stage for development .
childhood [gives] a vital formative stage for development .

Paul provides two directives .
paul [gives] two directives .

The one-flesh relationship provides a practical unified view of marriage where man and woman are seen as deeply complementary to each other .
the one-flesh relationship [gives] a practical unified view of marriage where man and woman are seen as deeply complementary to each other .

Marriage is intended as a bond for life , and Jesus 's appeal to first principles provides us with a high view of marriage , a vivid contrast to liberal teaching then and now .
marriage is intended as a bond for life , and jesus 's appeal to first principles [gives] us with a high view of marriage , a vivid contrast to liberal teaching then and now .

There was a long pause before he spoke : ‘ The game is proving exceedingly popular Miss N'Grabbit — it provides a lot of thrills for young people .
there was a long pause before he spoke : ‘ the game is proving exceedingly popular miss n'grabbit — it [gives] a lot of thrills for young people .

Apart from the detailed maps and walking instructions , the guide provides a wealth of background information on the geology , history and archaeology of the area .
apart from the detailed maps and walking instructions , the guide [gives] a wealth of background information on the geology , history and archaeology of the area .

Some of these projects are real jobs , where a client provides the brief .
some of these projects are real jobs , where a client [gives] the brief .

An ‘ introduction ’ provides an overview of the general area , but the main tutorial material is held in the stack ‘ tutorials ’ which has links to all the other stacks .
an ‘ introduction ’ [gives] an overview of the general area , but the main tutorial material is held in the stack ‘ tutorials ’ which has links to all the other stacks .

The family interaction that takes place provides important insights into family functioning .
the family interaction that takes place [gives] important insights into family functioning .

Sharing and co-operation between siblings can be observed , and if fights break out the method of handling by the parents provides on-the-spot evidence of management skills .
sharing and co-operation between siblings can be observed , and if fights break out the method of handling by the parents [gives] on-the-spot evidence of management skills .

This provides a constant source of attention and makes sure that the child realizes that the parent is fully participating .
this [gives] a constant source of attention and makes sure that the child realizes that the parent is fully participating .

They are easily imitated and winning provides the child with a sense of satisfaction and power .
they are easily imitated and winning [gives] the child with a sense of satisfaction and power .

Every time the child makes demands the parent provides a retort and opens up the possibility of more interaction about the demand .
every time the child makes demands the parent [gives] a retort and opens up the possibility of more interaction about the demand .

In severe cases of failure to thrive admission to hospital provides an environment where close observation of feeding patterns and mother-child interaction can occur ( Goldbloom 1982 ) .
in severe cases of failure to thrive admission to hospital [gives] an environment where close observation of feeding patterns and mother-child interaction can occur ( goldbloom 1982 ) .

If you collect plates or similar items , which are best displayed vertically , a grooved shelf installed at about picture rail height provides an answer .
if you collect plates or similar items , which are best displayed vertically , a grooved shelf installed at about picture rail height [gives] an answer .

The dark green colourway provides vibrancy and depth , which is echoed by the towels , tiles and flooring , and a cotton pile bathmat from Croydex 's Catherine range continues the theme .
the dark green colourway [gives] vibrancy and depth , which is echoed by the towels , tiles and flooring , and a cotton pile bathmat from croydex 's catherine range continues the theme .

For safety 's sake , replace any plugs that do not have partly sleeved live and neutral pins if you have children in the house , since this provides extra protection for prying little fingers .
for safety 's sake , replace any plugs that do not have partly sleeved live and neutral pins if you have children in the house , since this [gives] extra protection for prying little fingers .

the addition of an optional lace carriage provides further scope with a choice of plain and fashion lace , woven lace , tuck and lace and Brother 's exclusive fine lace .
the addition of an optional lace carriage [gives] further scope with a choice of plain and fashion lace , woven lace , tuck and lace and brother 's exclusive fine lace .

The fifth part provides an opportunity to put these to the test .
the fifth part [gives] an opportunity to put these to the test .

It provides an opportunity for the child to get plenty of attention for being good .
it [gives] an opportunity for the child to get plenty of attention for being good .

The final part provides a description of a family problem through which to try out what has been learned in the preceding parts .
the final part [gives] a description of a family problem through which to try out what has been learned in the preceding parts .

This section provides a brief overview of those social abilities which are thought to be development precursors to the emergence of spoken language .
this section [gives] a brief overview of those social abilities which are thought to be development precursors to the emergence of spoken language .

This section provides only a brief indication of the way in which therapists and clinicians have adopted and adapted this approach in working with children who have language difficulties .
this section [gives] only a brief indication of the way in which therapists and clinicians have adopted and adapted this approach in working with children who have language difficulties .

Any naturally occurring activity , such as dressing , feeding , shopping , cooking , or playing games , which provides a context within which communication is necessary , is a potential context for language learning .
any naturally occurring activity , such as dressing , feeding , shopping , cooking , or playing games , which [gives] a context within which communication is necessary , is a potential context for language learning .

Finally , Vygotsky 's description of the ‘ zone of proximal development ’ provides a clear indication of the way in which environmental support is likely to be effective .
finally , vygotsky 's description of the ‘ zone of proximal development ’ [gives] a clear indication of the way in which environmental support is likely to be effective .

This provides useful information for anyone who needs to address the child as part of a daily routine or anyone who seeks to engage the child in conversation informally .
this [gives] useful information for anyone who needs to address the child as part of a daily routine or anyone who seeks to engage the child in conversation informally .

The underlying rationale for any psychological or linguistic assessment is that it provides objective evidence which can be appropriately interpreted and evaluated .
the underlying rationale for any psychological or linguistic assessment is that it [gives] objective evidence which can be appropriately interpreted and evaluated .

The rationale for trying to obtain verbatim records of children 's speech in naturalistic settings is that it provides the best indication of what language a child actually uses in ordinary , everyday settings .
the rationale for trying to obtain verbatim records of children 's speech in naturalistic settings is that it [gives] the best indication of what language a child actually uses in ordinary , everyday settings .

The purpose of preparing a transcript is to present , in print , as complete a record of the taped material as is required for the particular assessment : ‘ It provides the foundation of ; 11 subsequent analyses and , as such , its importance can not be over estimated ’ ( Crystal 1984 ) .
the purpose of preparing a transcript is to present , in print , as complete a record of the taped material as is required for the particular assessment : ‘ it [gives] the foundation of ; 11 subsequent analyses and , as such , its importance can not be over estimated ’ ( crystal 1984 ) .

As with the Developmental Sentence Types , Lee provides normative data , from 160 children of normal intelligence between the ages of 2 years 0 months and 6 years 11 months .
as with the developmental sentence types , lee [gives] normative data , from 160 children of normal intelligence between the ages of 2 years 0 months and 6 years 11 months .

At least one study has found a positive and statistically significant relationship between maternal ratings of children 's command of specific vocabulary items and performance on a formal language test ( Cunningham and Sloper 1984 ) and this provides some support for the validity of checklist assessments .
at least one study has found a positive and statistically significant relationship between maternal ratings of children 's command of specific vocabulary items and performance on a formal language test ( cunningham and sloper 1984 ) and this [gives] some support for the validity of checklist assessments .

( This procedure provides a second meaning for ‘ standardised test ’ . )
( this procedure [gives] a second meaning for ‘ standardised test ’ . )

On the basis of these observations , it is not possible to say whether or not one of these tests provides a more useful assessment tool than the other .
on the basis of these observations , it is not possible to say whether or not one of these tests [gives] a more useful assessment tool than the other .

The diversity of climbing styles packed into just 60 feet of grit is remarkable — only the off-width connoisseur will be disappointed — and the combination of this , a natural line of least resistance and finishing atop a genuine , albeit modest , summit provides one of the most enjoyable excursions for a first acquaintance with Froggatt .
the diversity of climbing styles packed into just 60 feet of grit is remarkable — only the off-width connoisseur will be disappointed — and the combination of this , a natural line of least resistance and finishing atop a genuine , albeit modest , summit [gives] one of the most enjoyable excursions for a first acquaintance with froggatt .

Hard going in places , it provides a handbook for individuals who 've had it with ‘ Mickey Mouse politics ’ .
hard going in places , it [gives] a handbook for individuals who 've had it with ‘ mickey mouse politics ’ .

What Mannheim provides is a ‘ groundless philosophy of social science ’ ( Hekman 1986 : 79 ) that provides a link with modern hermeneutic , critical and structuralist approaches .
what mannheim [gives] is a ‘ groundless philosophy of social science ’ ( hekman 1986 : 79 ) that [gives] a link with modern hermeneutic , critical and structuralist approaches .

The flow of everyday life provides a context in which individual human consciousness usually operates .
the flow of everyday life [gives] a context in which individual human consciousness usually operates .

This connection between consciousness and the mode of production provides the basis for the theory of ideology ; it is through understanding the mode of production and its social relations that the social determination of ideology can be understood .
this connection between consciousness and the mode of production [gives] the basis for the theory of ideology ; it is through understanding the mode of production and its social relations that the social determination of ideology can be understood .

Before considering subsequent developments in the theory of ideology it is worth presenting a summary of the contributions to a theory of knowledge that Marx provides ( and Larrain 's analysis illuminates ) .
before considering subsequent developments in the theory of ideology it is worth presenting a summary of the contributions to a theory of knowledge that marx [gives] ( and larrain 's analysis illuminates ) .

This analysis provides the basis for being able to recognize ‘ true ’ consciousness and distinguish ‘ false ’ consciousness .
this analysis [gives] the basis for being able to recognize ‘ true ’ consciousness and distinguish ‘ false ’ consciousness .

Thus it questions the values of the existing order of ‘ better ’ , ‘ useful ’ , ‘ appropriate ’ , ‘ productive ’ and ‘ valuable ’ and is ‘ wholly distrustful of the rules of conduct with which society as presently constituted provides each of its members ’ ( Horkheimer 1972 : 207 ) .
thus it questions the values of the existing order of ‘ better ’ , ‘ useful ’ , ‘ appropriate ’ , ‘ productive ’ and ‘ valuable ’ and is ‘ wholly distrustful of the rules of conduct with which society as presently constituted [gives] each of its members ’ ( horkheimer 1972 : 207 ) .

As well as providing a means for analysing social process , the rationality of communicative action provides the basis for the understanding of an interpreter of that action :
as well as providing a means for analysing social process , the rationality of communicative action [gives] the basis for the understanding of an interpreter of that action :

The lifeworld both provides the basis of meaning on which communicative action can draw and it is also a product of the exchange of meaning that constitutes communicative action .
the lifeworld both [gives] the basis of meaning on which communicative action can draw and it is also a product of the exchange of meaning that constitutes communicative action .

To the anthropologist however the myth provides a problem of meaning because in the context from which the myth is considered ( i.e .
to the anthropologist however the myth [gives] a problem of meaning because in the context from which the myth is considered ( i.e .

The context of the discourse of anthropology provides constraints on the form of a statement that will be recognized as meaningful .
the context of the discourse of anthropology [gives] constraints on the form of a statement that will be recognized as meaningful .

It is relatively easy to see myths as constituting a discourse that provides knowledge for members of a culture of the world around them .
it is relatively easy to see myths as constituting a discourse that [gives] knowledge for members of a culture of the world around them .

The composition of this sponge-like material provides an amazing 10 square meters ( 13 sq .
the composition of this sponge-like material [gives] an amazing 10 square meters ( 13 sq .

In this way the indexed paragraph provides an example or definition of what the node-link-node triple means .
in this way the indexed paragraph [gives] an example or definition of what the node-link-node triple means .

Present hyper-text provides mainly for small , simply structured documents and , in the way that it concentrates on factors at the human — machine interface , it gives good insight into the capabilities needed for a full hyper-medium system .
present hyper-text [gives] mainly for small , simply structured documents and , in the way that it concentrates on factors at the human — machine interface , it gives good insight into the capabilities needed for a full hyper-medium system .

This hierarchy provides the framework upon which textual units are dynamically aggregated to satisfy varying user requirements .
this hierarchy [gives] the framework upon which textual units are dynamically aggregated to satisfy varying user requirements .

This provides a completely general mechanism for addressing all objects in the inheritance hierarchy .
this [gives] a completely general mechanism for addressing all objects in the inheritance hierarchy .

Gouache is the medium Mary uses for her work , it is akin to watercolour but always provides the essential opaque quality . Colour matching is not a real problem , heraldry has distinct tinctures laid down and these are adhered to , although Mary has had the occasional viewer saying that the badge was never that colour ! In that case , it is their memory and not the College of Arms that is off the mark !
gouache is the medium mary uses for her work , it is akin to watercolour but always [gives] the essential opaque quality . colour matching is not a real problem , heraldry has distinct tinctures laid down and these are adhered to , although mary has had the occasional viewer saying that the badge was never that colour ! in that case , it is their memory and not the college of arms that is off the mark !

Any establishment which provides or is intended to provide , whether for reward or not , residential accommodation with both board and personal care , for four or more persons in need of personal care by reasons of old age , disablement , past or present dependence on alcohol or drugs or past or present mental disorder .
any establishment which [gives] or is intended to provide , whether for reward or not , residential accommodation with both board and personal care , for four or more persons in need of personal care by reasons of old age , disablement , past or present dependence on alcohol or drugs or past or present mental disorder .

The privatisation of water during 1989 created a great deal of controversy because the water industry probably provides the best example of a natural monopoly , and the likelihood of any competition is almost non-existent .
the privatisation of water during 1989 created a great deal of controversy because the water industry probably [gives] the best example of a natural monopoly , and the likelihood of any competition is almost non-existent .

Furthermore , an insurance against loss of income due to unemployment , old age or illness is provided by means of the social security system , which also provides support for those on low pay or in poverty .
furthermore , an insurance against loss of income due to unemployment , old age or illness is provided by means of the social security system , which also [gives] support for those on low pay or in poverty .

The wide disparity that has emerged between house prices in different regions provides a major obstacle to geographical mobility of labour .
the wide disparity that has emerged between house prices in different regions [gives] a major obstacle to geographical mobility of labour .

He provides the influence they needed and , together with the best centre-back combination in England , Steve Bould and Tony Adams , the Dane 's strength has turned the clock back to the season when Arsenal last won the title through defensive ability .
he [gives] the influence they needed and , together with the best centre-back combination in england , steve bould and tony adams , the dane 's strength has turned the clock back to the season when arsenal last won the title through defensive ability .

Dwyer , however , disagrees : ‘ Sure we have experienced an extremely demanding schedule , particularly over the past year which took in the World Cup , but this provides terrific experience for the younger players . ’
dwyer , however , disagrees : ‘ sure we have experienced an extremely demanding schedule , particularly over the past year which took in the world cup , but this [gives] terrific experience for the younger players . ’

It is the threat to the hostage that provides that pressure , not the killing .
it is the threat to the hostage that [gives] that pressure , not the killing .

But now there 's a new bond that provides a failsafe investment .
but now there 's a new bond that [gives] a failsafe investment .

The insurance industry also provides some blocks to teenagers driving fast cars .
the insurance industry also [gives] some blocks to teenagers driving fast cars .

Hitachi provides the lion 's share of the new Japanese support .
hitachi [gives] the lion 's share of the new japanese support .

The group is the non-profit-making trading arm of the 1959 Group of Charities which provides access in its shops for the sale of cards from nearly 300 charities .
the group is the non-profit-making trading arm of the 1959 group of charities which [gives] access in its shops for the sale of cards from nearly 300 charities .

All that we ask is that it provides public answers to the question most people in this country are asking .
all that we ask is that it [gives] public answers to the question most people in this country are asking .

All this provides an important service for the social and mental health of many older people .
all this [gives] an important service for the social and mental health of many older people .

The primary task in the early stages of group formation is to create a safe environment which provides individuals with secure boundaries in which they are able to function .
the primary task in the early stages of group formation is to create a safe environment which [gives] individuals with secure boundaries in which they are able to function .

It provides us with information which can suggest not only how individuals came to be in their present position but the way they are likely to respond to new difficulties and choices .
it [gives] us with information which can suggest not only how individuals came to be in their present position but the way they are likely to respond to new difficulties and choices .

Constructive activity can be considered as that which provides the individual with an interest .
constructive activity can be considered as that which [gives] the individual with an interest .

The place of work also provides us with a base for social interaction .
the place of work also [gives] us with a base for social interaction .

Good health increases good adjustment to retirement , and enables the individual to take advantage of the opportunities it provides .
good health increases good adjustment to retirement , and enables the individual to take advantage of the opportunities it [gives] .

The theory provides the younger relative with a convenient explanation for any guilt they may feel about their role with ageing relatives .
the theory [gives] the younger relative with a convenient explanation for any guilt they may feel about their role with ageing relatives .

This often provides the excuse for ageism , it being simpler to assume that the problem is old age rather than a treatable condition .
this often [gives] the excuse for ageism , it being simpler to assume that the problem is old age rather than a treatable condition .

( The role of males in baboon tribes provides an interesting exception to the general rule . )
( the role of males in baboon tribes [gives] an interesting exception to the general rule . )

Making a pressed flower picture from a wedding bouquet provides a lasting , and beautiful , reminder of a very memorable and special day .
making a pressed flower picture from a wedding bouquet [gives] a lasting , and beautiful , reminder of a very memorable and special day .

The 1980 Regulations provides the following exemption .
the 1980 regulations [gives] the following exemption .

Regulation 46(1) provides that except as provided by paragraph ( 2 ) , this Regulation applies to —
regulation 46(1) [gives] that except as provided by paragraph ( 2 ) , this regulation applies to —

Regulation 46(2) provides that this Regulation does not apply to —
regulation 46(2) [gives] that this regulation does not apply to —

The whole phrase under this point only creates one offence and Section 7(2) of the 1986 Act provides that for the purposes of the rules against charging more than one offence in the same count or information , each of sections 1 to 5 create one offence . Therefore , it would be correct to charge ‘ using threatening and insulting words and behaviour … ’
the whole phrase under this point only creates one offence and section 7(2) of the 1986 act [gives] that for the purposes of the rules against charging more than one offence in the same count or information , each of sections 1 to 5 create one offence . therefore , it would be correct to charge ‘ using threatening and insulting words and behaviour … ’

The mental element or mens rea by the offender for this point is as follows : Section 6 ( 3 ) provides that a person is guilty of an offence under Section 4 only if he intends his words or behaviour , or the writing , sign or other visible representation , to be threatening , abusive or insulting , or is aware that it may be threatening , abusive or insulting .
the mental element or mens rea by the offender for this point is as follows : section 6 ( 3 ) [gives] that a person is guilty of an offence under section 4 only if he intends his words or behaviour , or the writing , sign or other visible representation , to be threatening , abusive or insulting , or is aware that it may be threatening , abusive or insulting .

His subsequent rise to power as the charismatic leader of Britain 's ‘ war socialism ’ provides the best illustration of the tendency for left and right-wing collectivism to converge around a nationalist economics utterly alien to the Cobdenite traditions of the pacifists .
his subsequent rise to power as the charismatic leader of britain 's ‘ war socialism ’ [gives] the best illustration of the tendency for left and right-wing collectivism to converge around a nationalist economics utterly alien to the cobdenite traditions of the pacifists .

Again , a bundle of drinking straws glued together provides a realistic model .
again , a bundle of drinking straws glued together [gives] a realistic model .

For racing yachts it generally provides the lightest of all hulls and it is also the cheapest way of getting a ‘ one-off ’ design built .
for racing yachts it generally [gives] the lightest of all hulls and it is also the cheapest way of getting a ‘ one-off ’ design built .

As well as checking balances , the system provides details of recent transactions and allows transfers and bill payments .
as well as checking balances , the system [gives] details of recent transactions and allows transfers and bill payments .

‘ It provides a far greater quality of life .
‘ it [gives] a far greater quality of life .

Another firm , Oakmoor Telecentres , provides made-to-measure prefabricated offices equipped with computer cabling .
another firm , oakmoor telecentres , [gives] made-to-measure prefabricated offices equipped with computer cabling .

Homesitters also provides pet care .
homesitters also [gives] pet care .

Both versions of the Maverick have formidable load-carrying and towing abilities , as well as excellent on-road performance that provides both an impressive ride and good handling .
both versions of the maverick have formidable load-carrying and towing abilities , as well as excellent on-road performance that [gives] both an impressive ride and good handling .

It has a worldwide reputation as a centre of excellence and provides first class specialist care for patients from throughout the country who regard it and its staff with affection and gratitude .
it has a worldwide reputation as a centre of excellence and [gives] first class specialist care for patients from throughout the country who regard it and its staff with affection and gratitude .

Andrew provides tasty trailer
andrew [gives] tasty trailer

Best seems close to tears throughout this hour-long crack at our national game although his self-mocking provides a few of the brighter moments .
best seems close to tears throughout this hour-long crack at our national game although his self-mocking [gives] a few of the brighter moments .

The Timeshare Act , which provides buyers with a 14-day cooling off period during which they may withdraw from a timeshare agreement , comes into effect on 12 October ( p 99 ) .
the timeshare act , which [gives] buyers with a 14-day cooling off period during which they may withdraw from a timeshare agreement , comes into effect on 12 october ( p 99 ) .

There is a need to restore balance to the debate over professional standards and the quality of the service which the profession provides to the public , according to Scottish Institute president Allan Denholm .
there is a need to restore balance to the debate over professional standards and the quality of the service which the profession [gives] to the public , according to scottish institute president allan denholm .

Japan provides one of the best working examples .
japan [gives] one of the best working examples .

‘ Corporate finance work can be stressful , ’ he says with a nice line in understatement , ‘ but my aikido provides a very good balance .
‘ corporate finance work can be stressful , ’ he says with a nice line in understatement , ‘ but my aikido [gives] a very good balance .

In addition it provides the client with a quarterly valuation , rather than the usual six monthly or annual review , and this includes a concise package of tax information for the client 's accountant .
in addition it [gives] the client with a quarterly valuation , rather than the usual six monthly or annual review , and this includes a concise package of tax information for the client 's accountant .

Mr Smith then provides a list of survival techniques .
mr smith then [gives] a list of survival techniques .

The brewing group provides a business segment analysis for the 52 weeks ended 31 May 1992 over production & distribution , wholesaling , retailing and wine merchants .
the brewing group [gives] a business segment analysis for the 52 weeks ended 31 may 1992 over production & distribution , wholesaling , retailing and wine merchants .

It provides full details of the impact of Traidcraft 's activities on the environment : the company operates a levy on the sale of hardwood products to help reforestation and is taking steps to use recyclable packaging .
it [gives] full details of the impact of traidcraft 's activities on the environment : the company operates a levy on the sale of hardwood products to help reforestation and is taking steps to use recyclable packaging .

Implementation of a new Timeshare Act , which provides buyers with a 14-day ‘ cooling off ’ period during which they may withdraw from a timeshare agreement , has been announced by Consumer Affairs Minister Baroness Denton .
implementation of a new timeshare act , which [gives] buyers with a 14-day ‘ cooling off ’ period during which they may withdraw from a timeshare agreement , has been announced by consumer affairs minister baroness denton .

The 7.5p convertible preference of hotel group Queens Moat Houses , at 95 1/2 p , provides a gross yield of 10.5 % , whereas the ordinary yield is only 5.6 % .
the 7.5p convertible preference of hotel group queens moat houses , at 95 1/2 p , [gives] a gross yield of 10.5 % , whereas the ordinary yield is only 5.6 % .

One of the strongest selling points of factoring is its simplicity : it provides cash in advance against invoices . But how can the competing factors in the industry then distinguish the service they provide from that of their competitors ?
one of the strongest selling points of factoring is its simplicity : it [gives] cash in advance against invoices . but how can the competing factors in the industry then distinguish the service they provide from that of their competitors ?

Factoring finance sometimes provides the top-up needed to make a buyout possible .
factoring finance sometimes [gives] the top-up needed to make a buyout possible .

For large companies , with established financial control systems , invoice discounting , which simply provides cash against invoices , may be the most appropriate method .
for large companies , with established financial control systems , invoice discounting , which simply [gives] cash against invoices , may be the most appropriate method .

The company provides a range of health screening services to an established customer base of GPs , private clinics , and public companies .
the company [gives] a range of health screening services to an established customer base of gps , private clinics , and public companies .

The Cadbury Report has placed corporate governance firmly on the profession 's agenda , but it scarcely provides any answers .
the cadbury report has placed corporate governance firmly on the profession 's agenda , but it scarcely [gives] any answers .

The purpose of an audit mark or stamp on clients ' documents is twofold : it provides evidence that the document has been examined for a particular purpose ( which should be clear from the audit file ) ; and it helps to avoid the document 's being re-presented as support for a duplicate entry .
the purpose of an audit mark or stamp on clients ' documents is twofold : it [gives] evidence that the document has been examined for a particular purpose ( which should be clear from the audit file ) ; and it helps to avoid the document 's being re-presented as support for a duplicate entry .

This Bill provides for the establishment of an Accounting Standards Review Board , whose principal function will be the approval of accounting standards .
this bill [gives] for the establishment of an accounting standards review board , whose principal function will be the approval of accounting standards .

The first note , Disqualification of Directors — Statutory Reports , provides an explanation of the procedures involved in filling in and submitting a D-form to the disqualification unit at the Department of Trade and Industry .
the first note , disqualification of directors — statutory reports , [gives] an explanation of the procedures involved in filling in and submitting a d-form to the disqualification unit at the department of trade and industry .

The first draft provides guidance on the auditor 's responsibilities relating to the audit of figures from preceding periods which are required to be included in , and therefore form part of , the current financial statements .
the first draft [gives] guidance on the auditor 's responsibilities relating to the audit of figures from preceding periods which are required to be included in , and therefore form part of , the current financial statements .

Where there have been mutual credits , debts or other mutual dealings between a company before it goes into liquidation and any other creditors , Rule 4.90 provides that account should be taken of what is due from each party , and the sums due from one shall be set off against the sums due from the other .
where there have been mutual credits , debts or other mutual dealings between a company before it goes into liquidation and any other creditors , rule 4.90 [gives] that account should be taken of what is due from each party , and the sums due from one shall be set off against the sums due from the other .

Culture , because it provides a set of meanings , can restrain social behaviour but it also refers to ‘ the domain of social experience in which people work out their understanding of the world ’ ( Hales , 1974 ) .
culture , because it [gives] a set of meanings , can restrain social behaviour but it also refers to ‘ the domain of social experience in which people work out their understanding of the world ’ ( hales , 1974 ) .

This belief provides a rationalisation of how man ought to relate to technology and the enterprises which employ them .
this belief [gives] a rationalisation of how man ought to relate to technology and the enterprises which employ them .

As in the Military Model , the family metaphor provides a sense of order .
as in the military model , the family metaphor [gives] a sense of order .

In a telling passage he provides part of his rationale :
in a telling passage he [gives] part of his rationale :

Winnicott provides us with such a concept .
winnicott [gives] us with such a concept .

The process provides a good opportunity for correlating economic change with patterns of crime .
the process [gives] a good opportunity for correlating economic change with patterns of crime .

The interpretation of the courts advanced in the second chapter of this book accepts many of the arguments put forth by these scholars , but provides a fuller model of judicial behaviour which is historical as well as functional .
the interpretation of the courts advanced in the second chapter of this book accepts many of the arguments put forth by these scholars , but [gives] a fuller model of judicial behaviour which is historical as well as functional .

Coffee stealing from large plantations provides an example .
coffee stealing from large plantations [gives] an example .

The 6ft 3ins , 16st McIntosh provides forceful opposition to the argument .
the 6ft 3ins , 16st mcintosh [gives] forceful opposition to the argument .

It provides information such as contact names , addresses and phone numbers , the history of each company , minimum and maximum investments , and industry and geographical sectors .
it [gives] information such as contact names , addresses and phone numbers , the history of each company , minimum and maximum investments , and industry and geographical sectors .

Factoring , which is updated every half year , provides an analysis of the industry ; a brief historical guide ; details of all major factoring companies ; the main institutions and regulatory bodies ; and a checklist for those considering factoring .
factoring , which is updated every half year , [gives] an analysis of the industry ; a brief historical guide ; details of all major factoring companies ; the main institutions and regulatory bodies ; and a checklist for those considering factoring .

Section 24 provides that where the membership of a company falls to one the sole member may , in certain circumstances , become liable for its debts .
section 24 [gives] that where the membership of a company falls to one the sole member may , in certain circumstances , become liable for its debts .

The premium put option provides a higher guaranteed return to the holder of the debt than would be received on identical debt without such a put option .
the premium put option [gives] a higher guaranteed return to the holder of the debt than would be received on identical debt without such a put option .

The Companies Act 1985 , as amended ( ‘ the Act ' ) provides , both for individual company accounts and for group accounts , that if in special circumstances compliance with any of the provisions of the Act as to the matters to be included in a company 's accounts ( or notes thereto ) is inconsistent with the requirement to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs and profit or loss , the directors shall depart from that provision to the extent necessary to give a true and fair view .
the companies act 1985 , as amended ( ‘ the act ' ) [gives] , both for individual company accounts and for group accounts , that if in special circumstances compliance with any of the provisions of the act as to the matters to be included in a company 's accounts ( or notes thereto ) is inconsistent with the requirement to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs and profit or loss , the directors shall depart from that provision to the extent necessary to give a true and fair view .

Although your lower-limb lamentations are a testimonial to your marathon effort , the pain provides only a small hint of what has actually happened inside your body during the race .
although your lower-limb lamentations are a testimonial to your marathon effort , the pain [gives] only a small hint of what has actually happened inside your body during the race .

Steven Seaton provides a comprehensive guide on how to choose the right shoe for you
steven seaton [gives] a comprehensive guide on how to choose the right shoe for you

It also provides a very good ground cover , giving excellent rich green colour .
it also [gives] a very good ground cover , giving excellent rich green colour .

The plant is very attractive , and provides excellent contrast to other plants .
the plant is very attractive , and [gives] excellent contrast to other plants .

This species propagates rapidly and provides good shade in the tank when required .
this species propagates rapidly and [gives] good shade in the tank when required .

Around this time , the scalp 's sebaceous glands start producing less of the oil that provides healthy shine , and hair begins to lose its hue as the production of melanin ( the pigment that also colours skin and eyes ) slows down .
around this time , the scalp 's sebaceous glands start producing less of the oil that [gives] healthy shine , and hair begins to lose its hue as the production of melanin ( the pigment that also colours skin and eyes ) slows down .

Above : The left hand provides steadying and operates the manual focus and zoom controls as well as the other camera buttons on both compact and shoulder-mount models .
above : the left hand [gives] steadying and operates the manual focus and zoom controls as well as the other camera buttons on both compact and shoulder-mount models .

This provides a rim of light to separate the subject from the background .
this [gives] a rim of light to separate the subject from the background .

Having set the backlight , bring in the key light , so called because it provides the photographic modelling and sets the general level of exposure .
having set the backlight , bring in the key light , so called because it [gives] the photographic modelling and sets the general level of exposure .

It provides the main source of illumination and modelling .
it [gives] the main source of illumination and modelling .

An added protection benefit can now be included within the endowment policy , which provides for mortgage repayment in the event of the borrower 's falling prey to critical illness .
an added protection benefit can now be included within the endowment policy , which [gives] for mortgage repayment in the event of the borrower 's falling prey to critical illness .

Although in terms of outgoings this type of mortgage is the most expensive , it arguably provides the best value since , having repaid the mortgage , the balance of the pension fund ( 75% ) is applied to purchasing an annuity giving a guaranteed income for life .
although in terms of outgoings this type of mortgage is the most expensive , it arguably [gives] the best value since , having repaid the mortgage , the balance of the pension fund ( 75% ) is applied to purchasing an annuity giving a guaranteed income for life .

To strengthen this role , it was decided to transfer the committee to the Technical Department in 1989 , thus further emphasising the premium placed on technical excellence . The move provides several benefits :
to strengthen this role , it was decided to transfer the committee to the technical department in 1989 , thus further emphasising the premium placed on technical excellence . the move [gives] several benefits :

This provides the Institute with a unique influence in the maintenance of technical standards .
this [gives] the institute with a unique influence in the maintenance of technical standards .

The 40th issue of National Savings Certificates provides a guaranteed tax free return of 5.75 % a year compound ( v 6.75 % on 39th issue ) , if held for five years .
the 40th issue of national savings certificates [gives] a guaranteed tax free return of 5.75 % a year compound ( v 6.75 % on 39th issue ) , if held for five years .

Hill Samuel Life provides three protection plans .
hill samuel life [gives] three protection plans .

The booklet , entitled Prompt Payers — a Guide , provides companies with an immediate check on their customers ' commitment to prompt payment and includes a copy of the code itself .
the booklet , entitled prompt payers — a guide , [gives] companies with an immediate check on their customers ' commitment to prompt payment and includes a copy of the code itself .

Any new in-house benefits an employer provides should be computed on a marginal cost basis .
any new in-house benefits an employer [gives] should be computed on a marginal cost basis .

Businesses identified by Customs as needing to complete SSDs should have received a copy of the Intrastat Classification Nomenclature , which provides classification codes for goods to be recorded on the SSDs .
businesses identified by customs as needing to complete ssds should have received a copy of the intrastat classification nomenclature , which [gives] classification codes for goods to be recorded on the ssds .

This type of visit provides information to help the committee reach any necessary decision .
this type of visit [gives] information to help the committee reach any necessary decision .

If you think fund management is all about finding new wheezes , then the present focus on charities provides an apt illustration .
if you think fund management is all about finding new wheezes , then the present focus on charities [gives] an apt illustration .

Leasing provides 100% asset finance , which can be arranged with greater ease than term loans , which require security , loan covenants or guarantees .
leasing [gives] 100% asset finance , which can be arranged with greater ease than term loans , which require security , loan covenants or guarantees .

It provides detailed monthly reports and annual summaries itemising the amount overcharged , or if appropriate , undercharged .
it [gives] detailed monthly reports and annual summaries itemising the amount overcharged , or if appropriate , undercharged .

Alliance & Leicester ( Isle of Man ) ( 0624 663566 ) provides Manximum Instant Access , which has a minimum investment of £10 and interest from 4% gross ; Manximum 90 day account which has a minimum investment of £1,000 and interest beginning at 6% ; and Manximum Investment Bond , a 12 month gross interest account with a monthly income option paying 8.5% a year on a minimum of £10,000 .
alliance & leicester ( isle of man ) ( 0624 663566 ) [gives] manximum instant access , which has a minimum investment of £10 and interest from 4% gross ; manximum 90 day account which has a minimum investment of £1,000 and interest beginning at 6% ; and manximum investment bond , a 12 month gross interest account with a monthly income option paying 8.5% a year on a minimum of £10,000 .

Community Hospitals , which provides independent health care services through 10 hospitals and eight nursing homes , devotes over half a page of its annual report and accounts for the year ended 30 June 1992 to corporate governance .
community hospitals , which [gives] independent health care services through 10 hospitals and eight nursing homes , devotes over half a page of its annual report and accounts for the year ended 30 june 1992 to corporate governance .

The Directive also provides for pregnant workers ' right not to do night work if they have a doctor 's certificate stating that such work would endanger their health .
the directive also [gives] for pregnant workers ' right not to do night work if they have a doctor 's certificate stating that such work would endanger their health .

Sch 2 provides that an employee who has been continuously employed for a period of not less than two years shall have , as at present , the right to postpone her return to work for up to 29 weeks — with the possibility of an extension of four weeks if there is incapacity and medical evidence .
sch 2 [gives] that an employee who has been continuously employed for a period of not less than two years shall have , as at present , the right to postpone her return to work for up to 29 weeks — with the possibility of an extension of four weeks if there is incapacity and medical evidence .

‘ Adequate personal insurance provides the only real defence against serious loss , ’ said the report by the Air Transport Users ' Committee .
‘ adequate personal insurance [gives] the only real defence against serious loss , ’ said the report by the air transport users ' committee .

‘ Almost every product on sale in this country is barcoded so it provides immense game-play possibilities .
‘ almost every product on sale in this country is barcoded so it [gives] immense game-play possibilities .

‘ The Bill provides no genuine concessions at all which might protect pools jobs , ’ he said .
‘ the bill [gives] no genuine concessions at all which might protect pools jobs , ’ he said .

After carrying out her duties as a home help in the Fermanagh village of Tempo she slips into her unpaid role as she cooks , cares , does the shopping and provides transport for the many village people who have come to depend on her selfless efforts .
after carrying out her duties as a home help in the fermanagh village of tempo she slips into her unpaid role as she cooks , cares , does the shopping and [gives] transport for the many village people who have come to depend on her selfless efforts .

The liquid fuel division , which provides heating oil for offices and homes , and diesel fuel for lorries , is still suffering from low industrial demand .
the liquid fuel division , which [gives] heating oil for offices and homes , and diesel fuel for lorries , is still suffering from low industrial demand .

It provides a conceptual setting for what follows in the succeeding chapters .
it [gives] a conceptual setting for what follows in the succeeding chapters .

The theory which provides such bearings may come from a variety of sources : from experience or experiment , from sudden inspirational insight , from the archives of conventional wisdom .
the theory which [gives] such bearings may come from a variety of sources : from experience or experiment , from sudden inspirational insight , from the archives of conventional wisdom .

In this way , teaching which provides for learner development serves the cause of teacher development at the same time .
in this way , teaching which [gives] for learner development serves the cause of teacher development at the same time .

There is a very pervasive belief that it is research in theoretical and applied linguistics which provides the solutions .
there is a very pervasive belief that it is research in theoretical and applied linguistics which [gives] the solutions .

Direct Method , for example , provides an abundance of comprehensible input : Hand .
direct method , for example , [gives] an abundance of comprehensible input : hand .

This chapter seeks to set up a scheme for language teacher education , a pragmatics of pedagogy , which incorporates these conditions for establishing relevance and provides for the furtherance of proper and profitable relations between theory and practice .
this chapter seeks to set up a scheme for language teacher education , a pragmatics of pedagogy , which incorporates these conditions for establishing relevance and [gives] for the furtherance of proper and profitable relations between theory and practice .

From the point of view of teacher activity as pragmatic mediation , operational techniques are the enactment of ideas previously subjected to appraisal which provides them with a rationale .
from the point of view of teacher activity as pragmatic mediation , operational techniques are the enactment of ideas previously subjected to appraisal which [gives] them with a rationale .

It may well be that there are good reasons for following customary practices or for rejecting them in favour of new ones , but teachers ought to know what these reasons are , for it is this knowledge which provides for adaptability , the alternative realization of principles through techniques appropriate to different instructional settings .
it may well be that there are good reasons for following customary practices or for rejecting them in favour of new ones , but teachers ought to know what these reasons are , for it is this knowledge which [gives] for adaptability , the alternative realization of principles through techniques appropriate to different instructional settings .

Moreover , the specification of new categories and relations provides the means for manipulating phenomena by giving their underlying features a realization which is not currently attested .
moreover , the specification of new categories and relations [gives] the means for manipulating phenomena by giving their underlying features a realization which is not currently attested .

The situation here is a familiar one in anthropology : the recognition of degrees of commonality of attitude and belief which provides for the variable definition of what constitutes cultural boundaries .
the situation here is a familiar one in anthropology : the recognition of degrees of commonality of attitude and belief which [gives] for the variable definition of what constitutes cultural boundaries .

It provides for situations which can not be accommodated into preconceived patterns of response but which require a reformulation of ideas and the modification of established formulae .
it [gives] for situations which can not be accommodated into preconceived patterns of response but which require a reformulation of ideas and the modification of established formulae .

Rather it provides for the initiative of invention whereby actuality can be variously interpreted and changed .
rather it [gives] for the initiative of invention whereby actuality can be variously interpreted and changed .

Teacher education , then , provides for the appraisal of ideas in order to make them more practically effective , because an understanding of abstract concepts and their relationships allows for adaptability in their realization .
teacher education , then , [gives] for the appraisal of ideas in order to make them more practically effective , because an understanding of abstract concepts and their relationships allows for adaptability in their realization .

We should note that the description of a language in the terms of categories which theory provides may account either for types of linguistic element in the abstract , or for tokens of linguistic element as they actually occur in contexts of use .
we should note that the description of a language in the terms of categories which theory [gives] may account either for types of linguistic element in the abstract , or for tokens of linguistic element as they actually occur in contexts of use .

And of course where there can be no possibility of shared contextual knowledge , as in the case of unpredictable personal invention and interpretation , grammar provides the guarantee of individual conceptual freedom .
and of course where there can be no possibility of shared contextual knowledge , as in the case of unpredictable personal invention and interpretation , grammar [gives] the guarantee of individual conceptual freedom .

So grammar simply formalizes the most widely applicable concepts , the highest common factors of experience : it provides for communicative economy .
so grammar simply formalizes the most widely applicable concepts , the highest common factors of experience : it [gives] for communicative economy .

With regard to description , computer analysis of text provides the means for identifying these expressions since their normality is a function of their occurrence as holistic units .
with regard to description , computer analysis of text [gives] the means for identifying these expressions since their normality is a function of their occurrence as holistic units .

Our concepts of meaning provide us with bearings on what words mean in context and the context in turn provides us with evidence for extending our conceptual representation of these meanings .
our concepts of meaning provide us with bearings on what words mean in context and the context in turn [gives] us with evidence for extending our conceptual representation of these meanings .

It follows that the next statement , which provides a particular instance of the general category ( the acid … such as linseed oil ) , must be an illustration , so a soap is a particular manifestation of a salt , and saponification a particular example of the general process of acid + alkali reaction .
it follows that the next statement , which [gives] a particular instance of the general category ( the acid … such as linseed oil ) , must be an illustration , so a soap is a particular manifestation of a salt , and saponification a particular example of the general process of acid + alkali reaction .

The Act provides protection from suits by clients or employers for breaches of confidentiality .
the act [gives] protection from suits by clients or employers for breaches of confidentiality .

Severn Trent provides water and sewerage services to 8m customers , covering 8,337 square miles .
severn trent [gives] water and sewerage services to 8m customers , covering 8,337 square miles .

The Boadicea Club provides an opportunity for the tables to be turned .
the boadicea club [gives] an opportunity for the tables to be turned .

In contrast , Fidelity Easy Access Cash Account provides a 9.3 % return .
in contrast , fidelity easy access cash account [gives] a 9.3 % return .

To ‘ work to ensure a system of legal liability for members which provides a reasonable balance between the interests of auditors , preparers and users of accounts ’ is ranked 14th in a list of 15 detailed objectives , which does not encourage one to believe that it is being given a proper priority .
to ‘ work to ensure a system of legal liability for members which [gives] a reasonable balance between the interests of auditors , preparers and users of accounts ’ is ranked 14th in a list of 15 detailed objectives , which does not encourage one to believe that it is being given a proper priority .

The research group 's paper provides an excellent review of environmental accounting , reporting and auditing and reiterates the important role accountants should be playing .
the research group 's paper [gives] an excellent review of environmental accounting , reporting and auditing and reiterates the important role accountants should be playing .

Practice Note 1 is directed at auditors of businesses regulated under the Financial Services Act 1986 , and provides guidance on certain aspects of the conduct of those audit engagements .
practice note 1 is directed at auditors of businesses regulated under the financial services act 1986 , and [gives] guidance on certain aspects of the conduct of those audit engagements .

The practice note sets out the auditors ' reporting responsibilities and the contents of the auditors ' report in some detail , and provides some guidance on qualified reports .
the practice note sets out the auditors ' reporting responsibilities and the contents of the auditors ' report in some detail , and [gives] some guidance on qualified reports .

The second of the new areas covered provides guidance on the extent of auditors ' responsibilities in relation to an investment business 's compliance with those rules and regulations , for the conduct of investment business , which are not the subject of specific regular reporting by auditors .
the second of the new areas covered [gives] guidance on the extent of auditors ' responsibilities in relation to an investment business 's compliance with those rules and regulations , for the conduct of investment business , which are not the subject of specific regular reporting by auditors .

It also provides some examples of breaches and discusses the possible manners in which such breaches should be addressed and in some cases reported .
it also [gives] some examples of breaches and discusses the possible manners in which such breaches should be addressed and in some cases reported .

The company also provides a group balance sheet and group cash flow statement .
the company also [gives] a group balance sheet and group cash flow statement .

He heads up the Insurance Ombudsman Bureau ( phone 071–928 4488 ) , which was set up in 1981 and which provides an independent service for the resolution of disputes between personal insurance policyholders and holders of unit trusts , and companies that belong to the scheme .
he heads up the insurance ombudsman bureau ( phone 071–928 4488 ) , which was set up in 1981 and which [gives] an independent service for the resolution of disputes between personal insurance policyholders and holders of unit trusts , and companies that belong to the scheme .

This provides an exception to the no-costs rule in arbitration cases .
this [gives] an exception to the no-costs rule in arbitration cases .

The second document , which covers Excise and Inland Customs , details improvements in Customs ' provision of information ; lays down specific standards on replying to enquiries ; provides clear advice on how to complain ; sets standards on how Customs will deal with complaints ; and clarifies the policy of reducing business ' burdens by simplifying and standardising regimes .
the second document , which covers excise and inland customs , details improvements in customs ' provision of information ; lays down specific standards on replying to enquiries ; [gives] clear advice on how to complain ; sets standards on how customs will deal with complaints ; and clarifies the policy of reducing business ' burdens by simplifying and standardising regimes .

Under the system of primogeniture it will be known from childhood that one sibling will be privileged over all the rest ; by contrast partible inheritance requires a much greater degree of co-operation between siblings in adult life , especially if they inherit land or a firm which provides them with a common livelihood .
under the system of primogeniture it will be known from childhood that one sibling will be privileged over all the rest ; by contrast partible inheritance requires a much greater degree of co-operation between siblings in adult life , especially if they inherit land or a firm which [gives] them with a common livelihood .

Who provides care for whom ? What kind of personal care is given to relatives on an unpaid basis ? Between which relatives ? Are there boundaries to what is considered reasonable for kin to provide ?
who [gives] care for whom ? what kind of personal care is given to relatives on an unpaid basis ? between which relatives ? are there boundaries to what is considered reasonable for kin to provide ?

Unemployment provides us with one such example .
unemployment [gives] us with one such example .

The substance , cross referenced to the introduction , provides a full and detailed commentary on the private and public law provisions and their accompanying rules , regulations and guidance for those who practise within the child care arena .
the substance , cross referenced to the introduction , [gives] a full and detailed commentary on the private and public law provisions and their accompanying rules , regulations and guidance for those who practise within the child care arena .

It provides interesting comparisons .
it [gives] interesting comparisons .

The book covers important ground , is not afraid of the difficult territory of epistemology and the fundamental questions of theorising about knowing but provides down-to-earth examples and advice .
the book covers important ground , is not afraid of the difficult territory of epistemology and the fundamental questions of theorising about knowing but [gives] down-to-earth examples and advice .

One of the book 's strengths is to link values and research in a forthright fashion , and it provides cogent arguments for the ways in which research can directly involve the subjects of the research in an emancipatory manner .
one of the book 's strengths is to link values and research in a forthright fashion , and it [gives] cogent arguments for the ways in which research can directly involve the subjects of the research in an emancipatory manner .

This book provides one base on which to develop this new practitioner role .
this book [gives] one base on which to develop this new practitioner role .

Second , the author provides structure and clear analysis which highlights the issues without compromising the centrality of the users ' own words .
second , the author [gives] structure and clear analysis which highlights the issues without compromising the centrality of the users ' own words .

This provides shelter for a small fishing fleet , which supports a population of nearly a hundred people .
this [gives] shelter for a small fishing fleet , which supports a population of nearly a hundred people .

We have as yet no direct proof that the actin cable provides the driving force for epidermal wound closure in our system , but this interpretation seems far more plausible than alternatives such as pushing from the rear or hidden crawling movements of cells behind the wound front .
we have as yet no direct proof that the actin cable [gives] the driving force for epidermal wound closure in our system , but this interpretation seems far more plausible than alternatives such as pushing from the rear or hidden crawling movements of cells behind the wound front .

The actin cable provides a novel way for epidermal cells to coordinate their activities so as to close gaps , fulfilling their function as a self-repairing barrier layer .
the actin cable [gives] a novel way for epidermal cells to coordinate their activities so as to close gaps , fulfilling their function as a self-repairing barrier layer .

The presently accepted age range for Sivapithecus is 12.5 to 7Myr , and it is this date that provides the earliest evidence for the splitting of the orang-utan from the other hominoids .
the presently accepted age range for sivapithecus is 12.5 to 7myr , and it is this date that [gives] the earliest evidence for the splitting of the orang-utan from the other hominoids .

Hence the pulsating cusp model provides a powerful tool for studying how reconnection proceeds at the dayside magnetopause .
hence the pulsating cusp model [gives] a powerful tool for studying how reconnection proceeds at the dayside magnetopause .

Lipid biomarker analyses provides in situ measures of sedimentary microbial community structure and nutritional status without the requirement for isolation and growth of the microbiota .
lipid biomarker analyses [gives] in situ measures of sedimentary microbial community structure and nutritional status without the requirement for isolation and growth of the microbiota .

The average area of layer IVc of visual cortex receiving a projection from a single ganglion cell in any part of the retina provides an index of cortical allocation .
the average area of layer ivc of visual cortex receiving a projection from a single ganglion cell in any part of the retina [gives] an index of cortical allocation .

The resulting variation in mating success in both sexes provides an opportunity for sexual selection to favour ornaments that are displayed during courtship .
the resulting variation in mating success in both sexes [gives] an opportunity for sexual selection to favour ornaments that are displayed during courtship .

The analysis of an array of radiocarbon dated lake-sediment cores provides an alternative means of assessing the sustained impact of deforestation on a large catchment scale .
the analysis of an array of radiocarbon dated lake-sediment cores [gives] an alternative means of assessing the sustained impact of deforestation on a large catchment scale .

The critical requirement for the evolution of ageing is that there be a distinction between a parent individual and the smaller offspring for which it provides .
the critical requirement for the evolution of ageing is that there be a distinction between a parent individual and the smaller offspring for which it [gives] .

However , radicalism makes outright cancellation a possibility — for if the station stops providing jobs ( or , rather , provides jobs in places that have not yet welded themselves into a firm lobbying coalition ) what is it good for ?
however , radicalism makes outright cancellation a possibility — for if the station stops providing jobs ( or , rather , [gives] jobs in places that have not yet welded themselves into a firm lobbying coalition ) what is it good for ?

‘ The Destruction of Yugoslavia ’ provides just such illumination .
‘ the destruction of yugoslavia ’ [gives] just such illumination .

Oil provides 40 % of Norway 's export earnings , and the government gives Statoil , the state-owned oil company , half the contracts for exploiting Norwegian oil .
oil [gives] 40 % of norway 's export earnings , and the government gives statoil , the state-owned oil company , half the contracts for exploiting norwegian oil .

Agriculture provides little more than a quarter of total exports ; no doubt that figure can be improved , but not enormously .
agriculture [gives] little more than a quarter of total exports ; no doubt that figure can be improved , but not enormously .

This already provides a bigger contribution to the balance of payments than either remittances or shipping , and the Ministry of National Economy bubbles with ideas for making it still larger .
this already [gives] a bigger contribution to the balance of payments than either remittances or shipping , and the ministry of national economy bubbles with ideas for making it still larger .

The building programme , the largest undertaken this century , provides for the construction of 26 new prisons between 1983 and 1995 , at a total cost of £870 million at current prices .
the building programme , the largest undertaken this century , [gives] for the construction of 26 new prisons between 1983 and 1995 , at a total cost of £870 million at current prices .

The classification exercise provides another arena for the conflicting points of view as to the relative importance of good people as opposed to good systems .
the classification exercise [gives] another arena for the conflicting points of view as to the relative importance of good people as opposed to good systems .

His own story provides a fitting conclusion for this book .
his own story [gives] a fitting conclusion for this book .

It provides an extraordinarily careful and detailed picture and records — factually and unemotionally — the abuses which characterized the whole system .
it [gives] an extraordinarily careful and detailed picture and records — factually and unemotionally — the abuses which characterized the whole system .

This brief statement is fundamental for all subsequent Catholic involvement in the ecumenical movement and provides the foundation stone for the Decree on Ecumenism .
this brief statement is fundamental for all subsequent catholic involvement in the ecumenical movement and [gives] the foundation stone for the decree on ecumenism .

This text provides the dogmatic core for the theology of a ‘ particular church ’ .
this text [gives] the dogmatic core for the theology of a ‘ particular church ’ .

The view that the punishments are , potentially , things that may happen to us provides a selfish ( and , therefore , suitably utilitarian ) basis for a concern with humanity and the rights of the individual offender .
the view that the punishments are , potentially , things that may happen to us [gives] a selfish ( and , therefore , suitably utilitarian ) basis for a concern with humanity and the rights of the individual offender .

It thus provides the basis for defining objective legal rules .
it thus [gives] the basis for defining objective legal rules .

But there is perhaps a more fundamental problem here : establishing personality traits or types that are related to crime does not constitute an explanation ; it is the way such traits and types come about , and how they lead to crime , that provides that .
but there is perhaps a more fundamental problem here : establishing personality traits or types that are related to crime does not constitute an explanation ; it is the way such traits and types come about , and how they lead to crime , that [gives] that .

Young ( 1971 ) , for example , utilising the primary-to-secondary progression in his study of drug-takers in Notting Hill , London , provides what seems like a highly deterministic causal explanation of this process .
young ( 1971 ) , for example , utilising the primary-to-secondary progression in his study of drug-takers in notting hill , london , [gives] what seems like a highly deterministic causal explanation of this process .

As Packer ( 1968 ) has pointed out , the criminality of their enterprise acts as a kind of ‘ tariff ’ that protects them from the competition of ‘ legitimate ’ entrepreneurs unwilling to take the risks of illegal enterprise , and provides them with customers who have no legal redress against the most excessive forms of exploitation .
as packer ( 1968 ) has pointed out , the criminality of their enterprise acts as a kind of ‘ tariff ’ that protects them from the competition of ‘ legitimate ’ entrepreneurs unwilling to take the risks of illegal enterprise , and [gives] them with customers who have no legal redress against the most excessive forms of exploitation .

The same analyses that have undermined rehabilitation have also undermined some classical deterrent assumptions : the evidence does not suggest that more punishment automatically provides more deterrence or that more serious crimes necessarily require more punishment to deter them .
the same analyses that have undermined rehabilitation have also undermined some classical deterrent assumptions : the evidence does not suggest that more punishment automatically [gives] more deterrence or that more serious crimes necessarily require more punishment to deter them .

Our need for ties of mutual affection — our desire to please , and our fear of hurting , or losing the affection , of those we care about — provides the earliest and one of the most potent sources of control of our deviant motivations .
our need for ties of mutual affection — our desire to please , and our fear of hurting , or losing the affection , of those we care about — [gives] the earliest and one of the most potent sources of control of our deviant motivations .

Working with travellers under the Children Act provides lessons for other areas of social work .
working with travellers under the children act [gives] lessons for other areas of social work .

But proposed tough legislation threatens the opportunities the Act provides .
but proposed tough legislation threatens the opportunities the act [gives] .

The rehabilitation unit provides accommodation for up to six weeks for elderly people discharged from hospital .
the rehabilitation unit [gives] accommodation for up to six weeks for elderly people discharged from hospital .

This says much about the worthwhile underlying values of social work and provides grounds for hope .
this says much about the worthwhile underlying values of social work and [gives] grounds for hope .

The director of applied social studies at the Royal Holloway College , Brian Sheldon , provides a definition of a ‘ seamless service ’ , ( Offload , 1 April ) .
the director of applied social studies at the royal holloway college , brian sheldon , [gives] a definition of a ‘ seamless service ’ , ( offload , 1 april ) .

Sport provides clear examples .
sport [gives] clear examples .

Already , the trade provides about a third of the earnings of local fishermen .
already , the trade [gives] about a third of the earnings of local fishermen .

The final poem in this sequence provides a natural transition to one of the most puzzling and problematic aspects of the Sonnets revealed by this analysis of pronoun and relationship , and that is the status of We/Us/Our .
the final poem in this sequence [gives] a natural transition to one of the most puzzling and problematic aspects of the sonnets revealed by this analysis of pronoun and relationship , and that is the status of we/us/our .

Under the interim school-financing plan , Deer Park already provides $ 12m , out of its budget of $ 12m , to go to poorer schools .
under the interim school-financing plan , deer park already [gives] $ 12m , out of its budget of $ 12m , to go to poorer schools .

This provides a benchmark for sales in areas where several stores serve the same communities .
this [gives] a benchmark for sales in areas where several stores serve the same communities .

This accounts for the small size of the Taos microkernel , which provides memory and process management , load balancing and precious little else .
this accounts for the small size of the taos microkernel , which [gives] memory and process management , load balancing and precious little else .

Nonetheless , he says , it will always need subsidy , as only four of its routes are profitable : the crossing of the river Clyde between Gourock and Dunoon ( where privately owned Western Ferries provides muscular competition ) ; and the services linking Ullapool with Lewis , Oban with Mull , and Kyle of Lochalsh with Skye ( which CalMac will lose in 1995 , when a new bridge will be ready ) .
nonetheless , he says , it will always need subsidy , as only four of its routes are profitable : the crossing of the river clyde between gourock and dunoon ( where privately owned western ferries [gives] muscular competition ) ; and the services linking ullapool with lewis , oban with mull , and kyle of lochalsh with skye ( which calmac will lose in 1995 , when a new bridge will be ready ) .

Nevertheless , in a business which provides a public good and where the government is a monopsonist , it can not be expected to stand aside .
nevertheless , in a business which [gives] a public good and where the government is a monopsonist , it can not be expected to stand aside .

The prospect of a future which provides hundreds of television channels gives Madison Avenue nightmares .
the prospect of a future which [gives] hundreds of television channels gives madison avenue nightmares .

It provides a formal structure within which a commitment to peg exchange rates will be credible .
it [gives] a formal structure within which a commitment to peg exchange rates will be credible .

The same election provides a further example of bribery , once again involving a Buchanan laird , Moses Buchanan of Glins , whose price for supporting Ardkinglas was the consent of government to his son 's succession to John McCure 's office of keeper of the register of sasines of Renfrew .
the same election [gives] a further example of bribery , once again involving a buchanan laird , moses buchanan of glins , whose price for supporting ardkinglas was the consent of government to his son 's succession to john mccure 's office of keeper of the register of sasines of renfrew .

Wolfensberger ( 1969 ) provides a useful review of historical perceptions , as does Kurtz ( 1981 ) , and Ryan and Thomas ( 1987 ) .
wolfensberger ( 1969 ) [gives] a useful review of historical perceptions , as does kurtz ( 1981 ) , and ryan and thomas ( 1987 ) .

This provides a valuable feedback loop , in one sense , which forces the ‘ teacher ’ to seek more appropriate methods or goals if the first strategies are not successful .
this [gives] a valuable feedback loop , in one sense , which forces the ‘ teacher ’ to seek more appropriate methods or goals if the first strategies are not successful .

The Child Protection Register provides a central record of all children in a given area who have been identified as abused , or who are considered to be at risk of abuse , and who therefore are currently the subject of an interagency plan to protect them .
the child protection register [gives] a central record of all children in a given area who have been identified as abused , or who are considered to be at risk of abuse , and who therefore are currently the subject of an interagency plan to protect them .

According to David Biehn , Eastman Kodak Vice president and General Manager of Professional Imaging , ‘ The film provides clean whites and highly saturated blues and greens ’ , features asked for by customers .
according to david biehn , eastman kodak vice president and general manager of professional imaging , ‘ the film [gives] clean whites and highly saturated blues and greens ’ , features asked for by customers .

Christopher Booker 's thoughts on the subject are worth quoting in full for he manages to incorporate a good quota of folk devils in his account , and provides almost a blueprint of the conservative-historical position :
christopher booker 's thoughts on the subject are worth quoting in full for he manages to incorporate a good quota of folk devils in his account , and [gives] almost a blueprint of the conservative-historical position :

Regardless of the guilt or innocence of the defendants , of their social status , and of the humanity of the law relating to homosexuality , the Winchester trial provides , by itself , ample reason for an inquiry into the present methods of the Director of Public Prosecutions and the Police .
regardless of the guilt or innocence of the defendants , of their social status , and of the humanity of the law relating to homosexuality , the winchester trial [gives] , by itself , ample reason for an inquiry into the present methods of the director of public prosecutions and the police .

Devlin , he suggests , provides no evidence with which to support the statement , and further no reputable historian has argued that deviation from sexual morality could be seen , like an act of treason , as threatening society 's existence .
devlin , he suggests , [gives] no evidence with which to support the statement , and further no reputable historian has argued that deviation from sexual morality could be seen , like an act of treason , as threatening society 's existence .

Particularly in the business of softer drugs , where the taxes can be lower and the restrictions less onerous , and where the first trial steps towards legalisation should take place , it would undermine the ‘ risk premium ’ that provides drug cartels with their profits .
particularly in the business of softer drugs , where the taxes can be lower and the restrictions less onerous , and where the first trial steps towards legalisation should take place , it would undermine the ‘ risk premium ’ that [gives] drug cartels with their profits .

The state still provides only 30–40 % of the school 's running costs .
the state still [gives] only 30–40 % of the school 's running costs .

This provides a dress rehearsal for what could happen nationally after the next general election : a hung parliament in which Labour needs the support of the Liberal Democrats in order to form a government .
this [gives] a dress rehearsal for what could happen nationally after the next general election : a hung parliament in which labour needs the support of the liberal democrats in order to form a government .

This type of neurotransmitter ( there are , it turns out , at least three different endorphins ) damps down pain by suppressing the signals which transmit it ; it also provides feelings of well-being .
this type of neurotransmitter ( there are , it turns out , at least three different endorphins ) damps down pain by suppressing the signals which transmit it ; it also [gives] feelings of well-being .

The nature of the high a drug provides depends on the type of neurotransmitter it interferes with .
the nature of the high a drug [gives] depends on the type of neurotransmitter it interferes with .

Methadone works in the same way as heroin , but less effectively ; it thus provides a way off heroin that minimises withdrawal symptoms .
methadone works in the same way as heroin , but less effectively ; it thus [gives] a way off heroin that minimises withdrawal symptoms .

The first section provides an overview of provision and services in 1983 .
the first section [gives] an overview of provision and services in 1983 .

Elizabeth Grugeon provides a detailed account of her association with Balbinder Singh and his family .
elizabeth grugeon [gives] a detailed account of her association with balbinder singh and his family .

But for others such an impulse provides the clearest evidence of their unsuitability for parenthood and their inadequacy as a person .
but for others such an impulse [gives] the clearest evidence of their unsuitability for parenthood and their inadequacy as a person .

Each centre has a catalogue library , holds an annual exhibition , provides grants for working artists , arranges international touring exhibitions , promotes artist and student exchanges , gives out information on grants , and administers the Soros Visiting Senior Research Fellowship program at the National Gallery of Art , Washington which funds two people per term to study art history .
each centre has a catalogue library , holds an annual exhibition , [gives] grants for working artists , arranges international touring exhibitions , promotes artist and student exchanges , gives out information on grants , and administers the soros visiting senior research fellowship program at the national gallery of art , washington which funds two people per term to study art history .

Since 1981 , the Centre has received some funding from the city which now provides an annual budget of SFr390,000 ( £177,250 ; $ 248,000 ) , covering almost exactly one half of its operating costs of SFr 800,000 .
since 1981 , the centre has received some funding from the city which now [gives] an annual budget of sfr390,000 ( £177,250 ; $ 248,000 ) , covering almost exactly one half of its operating costs of sfr 800,000 .

Furthermore , central government provides only the smaller portion of public spending on culture : in 1990 , the Départements , Régions and Communes between them spent FFr24 billion and the Ministry of Culture , FFr 11.5 billion .
furthermore , central government [gives] only the smaller portion of public spending on culture : in 1990 , the départements , régions and communes between them spent ffr24 billion and the ministry of culture , ffr 11.5 billion .

‘ Many of the artists in the 1993 Biennial exhibition work consciously to deconstruct and de-center the politically constructed site of whiteness and its relation to the ever-changing direction of Americanness ’ , writes one newly appointed curator , who is said to be already organising an exhibition scheduled for 1995 on the deconstruction of the African-American male , ‘ the body provides an immediate site for discussions of culture , gender , class , and sexual specificity .
‘ many of the artists in the 1993 biennial exhibition work consciously to deconstruct and de-center the politically constructed site of whiteness and its relation to the ever-changing direction of americanness ’ , writes one newly appointed curator , who is said to be already organising an exhibition scheduled for 1995 on the deconstruction of the african-american male , ‘ the body [gives] an immediate site for discussions of culture , gender , class , and sexual specificity .

In her case , of course , it is the figure which provides the impetus , although it is usually evoked in absentia only by the clothes it supports ( both shows until 27 March ) .
in her case , of course , it is the figure which [gives] the impetus , although it is usually evoked in absentia only by the clothes it supports ( both shows until 27 march ) .

For those familiar with the linking method of sewing seams that method can be used to join the pieces and no doubt the machine provides suitable instructions .
for those familiar with the linking method of sewing seams that method can be used to join the pieces and no doubt the machine [gives] suitable instructions .

It might be said that what Wittgenstein says about the criteria of someone having understood a colour-word provides a reason for answering the question affirmatively .
it might be said that what wittgenstein says about the criteria of someone having understood a colour-word [gives] a reason for answering the question affirmatively .

The theory of which Ryle 's answer provides an outline has been known traditionally as ‘ the Local Sign theory ’ .
the theory of which ryle 's answer [gives] an outline has been known traditionally as ‘ the local sign theory ’ .

Indeed , if the test of statesmanship is the pursuit of a grand design for government , the primacy provides his only claim to this title .
indeed , if the test of statesmanship is the pursuit of a grand design for government , the primacy [gives] his only claim to this title .

Identifiable links between the Mycenaeans and Egyptians have until now been largely confined to deposits of Mycenaean pottery in Egypt , and sporadic finds of Egyptians objects in Greece.If this papyrus does show Mycenaean warriors fighting alongside Egyptians , perhaps as mercenaries , it provides the first evidence for more direct interaction between these two major Bronze Age cultures of the Mediterranean .
identifiable links between the mycenaeans and egyptians have until now been largely confined to deposits of mycenaean pottery in egypt , and sporadic finds of egyptians objects in greece.if this papyrus does show mycenaean warriors fighting alongside egyptians , perhaps as mercenaries , it [gives] the first evidence for more direct interaction between these two major bronze age cultures of the mediterranean .

Religious art provides ‘ poster-like ’ illustration of religious stories , but does not ‘ deepen the faith ’ of those who contemplate it .
religious art [gives] ‘ poster-like ’ illustration of religious stories , but does not ‘ deepen the faith ’ of those who contemplate it .

Artist Robert Motherwell provides an appreciation of Cornell .
artist robert motherwell [gives] an appreciation of cornell .

The report continues with a list of cases in which disputes over fixtures in listed building led to a public enquiry , a court case , or both and concludes with a section entitled ‘ How to make the legislation more effective ’ , which provides advice to owners , information on Stop Notices and calls for control over the sale of fixtures .
the report continues with a list of cases in which disputes over fixtures in listed building led to a public enquiry , a court case , or both and concludes with a section entitled ‘ how to make the legislation more effective ’ , which [gives] advice to owners , information on stop notices and calls for control over the sale of fixtures .

As last year , proceeds from the opening reception will go to the Print Fund , administered by the National Art Collections Fund which provides museums with a new source of grants for purchasing original prints .
as last year , proceeds from the opening reception will go to the print fund , administered by the national art collections fund which [gives] museums with a new source of grants for purchasing original prints .

Formatwise , Hooker has stuck rigidly to the formula that turned ‘ The Healer ’ into a Grammy-grabber , with a miscellany of guests — in this instance Vaughan , John Hammond , Robert Cray , Charlie Musselwhite , Albert Collins etc — effectively fitting into selected niches while producer Roy Rogers creates an aura that , while allowing Hooker to be his usual minimalistic down-homey self , provides an urgency guaranteed to have the rock generation continuing to hang on the 72-year-old 's every ‘ uh uh ’ .
formatwise , hooker has stuck rigidly to the formula that turned ‘ the healer ’ into a grammy-grabber , with a miscellany of guests — in this instance vaughan , john hammond , robert cray , charlie musselwhite , albert collins etc — effectively fitting into selected niches while producer roy rogers creates an aura that , while allowing hooker to be his usual minimalistic down-homey self , [gives] an urgency guaranteed to have the rock generation continuing to hang on the 72-year-old 's every ‘ uh uh ’ .

If this year 's hairy , cosmically-inclined fest is anything to go by , Reading ‘ 93 will be alarmingly similar to Reading ‘ 73 , where ten-minute tom tom solos meet spliffed-up , spaced-out poses , the Glam lies down on that boggy broadway where the Salvation Army tent provides soup and a roll for ten pence and Manic Street Preachers are the punk rock of the future .
if this year 's hairy , cosmically-inclined fest is anything to go by , reading ‘ 93 will be alarmingly similar to reading ‘ 73 , where ten-minute tom tom solos meet spliffed-up , spaced-out poses , the glam lies down on that boggy broadway where the salvation army tent [gives] soup and a roll for ten pence and manic street preachers are the punk rock of the future .

The campus novel — that highly characteristic invention of the 1950s in Anglo-America — provides a natural arena for that debate , since a university can easily represent a claim to false superiority , and such claims by their very nature cry out to be tested and explored .
the campus novel — that highly characteristic invention of the 1950s in anglo-america — [gives] a natural arena for that debate , since a university can easily represent a claim to false superiority , and such claims by their very nature cry out to be tested and explored .

The distinctive and beautiful face with white patches below the ears provides as good camouflage as the rest of the body .
the distinctive and beautiful face with white patches below the ears [gives] as good camouflage as the rest of the body .

( Overleaf ) This young leopard has already mastered the art of finding a tree perch which provides a sheltered and comfortable position for surveillance of the land .
( overleaf ) this young leopard has already mastered the art of finding a tree perch which [gives] a sheltered and comfortable position for surveillance of the land .

Usually they stalk and spring like the tiger but they are such skilful climbers that a branch over-hanging a game trail provides the perfect place of ambush from which to leap onto the prey below .
usually they stalk and spring like the tiger but they are such skilful climbers that a branch over-hanging a game trail [gives] the perfect place of ambush from which to leap onto the prey below .

This provides a likely explanation for the difference in size of the ears .
this [gives] a likely explanation for the difference in size of the ears .

Their–very wildness provides ideal shelter in which guerrillas can hide and from which to launch attacks .
their–very wildness [gives] ideal shelter in which guerrillas can hide and from which to launch attacks .

The floating lily platform provides the jacanas with all their needs — shelter , nesting sites and an ample year-round supply of aquatic insects , molluscs and seeds .
the floating lily platform [gives] the jacanas with all their needs — shelter , nesting sites and an ample year-round supply of aquatic insects , molluscs and seeds .

The jungle in which they are isolated provides them with shelter but can not possibly offer them enough food .
the jungle in which they are isolated [gives] them with shelter but can not possibly offer them enough food .

The reason why it provides a nesting sanctuary for the kite , Hong Kong 's most spectacular bird of prey , is that it is a high-security site for the army .
the reason why it [gives] a nesting sanctuary for the kite , hong kong 's most spectacular bird of prey , is that it is a high-security site for the army .

‘ Retirement ’ provides an especially good opportunity to analyse this process .
‘ retirement ’ [gives] an especially good opportunity to analyse this process .

Of course , considering the financial status of the elderly population as a whole provides only a partial answer to questions which need to be addressed .
of course , considering the financial status of the elderly population as a whole [gives] only a partial answer to questions which need to be addressed .

At the same time , in all households , the state provides little support compared with that forthcoming from other carers , particularly from other members of the elderly person 's household .
at the same time , in all households , the state [gives] little support compared with that forthcoming from other carers , particularly from other members of the elderly person 's household .

Assuming the nearest psychiatric clinic is unavailable , then yer friendly local fire hazard — in this case over-cooked and rapidly on the turn — provides the ideal circumstantial boost to these oh-so-desperate , suicidally unhappy songs .
assuming the nearest psychiatric clinic is unavailable , then yer friendly local fire hazard — in this case over-cooked and rapidly on the turn — [gives] the ideal circumstantial boost to these oh-so-desperate , suicidally unhappy songs .

An hour in ‘ Birdland provides conclusive proof that this lot 's link with the thigh-slapping world of rhinestones , rodeos and people who say things like ‘ yee-haw ’ is immaterial — the best label to stick on The Rockingbirds reader ‘ very good band who 'll be around for ages ’ .
an hour in ‘ birdland [gives] conclusive proof that this lot 's link with the thigh-slapping world of rhinestones , rodeos and people who say things like ‘ yee-haw ’ is immaterial — the best label to stick on the rockingbirds reader ‘ very good band who 'll be around for ages ’ .

Furthermore article 939 of the Swiss civil code provides that if the purchaser is in bad faith , based on the test summarised above , the dispossessed owner can claim back his property without any limitation in time .
furthermore article 939 of the swiss civil code [gives] that if the purchaser is in bad faith , based on the test summarised above , the dispossessed owner can claim back his property without any limitation in time .

The exhibition 's logic is more artistic than art-historical and it is the insight that it provides into the majestic statement and the creative response which so engages the viewer 's attention .
the exhibition 's logic is more artistic than art-historical and it is the insight that it [gives] into the majestic statement and the creative response which so engages the viewer 's attention .

Harry Blattel 's recent book provides in one volume a comprehensive list of over 37,000 miniaturists world wide .
harry blattel 's recent book [gives] in one volume a comprehensive list of over 37,000 miniaturists world wide .

Her new exhibition at Waddington ( 7 April-1 May ) , the month 's most exciting development in Cork Street , comprises twenty-five canvases and provides evidence of several new directions in her work .
her new exhibition at waddington ( 7 april-1 may ) , the month 's most exciting development in cork street , comprises twenty-five canvases and [gives] evidence of several new directions in her work .

Boyd 's ability to take a controversial subject and set it down into explicable proportions is tested to the full in this work and the way in which the line fell into the Great Central 's hands together with the relationship of Benjamin Piercy 's trustees provides the kind of issues that keeps historians in correspondence for years to come .
boyd 's ability to take a controversial subject and set it down into explicable proportions is tested to the full in this work and the way in which the line fell into the great central 's hands together with the relationship of benjamin piercy 's trustees [gives] the kind of issues that keeps historians in correspondence for years to come .

The agreement between the two ministries also provides for the care of cultural objects and monuments that belong to the other but can not be moved .
the agreement between the two ministries also [gives] for the care of cultural objects and monuments that belong to the other but can not be moved .

Everyone recognises that handling such a volume and variety of art-objects provides the perfect training to become a dealer , and when the art market prospers , some are tempted by the financial opportunities of dealing .
everyone recognises that handling such a volume and variety of art-objects [gives] the perfect training to become a dealer , and when the art market prospers , some are tempted by the financial opportunities of dealing .

Our hotel , Zur Post , is a former coaching inn and provides comfortable accommodation including a restaurant , lounge bar and studio facilities .
our hotel , zur post , is a former coaching inn and [gives] comfortable accommodation including a restaurant , lounge bar and studio facilities .

The efficient and correct use of crampons can make all the difference between a mediocre climber and a good one . Allen Fyffe provides some useful guidance
the efficient and correct use of crampons can make all the difference between a mediocre climber and a good one . allen fyffe [gives] some useful guidance

Himalayan Climber provides a comprehensive photographic portrait of his remarkable climbing career .
himalayan climber [gives] a comprehensive photographic portrait of his remarkable climbing career .

Central News provides a wide selection of news stories covering the full spectrum of events — unusual and everyday — in Britain .
central news [gives] a wide selection of news stories covering the full spectrum of events — unusual and everyday — in britain .

This is the language component : it provides the activities which help participants to understand the business situation as presented through the Information File , the Video , and the Audio Cassette and to develop the skills necessary to perform the assignment .
this is the language component : it [gives] the activities which help participants to understand the business situation as presented through the information file , the video , and the audio cassette and to develop the skills necessary to perform the assignment .

Simply by the virtue of the fact that it provides a varied selection of business case studies with video , Business Assignments is a remarkable set of materials .
simply by the virtue of the fact that it [gives] a varied selection of business case studies with video , business assignments is a remarkable set of materials .

The book is accompanied by a cassette which provides lively listening tasks .
the book is accompanied by a cassette which [gives] lively listening tasks .

And it is more than just a dictionary — the extensive cross-references lead the reader from one subject to another , and the thematic index provides a framework for studying topics .
and it is more than just a dictionary — the extensive cross-references lead the reader from one subject to another , and the thematic index [gives] a framework for studying topics .

It provides clear explanations , under alphabetically ordered entries , of virtually all learners ' recurrent difficulties .
it [gives] clear explanations , under alphabetically ordered entries , of virtually all learners ' recurrent difficulties .

Each unit includes a Language Review section , while a self-contained Grammar Section at the back of the Student 's Book provides a practical grammar reference source .
each unit includes a language review section , while a self-contained grammar section at the back of the student 's book [gives] a practical grammar reference source .

The first level of Headway provides a thorough revision and extension course at the intermediate level .
the first level of headway [gives] a thorough revision and extension course at the intermediate level .

Headway Pronunciation provides teachers and students with a complete pronunciation package which can be integrated into any intermediate or upper-intermediate English course .
headway pronunciation [gives] teachers and students with a complete pronunciation package which can be integrated into any intermediate or upper-intermediate english course .

Provides the foundation for most school-leaving examinations .
[gives] the foundation for most school-leaving examinations .

Advance with English provides plenty of material for a full teaching year and offers the foundation for most school-leaving examinations .
advance with english [gives] plenty of material for a full teaching year and offers the foundation for most school-leaving examinations .

English now offers material appropriate to their knowledge and experience , and provides the opportunity for them to be equally articulate in the new language .
english now offers material appropriate to their knowledge and experience , and [gives] the opportunity for them to be equally articulate in the new language .

It also provides a wealth of interesting material for students to practise at this level — in particular , a broad range of informative and well-written reading passages .
it also [gives] a wealth of interesting material for students to practise at this level — in particular , a broad range of informative and well-written reading passages .

The Teacher 's Book provides detailed notes , answers and background information , together with further ideas for the exploitation of the material in the Student 's Book .
the teacher 's book [gives] detailed notes , answers and background information , together with further ideas for the exploitation of the material in the student 's book .

Cassette — provides recordings of stories , songs , and other listening activities in a variety of voices and accents
cassette — [gives] recordings of stories , songs , and other listening activities in a variety of voices and accents

It provides a variety of reading material from newspapers and other authentic sources , which parallel and reinforce each story .
it [gives] a variety of reading material from newspapers and other authentic sources , which parallel and reinforce each story .

Your business English learners wo n't have to waste any time puzzling out what the Oxford Dictionary of Business English has to offer ; the innovative design provides the maximum amount of information in the easiest format possible .
your business english learners wo n't have to waste any time puzzling out what the oxford dictionary of business english has to offer ; the innovative design [gives] the maximum amount of information in the easiest format possible .

It provides an open invitation to language learners to use their imagination creatively , express their views openly , and gain greater confidence with the language they need .
it [gives] an open invitation to language learners to use their imagination creatively , express their views openly , and gain greater confidence with the language they need .

Each course has a substantial Teachers Book which not only explains how Fast Forward works and provides teachers notes , but also gives ideas for possible classroom organization , lesson plans , and guides to the different types of exercises and activities .
each course has a substantial teachers book which not only explains how fast forward works and [gives] teachers notes , but also gives ideas for possible classroom organization , lesson plans , and guides to the different types of exercises and activities .

If you need an intensive course which provides 60–80 hours of teaching materials then use Fast Forward .
if you need an intensive course which [gives] 60–80 hours of teaching materials then use fast forward .

It also provides opportunities for pupils to develop vital skills and learning strategies that can be applied across the school curriculum .
it also [gives] opportunities for pupils to develop vital skills and learning strategies that can be applied across the school curriculum .

Each unit provides material for six lessons .
each unit [gives] material for six lessons .

The Teacher 's Book offers full support and guidance to the teacher . It provides :
the teacher 's book offers full support and guidance to the teacher . it [gives] :

It provides students with the language and communicative skills they will need in their professional lives .
it [gives] students with the language and communicative skills they will need in their professional lives .

Each unit of First Class deals with a particular topic and language area and provides a balance of language skills which reflects what the trainee will need a career in tourism .
each unit of first class deals with a particular topic and language area and [gives] a balance of language skills which reflects what the trainee will need a career in tourism .

First Class provides the essential vocabulary for tourism in the nineties .
first class [gives] the essential vocabulary for tourism in the nineties .

The language study section provides clear explanations of grammar , and follows on with exercises so that students can practise and consolidate new language .
the language study section [gives] clear explanations of grammar , and follows on with exercises so that students can practise and consolidate new language .

writing section provides further practice
writing section [gives] further practice

It provides valuable further practice , and a carefully-structured writing syllabus .
it [gives] valuable further practice , and a carefully-structured writing syllabus .

close integration of skills work provides practice in a variety of combinations such as listening and speaking , reading and discussion , listening and reading
close integration of skills work [gives] practice in a variety of combinations such as listening and speaking , reading and discussion , listening and reading

The course provides 120 hours ' work — about 8 hours per unit .
the course [gives] 120 hours ' work — about 8 hours per unit .

It helps students to master the basic patterns of phonology and provides them with the training they need to handle English sounds , stress and intonation , and connected speech , all presented with the usual Headway clarity .
it helps students to master the basic patterns of phonology and [gives] them with the training they need to handle english sounds , stress and intonation , and connected speech , all presented with the usual headway clarity .

provides balance and variety in the timetable
[gives] balance and variety in the timetable

Headway Intermediate provides a thorough revision and extension course at intermediate level .
headway intermediate [gives] a thorough revision and extension course at intermediate level .

This section outlines the theoretical background to the topic in question , and provides a conceptual framework for the tasks in the following two sections .
this section outlines the theoretical background to the topic in question , and [gives] a conceptual framework for the tasks in the following two sections .

Vocabulary provides a clear and comprehensive overview of this important area of language teaching .
vocabulary [gives] a clear and comprehensive overview of this important area of language teaching .

Listening provides a fresh perspective on listening comprehension .
listening [gives] a fresh perspective on listening comprehension .

In addition , the Activity Book provides a stimulating range of tasks designed to develop reading , writing , and speaking skills .
in addition , the activity book [gives] a stimulating range of tasks designed to develop reading , writing , and speaking skills .

Test Pack 2 simply provides an alternative to Test Pack 1 — especially useful if you need to test the same student again , at a later date .
test pack 2 simply [gives] an alternative to test pack 1 — especially useful if you need to test the same student again , at a later date .

The User 's Guide provides advice on administering the Tests and placing students .
the user 's guide [gives] advice on administering the tests and placing students .

Streamline English Connections follows on from Departures or provides an independent eighty-unit course for pre-intermediate students .
streamline english connections follows on from departures or [gives] an independent eighty-unit course for pre-intermediate students .

Streamline English Destinations follows on from Connections or provides a separate eighty-unit courses for intermediate students .
streamline english destinations follows on from connections or [gives] a separate eighty-unit courses for intermediate students .

The basic plan provides for two classroom periods to spent on each episode .
the basic plan [gives] for two classroom periods to spent on each episode .

Each reader provides three different types of reading material , plus optional comprehension exercises in four-page pull-out supplements :
each reader [gives] three different types of reading material , plus optional comprehension exercises in four-page pull-out supplements :

Alan Duff explores the role of translation in language learning and provides the teacher with a wide variety of translation activities from many different subject areas .
alan duff explores the role of translation in language learning and [gives] the teacher with a wide variety of translation activities from many different subject areas .

Each Resource Book provides clear , easy-to-follow lesson menus for you to use in class .
each resource book [gives] clear , easy-to-follow lesson menus for you to use in class .

Sub-series Two ( grey covers ) on modes of behaviour which practise that knowledge , and Sub-series Three provides ideas for action research .
sub-series two ( grey covers ) on modes of behaviour which practise that knowledge , and sub-series three [gives] ideas for action research .

Syllabus Design provides an introduction to language syllabus planning for teachers who want to gain a better understanding of the subject in order to develop the skills to evaluate , modify , and adapt the syllabuses with which they work .
syllabus design [gives] an introduction to language syllabus planning for teachers who want to gain a better understanding of the subject in order to develop the skills to evaluate , modify , and adapt the syllabuses with which they work .

How can a teacher best go about selecting and designing effective learning material for their own classes ? Listening provides a much-needed perspective on the subject , and includes material from the authors ' own recent work in comprehension task design .
how can a teacher best go about selecting and designing effective learning material for their own classes ? listening [gives] a much-needed perspective on the subject , and includes material from the authors ' own recent work in comprehension task design .

Project English encourages learners to explore and experiment with language , but at the same time it provides firm support through a clearly structured syllabus , so that learners feel secure and confident .
project english encourages learners to explore and experiment with language , but at the same time it [gives] firm support through a clearly structured syllabus , so that learners feel secure and confident .

It encourages learners to explore and experiment with language , but at the same time provides security and support through a clearly structured syllabus .
it encourages learners to explore and experiment with language , but at the same time [gives] security and support through a clearly structured syllabus .

Above all , project work provides learners with the opportunity to use the newly-acquired language to talk about themselves , and to express their own ideas , feelings , and opinions .
above all , project work [gives] learners with the opportunity to use the newly-acquired language to talk about themselves , and to express their own ideas , feelings , and opinions .

It provides an introduction to project work , together with guidance on preparation and evaluation .
it [gives] an introduction to project work , together with guidance on preparation and evaluation .

Project Video provides cultural background
project video [gives] cultural background

Project Video provides a stimulus for learners to produce their own projects .
project video [gives] a stimulus for learners to produce their own projects .

The Activity Book at each level provides a project task which encourages learners to explore the video topic in relation to their own environment .
the activity book at each level [gives] a project task which encourages learners to explore the video topic in relation to their own environment .

Above all , each story provides a ‘ good read ’ , motivating pupils to read on to find out what happens next .
above all , each story [gives] a ‘ good read ’ , motivating pupils to read on to find out what happens next .

Oxford English provides all the materials needed to set children on the right track .
oxford english [gives] all the materials needed to set children on the right track .

This , combined with lively illustrations , provides material that is easy to teach and fun to learn .
this , combined with lively illustrations , [gives] material that is easy to teach and fun to learn .

This provides young learners with the stimulus and movement necessary to hold their attention and keep them enthusiastically involved .
this [gives] young learners with the stimulus and movement necessary to hold their attention and keep them enthusiastically involved .

Start with English provides full coverage of all four skills , with an emphasis on reading skills in Books 4–6 to match children 's developing abilities .
start with english [gives] full coverage of all four skills , with an emphasis on reading skills in books 4–6 to match children 's developing abilities .

Jazz Chants for Children provides a way of teaching the rhythm , stress , and intonation of American English which will keep children enthralled .
jazz chants for children [gives] a way of teaching the rhythm , stress , and intonation of american english which will keep children enthralled .

provides extra listening practice for children who have been studying English for a year or two .
[gives] extra listening practice for children who have been studying english for a year or two .

Children will love this varied selection of Christmas songs , action songs , number songs , and memory songs , which provides a motivating supplement to any English course for young learners .
children will love this varied selection of christmas songs , action songs , number songs , and memory songs , which [gives] a motivating supplement to any english course for young learners .

This final section summarizes the grammar points presented in each unit , and provides diagrammatic ‘ grammar trees ’ of the key sentence structures .
this final section summarizes the grammar points presented in each unit , and [gives] diagrammatic ‘ grammar trees ’ of the key sentence structures .

The unique Options section provides a vast menu of extra activities from which you and your students can pick and choose according to your own needs .
the unique options section [gives] a vast menu of extra activities from which you and your students can pick and choose according to your own needs .

Streetwise provides vital grammar coverage — revision , extension and practice .
streetwise [gives] vital grammar coverage — revision , extension and practice .

The Video Guide provides teachers with complete lesson plans that will ensure the most effective use of the video and Activity Book .
the video guide [gives] teachers with complete lesson plans that will ensure the most effective use of the video and activity book .

Each book also has a regular cartoon feature which introduces everyday functional language and provides students with an opportunity to develop speaking skills .
each book also has a regular cartoon feature which introduces everyday functional language and [gives] students with an opportunity to develop speaking skills .

The dialogue in the video follows precisely the syllabus of Streamline English Departures , and provides extremely useful natural examples of the language in use .
the dialogue in the video follows precisely the syllabus of streamline english departures , and [gives] extremely useful natural examples of the language in use .

Filmed entirely on location in and around Oxford , the setting provides an attractive backdrop to learning .
filmed entirely on location in and around oxford , the setting [gives] an attractive backdrop to learning .

Provides a ‘ period ’ look at early fighting aircraft which will be useful for the World War One aircraft buff .
[gives] a ‘ period ’ look at early fighting aircraft which will be useful for the world war one aircraft buff .

This point provides the key to the full meaning of the many arguments in pamphlet form — and on occasion in parliamentary debate — which underlined the brutalities and cruelty of the slave trade .
this point [gives] the key to the full meaning of the many arguments in pamphlet form — and on occasion in parliamentary debate — which underlined the brutalities and cruelty of the slave trade .

Whatever it says about an achieved consensus on the slave trade , the 1814 campaign provides no support for a developing popular antislavery which incorporated emancipation .
whatever it says about an achieved consensus on the slave trade , the 1814 campaign [gives] no support for a developing popular antislavery which incorporated emancipation .

Stamford , Connecticut-based General Signal Corp signed a letter of intent to sell its Integrated Solutions business to the company 's management on undisclosed terms : the Andover , Massachusetts company provides support services to semiconductor manufacturers that use General Signal 's microlithography equipment and also provides third party sales and support services .
stamford , connecticut-based general signal corp signed a letter of intent to sell its integrated solutions business to the company 's management on undisclosed terms : the andover , massachusetts company [gives] support services to semiconductor manufacturers that use general signal 's microlithography equipment and also [gives] third party sales and support services .

The odd piece of Giant Vallis provides a pleasant diversion from all that rock .
the odd piece of giant vallis [gives] a pleasant diversion from all that rock .

My preference is the white worm culture because it provides a large range of worm sizes for fry feeding .
my preference is the white worm culture because it [gives] a large range of worm sizes for fry feeding .

Bogwood can be placed to represent fallen branches or roots in the stream , and provides further shelter for the fish .
bogwood can be placed to represent fallen branches or roots in the stream , and [gives] further shelter for the fish .

Milwaukee , Wisconsin-based Fiserv Inc is to acquire Data Line Service Co , a Covina , California-based computer services company serving more than 40 financial institutions in the state ; terms of the proposed transaction were not disclosed ; Data Line provides services to savings and loan institutions , savings banks and mortgage companies and has 250 employees with locations in Phoenix , Arizona and Dallas , Texas as well as the one in Covina .
milwaukee , wisconsin-based fiserv inc is to acquire data line service co , a covina , california-based computer services company serving more than 40 financial institutions in the state ; terms of the proposed transaction were not disclosed ; data line [gives] services to savings and loan institutions , savings banks and mortgage companies and has 250 employees with locations in phoenix , arizona and dallas , texas as well as the one in covina .

One project which Fr. Edmund Gornall helped to found and which we have had an appeal to support is a small pharmacy in Andahuaylas which provides free medicine to those who have no money to pay .
one project which fr. edmund gornall helped to found and which we have had an appeal to support is a small pharmacy in andahuaylas which [gives] free medicine to those who have no money to pay .

This faith in Jesus Christ provides the Christian with a context , an educational creed which produces a secure educational philosophy within which to work .
this faith in jesus christ [gives] the christian with a context , an educational creed which produces a secure educational philosophy within which to work .

Language provides the vehicle for this , and the syntax and content of the recall or response tell us much about the way the individual thinks and remembers .
language [gives] the vehicle for this , and the syntax and content of the recall or response tell us much about the way the individual thinks and remembers .

The speech left provides for an internal speech code which passes through a working memory system where it can be examined .
the speech left [gives] for an internal speech code which passes through a working memory system where it can be examined .

11.2 , where source language material is interpreted into meaning and this provides the instructions for translation to the target language .
11.2 , where source language material is interpreted into meaning and this [gives] the instructions for translation to the target language .

This does not arise because of failure , but , rather , the use of Total Communication offers both spoken and signed stimulation which provides a range of alternatives for the deaf child .
this does not arise because of failure , but , rather , the use of total communication offers both spoken and signed stimulation which [gives] a range of alternatives for the deaf child .

Both Brennan ( 1976 ) and Conrad ( 1979 ) suggest that for the profoundly deaf child , oralism provides this sort of obstruction .
both brennan ( 1976 ) and conrad ( 1979 ) suggest that for the profoundly deaf child , oralism [gives] this sort of obstruction .

It is assumed that the fact that teachers and pupils are together in a special classroom implies the presence of an educational programme relevant to the development of children ; also that the presence of a teacher provides effective educational programmes … in practice none of these desiderata have been met .
it is assumed that the fact that teachers and pupils are together in a special classroom implies the presence of an educational programme relevant to the development of children ; also that the presence of a teacher [gives] effective educational programmes … in practice none of these desiderata have been met .

Hessian provides warm colour and a rough , homespun texture that was beloved or architects in the 50s .
hessian [gives] warm colour and a rough , homespun texture that was beloved or architects in the 50s .

Silk is probably the most luxurious , and the most expensive material you can hang on your walls , creating an effect of subtle careful handling , once in place it provides a surprisingly long-lasting surface .
silk is probably the most luxurious , and the most expensive material you can hang on your walls , creating an effect of subtle careful handling , once in place it [gives] a surprisingly long-lasting surface .

Cork provides a warm wallcovering that is reasonably tough .
cork [gives] a warm wallcovering that is reasonably tough .

Vinyl sheet flooring is the modern equivalent of linoleum , and provides a smooth , hygienic and easy-to-clean floorcovering that 's widely used in kitchens , bathrooms and hallways .
vinyl sheet flooring is the modern equivalent of linoleum , and [gives] a smooth , hygienic and easy-to-clean floorcovering that 's widely used in kitchens , bathrooms and hallways .

McCulloch provides a large nylon bag for the collection of leaves and other garden debris
mcculloch [gives] a large nylon bag for the collection of leaves and other garden debris

Learning through first-hand experience provides the framework into which information obtained in other ways ( from books , television and radio ) can be fitted .
learning through first-hand experience [gives] the framework into which information obtained in other ways ( from books , television and radio ) can be fitted .

School , paid for and sponsored by the state , provides the only effective means of inculcating the values which the state would wish its future citizens to hold .
school , paid for and sponsored by the state , [gives] the only effective means of inculcating the values which the state would wish its future citizens to hold .

Microsoft Corp announced Release 3.0 of its Visual Basic programming system on Friday : the new release 0 provides access to a wide variety of data sources by integrating the Microsoft Access 1.1 database engine and adds support for Object Linking & Embedding 2.0 ; it also adds new tools , new controls , greater ease of use and an enhanced custom control standard ; it 's $200 .
microsoft corp announced release 3.0 of its visual basic programming system on friday : the new release 0 [gives] access to a wide variety of data sources by integrating the microsoft access 1.1 database engine and adds support for object linking & embedding 2.0 ; it also adds new tools , new controls , greater ease of use and an enhanced custom control standard ; it 's $200 .

Consideration of people in system terms provides the possibility of generalisations which apply across great varieties of physical and intellectual activities .
consideration of people in system terms [gives] the possibility of generalisations which apply across great varieties of physical and intellectual activities .

Nevertheless technology now provides the possibility of allocating high energy and repetitive work to machines so that the typical man at work is in a supervising rather than an operating mode .
nevertheless technology now [gives] the possibility of allocating high energy and repetitive work to machines so that the typical man at work is in a supervising rather than an operating mode .

Nevertheless , the social system which integrates the activities of the workers and provides the flexibility for relating separate tasks to the needs of the production system as a whole must be considered .
nevertheless , the social system which integrates the activities of the workers and [gives] the flexibility for relating separate tasks to the needs of the production system as a whole must be considered .

Each provides attributes which are not easily available from the other .
each [gives] attributes which are not easily available from the other .

For most purposes a rectangular distribution is the most desirable because it provides the appropriate mix of youthful enthusiasm and ageing experience .
for most purposes a rectangular distribution is the most desirable because it [gives] the appropriate mix of youthful enthusiasm and ageing experience .

This not only provides flexibility in the use of man-power , it also improves communication .
this not only [gives] flexibility in the use of man-power , it also improves communication .

Size provides a cushion to the vicissitudes of markets but it creates other problems .
size [gives] a cushion to the vicissitudes of markets but it creates other problems .

Firstly , the passage of time provides more and more experience and this is inevitably reflected in the skill repertoire .
firstly , the passage of time [gives] more and more experience and this is inevitably reflected in the skill repertoire .

In this last case the interviewee begins by providing information which facilitates a diagnosis and the interviewer thereafter provides information about possible causes and remedies .
in this last case the interviewee begins by providing information which facilitates a diagnosis and the interviewer thereafter [gives] information about possible causes and remedies .

If the interviewee is very nervous it can help to ask some questions which can readily be answered with a yes or no , this provides the opportunity to adjust the tension .
if the interviewee is very nervous it can help to ask some questions which can readily be answered with a yes or no , this [gives] the opportunity to adjust the tension .

This provides salutary knowledge of results of the interview itself if not of its degree of success in terms of a real objective .
this [gives] salutary knowledge of results of the interview itself if not of its degree of success in terms of a real objective .

Technology provides trainer aids not trainer substitutes .
technology [gives] trainer aids not trainer substitutes .

Gagne ( 1962 ) provides an excellent review of earlier work in this field .
gagne ( 1962 ) [gives] an excellent review of earlier work in this field .

As a research tool the simulator provides a happy medium between the precision of laboratory studies and the realism of field studies .
as a research tool the simulator [gives] a happy medium between the precision of laboratory studies and the realism of field studies .

The period between Johnson 's demise in 1916 and the rise of Ali , provides a good example of how reflective sport can be .
the period between johnson 's demise in 1916 and the rise of ali , [gives] a good example of how reflective sport can be .

It is simply the salient feature of their lives and so , quite predictably , occupies a lot of their time , absorbs a lot of their interest and provides a lot of their ambitions .
it is simply the salient feature of their lives and so , quite predictably , occupies a lot of their time , absorbs a lot of their interest and [gives] a lot of their ambitions .

Bunny Johnson , who was born in Jamaica , but came to England in 1963 when he was 16 provides a good starting point :
bunny johnson , who was born in jamaica , but came to england in 1963 when he was 16 [gives] a good starting point :

The energy and enthusiasm black youth have for certain sports and the disproportionately high number wanting to take up sport as a career provides at least the initial indication that they see in successful black sportsmen models for themselves .
the energy and enthusiasm black youth have for certain sports and the disproportionately high number wanting to take up sport as a career [gives] at least the initial indication that they see in successful black sportsmen models for themselves .

£18,000 capital grant to the Hutson Street Project which provides literacy classes , mother and toddler groups , community art and community health projects for local people ( 1988 ) .
£18,000 capital grant to the hutson street project which [gives] literacy classes , mother and toddler groups , community art and community health projects for local people ( 1988 ) .

Analysis of these responses provides further information on sex differences and between those opting for different subjects .
analysis of these responses [gives] further information on sex differences and between those opting for different subjects .

’ provides both .
’ [gives] both .

It also provides valuable substance on the nature of teaching methods and their relationship to psychological theory as well as to the overall aims for education .
it also [gives] valuable substance on the nature of teaching methods and their relationship to psychological theory as well as to the overall aims for education .

This profound asymmetry in the structure and evolution of the world economic system provides the essential background to the more recent migrations of black communities to Britain in the post-Second World War period , for one of its main effects has been the creation of pools of under- and unemployed workers in circumstances of poverty and restricted opportunity in the Third World , who find themselves having to undergo the painful dislocation entailed by migration and travel thousands of miles in search of work .
this profound asymmetry in the structure and evolution of the world economic system [gives] the essential background to the more recent migrations of black communities to britain in the post-second world war period , for one of its main effects has been the creation of pools of under- and unemployed workers in circumstances of poverty and restricted opportunity in the third world , who find themselves having to undergo the painful dislocation entailed by migration and travel thousands of miles in search of work .

provides information on the use of qualifications by employers in three English regions ( London and the South East , the West Midlands , and Yorkshire and Humberside ) and also includes some comparisons with other European countries .
[gives] information on the use of qualifications by employers in three english regions ( london and the south east , the west midlands , and yorkshire and humberside ) and also includes some comparisons with other european countries .

membership provides a means of social control in the workplace both because those recruited have an obligation to preserve the reputation of their sponsors and also because , in some cases , family authority principles can be transferred from the home to the job , e.g. as with a ‘ dads ’ lads ' recruitment system .
membership [gives] a means of social control in the workplace both because those recruited have an obligation to preserve the reputation of their sponsors and also because , in some cases , family authority principles can be transferred from the home to the job , e.g. as with a ‘ dads ’ lads ' recruitment system .

membership also provides a source of social support in the workplace while a newcomer learns the ropes and the tricks of the trade , e.g .
membership also [gives] a source of social support in the workplace while a newcomer learns the ropes and the tricks of the trade , e.g .

Indeed in post-1945 Britain it is the political creation and solidification of such categories , enshrined , for example , in legislation for immigration control , which provides one crucial context within which educational policies emerge ( see Sivanandan 1982 , Carby 1982 , Troyna and Williams 1986 ) .
indeed in post-1945 britain it is the political creation and solidification of such categories , enshrined , for example , in legislation for immigration control , which [gives] one crucial context within which educational policies emerge ( see sivanandan 1982 , carby 1982 , troyna and williams 1986 ) .

It is suggested that the way women and black citizens are treated in society and in schools provides for a unity among female students on the one hand and black students on the other .
it is suggested that the way women and black citizens are treated in society and in schools [gives] for a unity among female students on the one hand and black students on the other .

The concept of black underachievement provides an even greater contrast when it is associated with ‘ trouble ’ , defined as indiscipline and truanting , and results in suspensions and local ‘ law and order ’ problems .
the concept of black underachievement [gives] an even greater contrast when it is associated with ‘ trouble ’ , defined as indiscipline and truanting , and results in suspensions and local ‘ law and order ’ problems .

He suggests that the systems model is applicable to the study of comparative industrial relations since , although every county displays special or particularistic industrial relations characteristics because of differences in the environmental settings in which they operate , ‘ the attention to rule-making in industrial relations systems provides a common denominator for the comparative analysis of different forms ’ ( p. 27 ) .
he suggests that the systems model is applicable to the study of comparative industrial relations since , although every county displays special or particularistic industrial relations characteristics because of differences in the environmental settings in which they operate , ‘ the attention to rule-making in industrial relations systems [gives] a common denominator for the comparative analysis of different forms ’ ( p. 27 ) .

Yet notwithstanding these specific criticisms the notion that one source of difference within cross-national industrial relations may reflect the different stage of development that societies have reached , along some continuum — that the stage of industrialisation affects the character of industrial relations — this provides one possible focus for inter-country studies .
yet notwithstanding these specific criticisms the notion that one source of difference within cross-national industrial relations may reflect the different stage of development that societies have reached , along some continuum — that the stage of industrialisation affects the character of industrial relations — this [gives] one possible focus for inter-country studies .

It provides a way of helping to dismantle and correct oversimplified explanations where generalisations have been made from particular cases — or even on the basis of a single example — which clearly will not stand up to broader comparative investigation .
it [gives] a way of helping to dismantle and correct oversimplified explanations where generalisations have been made from particular cases — or even on the basis of a single example — which clearly will not stand up to broader comparative investigation .

More generally , we may conclude that the Bain-Elsheikh study provides support from several countries for the effects of economic conditions and the influence of public policy upon union growth .
more generally , we may conclude that the bain-elsheikh study [gives] support from several countries for the effects of economic conditions and the influence of public policy upon union growth .

It provides a safe working platform for both you and the equipment needed .
it [gives] a safe working platform for both you and the equipment needed .

Therefore , it provides a multi-purpose connective which is particularly useful when we are producing speech without pause for planning or time for selecting a precise alternative .
therefore , it [gives] a multi-purpose connective which is particularly useful when we are producing speech without pause for planning or time for selecting a precise alternative .

The fact that the passive brings about alterations of word order gives it a special function in writing , because it provides one means by which a writer can link sentences smoothly together and achieve the desired emphasis .
the fact that the passive brings about alterations of word order gives it a special function in writing , because it [gives] one means by which a writer can link sentences smoothly together and achieve the desired emphasis .

For those with emotional difficulties , drama provides an invaluable vehicle which allows the effect of behaviour to be explored .
for those with emotional difficulties , drama [gives] an invaluable vehicle which allows the effect of behaviour to be explored .

Drama provides a discipline for the development of co-ordination , concentration , commitment , organisation and decision-making that depends upon self and group awareness , observation , imagination and co-operation .
drama [gives] a discipline for the development of co-ordination , concentration , commitment , organisation and decision-making that depends upon self and group awareness , observation , imagination and co-operation .

The reproduction of an historic statue of the Mother of God in the Cathedral , demonstrates a sensitivity to the vibrant traditions of the past , drawing on them so as to enrich ones own faith not only of God 's choice of Our Lady and her example , but also of the many wonderful traditions in the diocese which provides continuity , constantly enriching the present .
the reproduction of an historic statue of the mother of god in the cathedral , demonstrates a sensitivity to the vibrant traditions of the past , drawing on them so as to enrich ones own faith not only of god 's choice of our lady and her example , but also of the many wonderful traditions in the diocese which [gives] continuity , constantly enriching the present .

First , a lot of these lads had n't done very well at school , so the training provides them with a better chance of a fresh start once they have paid off their debt to society .
first , a lot of these lads had n't done very well at school , so the training [gives] them with a better chance of a fresh start once they have paid off their debt to society .

With its direct start , it provides some 210m of varied climbing on perfect , blocky granite .
with its direct start , it [gives] some 210m of varied climbing on perfect , blocky granite .

Like Ghyll climbing in the Lake District , which provides memorable classics such as Piers Ghyll on Scafell , the Dark Peak can also furnish a few esoteric delights — albeit on a smaller scale — with fine outings such as Wildboar Clough on Bleaklow or the challenging Blackden Clough on Kinder Scout 's northern slopes .
like ghyll climbing in the lake district , which [gives] memorable classics such as piers ghyll on scafell , the dark peak can also furnish a few esoteric delights — albeit on a smaller scale — with fine outings such as wildboar clough on bleaklow or the challenging blackden clough on kinder scout 's northern slopes .

Cutting deeply into Saddleworth Moor , this delightful boulder-strewn ravine with its series of cascades , provides a pleasant approach up to the craggy belvedere and the start of one of the best edges traverses in the northern Peak .
cutting deeply into saddleworth moor , this delightful boulder-strewn ravine with its series of cascades , [gives] a pleasant approach up to the craggy belvedere and the start of one of the best edges traverses in the northern peak .

The Virbram sole unit could do with a little more rigidity for scrambling , but provides good adhesion for walking on all surfaces .
the virbram sole unit could do with a little more rigidity for scrambling , but [gives] good adhesion for walking on all surfaces .

Where the rock is steep and provides climbs of a high order or difficulty , at the forefront of developments of the day .
where the rock is steep and [gives] climbs of a high order or difficulty , at the forefront of developments of the day .

The metal angle bead which forms the curve of the arch provides a guide for the plastering trowel , to make application of plaster easier .
the metal angle bead which forms the curve of the arch [gives] a guide for the plastering trowel , to make application of plaster easier .

Cuprinol 's Clear Varnish used here provides a tough skin , ideal for wood floors .
cuprinol 's clear varnish used here [gives] a tough skin , ideal for wood floors .

Its tough , flexible resin content also provides an exceptionally attractive finish .
its tough , flexible resin content also [gives] an exceptionally attractive finish .

It is like the tiny mustard seed which grows into a sizeable bush that provides sufficient shade for the birds to come and shelter in its branches ( Matt .
it is like the tiny mustard seed which grows into a sizeable bush that [gives] sufficient shade for the birds to come and shelter in its branches ( matt .

The New Testament provides strong evidence that the Church occupies a central place in God 's redemptive purpose for the world .
the new testament [gives] strong evidence that the church occupies a central place in god 's redemptive purpose for the world .

It provides the stability of psychological reinforcement .
it [gives] the stability of psychological reinforcement .

The cultural framework in which we have been raised and within which we have been taught to operate provides both security and significance within its frontiers .
the cultural framework in which we have been raised and within which we have been taught to operate [gives] both security and significance within its frontiers .

The homogeneous unit concept provides a valuable alternative map by which to gauge the Church 's effectiveness in relation to the ‘ mosaic ’ of peoples which make up the population of the British Isles .
the homogeneous unit concept [gives] a valuable alternative map by which to gauge the church 's effectiveness in relation to the ‘ mosaic ’ of peoples which make up the population of the british isles .

It provides an alternative map to complement the geographical one most commonly used , which , when exclusive , may mask as much as it reveals .
it [gives] an alternative map to complement the geographical one most commonly used , which , when exclusive , may mask as much as it reveals .

Scripture provides no justification whatever for taking statistics seriously .
scripture [gives] no justification whatever for taking statistics seriously .

Data-gathering provides an early-warning system so that the situation can be analysed soon after the trend has begun to take shape and corrective measures can be applied promptly .
data-gathering [gives] an early-warning system so that the situation can be analysed soon after the trend has begun to take shape and corrective measures can be applied promptly .

His relationship with his disciples prior to the crucifixion provides a model for the fellowship that believers are to enjoy in subsequent centuries .
his relationship with his disciples prior to the crucifixion [gives] a model for the fellowship that believers are to enjoy in subsequent centuries .

They either operate through independent organisations or , as is becoming increasingly the case today , are based in a local church , which anchors them , provides a support team , and keeps them in close touch with the need for post-evangelistic care and of the difficulty widely experienced of integrating the convert into the life of the local church .
they either operate through independent organisations or , as is becoming increasingly the case today , are based in a local church , which anchors them , [gives] a support team , and keeps them in close touch with the need for post-evangelistic care and of the difficulty widely experienced of integrating the convert into the life of the local church .

Our Lord 's ministry , for instance , provides examples to guard us against this danger .
our lord 's ministry , for instance , [gives] examples to guard us against this danger .

‘ But the real danger of cocaine , ’ Robin-Anne continued softly , ‘ is that it provides ecstasy , Mr Breakspear . ’
‘ but the real danger of cocaine , ’ robin-anne continued softly , ‘ is that it [gives] ecstasy , mr breakspear . ’

In essence , the Lady of the Hearth represents the way in which we choose and set out a bounded space in which to live , the fire we light at its centre , and the way we use the heat which the fire provides .
in essence , the lady of the hearth represents the way in which we choose and set out a bounded space in which to live , the fire we light at its centre , and the way we use the heat which the fire [gives] .

’ The poster scheme also provides an excellent opportunity to expose large numbers of the population , who rarely or never set foot within a gallery , to contemporary art .
’ the poster scheme also [gives] an excellent opportunity to expose large numbers of the population , who rarely or never set foot within a gallery , to contemporary art .

In all , the Package provides material for a first level of study for the teaching and learning of English as a foreign or second language .
in all , the package [gives] material for a first level of study for the teaching and learning of english as a foreign or second language .

Recognition of the way in which this rhetoric drew upon previous discourses and defined the nature of authority relationships provides a more secure interpretation of the chronology of chartism 's rise and subsequent demise than can accounts describing it as merely an expression of acute social and economic deprivation .
recognition of the way in which this rhetoric drew upon previous discourses and defined the nature of authority relationships [gives] a more secure interpretation of the chronology of chartism 's rise and subsequent demise than can accounts describing it as merely an expression of acute social and economic deprivation .

Avoiding these coercive sanctions provides a reason for people to stop being free-riders and join the union .
avoiding these coercive sanctions [gives] a reason for people to stop being free-riders and join the union .

This model provides the conventional wisdom of public administration in liberal democracies .
this model [gives] the conventional wisdom of public administration in liberal democracies .

However , it should be borne in mind that for most Marxists an interpretation of historical ( or dialectical ) materialism , which we have briefly discussed above , provides some degree of overarching methodological coherence to Marxism .
however , it should be borne in mind that for most marxists an interpretation of historical ( or dialectical ) materialism , which we have briefly discussed above , [gives] some degree of overarching methodological coherence to marxism .

The terminology of fractions and strata has proved popular amongst Marxists because it provides a framework with which divisions within the working class and capitalists can be analysed .
the terminology of fractions and strata has proved popular amongst marxists because it [gives] a framework with which divisions within the working class and capitalists can be analysed .

The existence of a well organized labour movement and a socialist or communist party alerts new generations of workers to their distinct interests , and provides them with a political language .
the existence of a well organized labour movement and a socialist or communist party alerts new generations of workers to their distinct interests , and [gives] them with a political language .

It also provides central security management for distributed networks .
it also [gives] central security management for distributed networks .

Durkheim 's work marks the turning point between evolutionism and functionalism and provides the bridge to Malinowski and Radcliffe-Brown , the authentic founders of modern social anthropology .
durkheim 's work marks the turning point between evolutionism and functionalism and [gives] the bridge to malinowski and radcliffe-brown , the authentic founders of modern social anthropology .

Structure provides the framework in which functions are exercised .
structure [gives] the framework in which functions are exercised .

It can also be seen that it provides a deeper cause than that supplied by ordinary , everyday reasoning .
it can also be seen that it [gives] a deeper cause than that supplied by ordinary , everyday reasoning .

The problems raised by this gregarious tendency , and particularly by the recurrence of paired contrasting symbols , become very evident when we consider a bodily product which receives symbolic attention in most human societies and provides extremely expressive symbolic material — hair .
the problems raised by this gregarious tendency , and particularly by the recurrence of paired contrasting symbols , become very evident when we consider a bodily product which receives symbolic attention in most human societies and [gives] extremely expressive symbolic material — hair .

The upshot is a version of what is known as preference utilitarianism , for which what counts in favour of an act is not that it promotes a kind of experience known as pleasure or prevents a kind of experience called pain , but that it provides people with what they would prefer to have and prevents their having what they would prefer not to have .
the upshot is a version of what is known as preference utilitarianism , for which what counts in favour of an act is not that it promotes a kind of experience known as pleasure or prevents a kind of experience called pain , but that it [gives] people with what they would prefer to have and prevents their having what they would prefer not to have .

It has something in common with the rationalism of Richard Price , but provides a kind of general formula for testing the morality of actions as price ( and later Ross ) did not .
it has something in common with the rationalism of richard price , but [gives] a kind of general formula for testing the morality of actions as price ( and later ross ) did not .

Portugal provides an interesting case study of administrative problems .
portugal [gives] an interesting case study of administrative problems .

However , serious investigative journalism often provides a challenge to the official version of reality and the search for a major sex criminal is rarely like that .
however , serious investigative journalism often [gives] a challenge to the official version of reality and the search for a major sex criminal is rarely like that .

This case provides the clearest indication of how the popular press may trade in deciding the appropriate nickname for a new case when the Star decided to focus special attention on this rape of a 6-year-old ‘ He 's been called The Beast , The Monster , the evil sex maniac … .
this case [gives] the clearest indication of how the popular press may trade in deciding the appropriate nickname for a new case when the star decided to focus special attention on this rape of a 6-year-old ‘ he 's been called the beast , the monster , the evil sex maniac … .

Unlike cases of rape or indecent assault , where the survivor 's account of the episode often provides the point of departure and main focus of attention , the victim of a murder attack is dead .
unlike cases of rape or indecent assault , where the survivor 's account of the episode often [gives] the point of departure and main focus of attention , the victim of a murder attack is dead .

This provides the evidence for possible regional variation in the focus of particular newspapers .
this [gives] the evidence for possible regional variation in the focus of particular newspapers .

However , the Sun 's italicised section in the body of its report — ‘ he had wooed her five years with champagne and romantic meals , getting just a kiss on the cheek in return ’ — provides the clear message of what allegedly out-of-work actresses are expected to give tycoons who make that son of trouble .
however , the sun 's italicised section in the body of its report — ‘ he had wooed her five years with champagne and romantic meals , getting just a kiss on the cheek in return ’ — [gives] the clear message of what allegedly out-of-work actresses are expected to give tycoons who make that son of trouble .

The Terrence Higgins Trust Advice Centre provides confidential help and advice on legal , welfare benefits and housing problems .
the terrence higgins trust advice centre [gives] confidential help and advice on legal , welfare benefits and housing problems .

Provides a wide range of services throughout Northern Ireland .
[gives] a wide range of services throughout northern ireland .

It provides a range of services in the London area .
it [gives] a range of services in the london area .

Provides a wide range of services throughout South Wales .
[gives] a wide range of services throughout south wales .

One example is ‘ Barnardo 's Positive Options ’ which provides confidential and independent information and practical help for parents who want to make plans for the future care of their children .
one example is ‘ barnardo 's positive options ’ which [gives] confidential and independent information and practical help for parents who want to make plans for the future care of their children .

The Angel Project provides free dental dams as well as offering advice and information for people with drug related problems .
the angel project [gives] free dental dams as well as offering advice and information for people with drug related problems .

‘ Puffers ’ self-service restaurant offers a good selection and the ‘ Bessemer Arms ’ , the Victorian replica pub provides fine food and bar facilities .
‘ puffers ’ self-service restaurant offers a good selection and the ‘ bessemer arms ’ , the victorian replica pub [gives] fine food and bar facilities .

Evidence of this is clearly visible at Norchard Station entrance , where a large water discharge pipe provides 75 million gallons in to the River Lyd daily .
evidence of this is clearly visible at norchard station entrance , where a large water discharge pipe [gives] 75 million gallons in to the river lyd daily .

It also provides one of the best photographic opportunities of two different forms of transport , which many railways can not boast .
it also [gives] one of the best photographic opportunities of two different forms of transport , which many railways can not boast .

The museum building itself was removed from Inchicore , Dublin , and was restructured from the old church of St. Jude , where many steam engineers worshipped and provides a most suitable for this unique and special collection .
the museum building itself was removed from inchicore , dublin , and was restructured from the old church of st. jude , where many steam engineers worshipped and [gives] a most suitable for this unique and special collection .

The development of the railway together with an appreciation of the equipment left behind provides the bedrock on which this lavish production is based .
the development of the railway together with an appreciation of the equipment left behind [gives] the bedrock on which this lavish production is based .

Superbly illustrated in both colour and black and white it provides a guide about what to see , where to see it and what to do in living railway history .
superbly illustrated in both colour and black and white it [gives] a guide about what to see , where to see it and what to do in living railway history .

provides consultancy and project management services for agricultural and related services worldwide financed by the international aid agencies .
[gives] consultancy and project management services for agricultural and related services worldwide financed by the international aid agencies .

The Corporate Headquarters provides strategic support to these businesses through the central provision of finance and planning , training , health , public relations and legal services .
the corporate headquarters [gives] strategic support to these businesses through the central provision of finance and planning , training , health , public relations and legal services .

The Aerodynamics Section provides expertise on the flow of air inside and outside buildings , and on the impact of air flow in energy requirements .
the aerodynamics section [gives] expertise on the flow of air inside and outside buildings , and on the impact of air flow in energy requirements .

Polytechnic South West is a leading degree-awarding institution — which provides quality higher education to some 11,500 students on four campuses situated in the attractive South West of England .
polytechnic south west is a leading degree-awarding institution — which [gives] quality higher education to some 11,500 students on four campuses situated in the attractive south west of england .

This also provides a valuable workshop for restoration of various projects , being a credit to all concerned .
this also [gives] a valuable workshop for restoration of various projects , being a credit to all concerned .

Ample car parking space provides excellent provision not only to the station , but to the working signal box , refreshment room and souvenir shop , plus the locomotive shed .
ample car parking space [gives] excellent provision not only to the station , but to the working signal box , refreshment room and souvenir shop , plus the locomotive shed .

The ecological model thus describes a gradually widening series of concentric circles , each of which provides a powerful series of influences and possibilities for interaction — and therefore learning .
the ecological model thus describes a gradually widening series of concentric circles , each of which [gives] a powerful series of influences and possibilities for interaction — and therefore learning .

Furthermore , the 1986 Disabled Persons Act , arising from a private member 's Bill and now on the statute book , seeks to carry forward for adults some of the more positive features of the 1981 Education Act — for example , it provides for the rights of all people with disabilities to take part or be represented in discussion and decision-making concerning services provided for them .
furthermore , the 1986 disabled persons act , arising from a private member 's bill and now on the statute book , seeks to carry forward for adults some of the more positive features of the 1981 education act — for example , it [gives] for the rights of all people with disabilities to take part or be represented in discussion and decision-making concerning services provided for them .

There are three main sources of light , the first of which is the sun which provides natural daylight .
there are three main sources of light , the first of which is the sun which [gives] natural daylight .

This makes efficient use of electricity and provides more light .
this makes efficient use of electricity and [gives] more light .

Back to basics go Head with their new Anatom tennis shoe , a shoe which , according to the company , provides the user with the perfect balance between fit , stability and shock absorption .
back to basics go head with their new anatom tennis shoe , a shoe which , according to the company , [gives] the user with the perfect balance between fit , stability and shock absorption .

The leather upper provides both comfort and flexibility of movement of the instep while the inside of the shoe , and especially the tongue , which is padded , is cushioned for maximum comfort .
the leather upper [gives] both comfort and flexibility of movement of the instep while the inside of the shoe , and especially the tongue , which is padded , is cushioned for maximum comfort .

Lotto , meanwhile , is targeting the serious competitor with its Syn Game Low tennis show , of full grain leather upper and featuring the so-called Syn Pulse system , which provides energy return , stability and shock absorption .
lotto , meanwhile , is targeting the serious competitor with its syn game low tennis show , of full grain leather upper and featuring the so-called syn pulse system , which [gives] energy return , stability and shock absorption .

You can , of course , invest in a stout muzzle , but this provides no real answer to this vice , since the dog will continue biting if it is given the opportunity .
you can , of course , invest in a stout muzzle , but this [gives] no real answer to this vice , since the dog will continue biting if it is given the opportunity .

( For a detailed presentation of anthropological theories concerning the study of war and conflict , see Ferguson 's ‘ Introduction ’ to Warfare , Culture , and Environment ( 1984 ) which , while adhering to a ‘ materialist ’ approach , nevertheless provides a useful overview of , other anthropological views . )
( for a detailed presentation of anthropological theories concerning the study of war and conflict , see ferguson 's ‘ introduction ’ to warfare , culture , and environment ( 1984 ) which , while adhering to a ‘ materialist ’ approach , nevertheless [gives] a useful overview of , other anthropological views . )

Commensality provides the most powerful means by which both the Buid and the predatory spirits assert the internal solidarity of their respective collectivities .
commensality [gives] the most powerful means by which both the buid and the predatory spirits assert the internal solidarity of their respective collectivities .

Hunting also provides the men with a public stage for the stylized display of virility .
hunting also [gives] the men with a public stage for the stylized display of virility .

Best known of the eastern glens , with a deserved reputation for the variety and beauty of its landscapes , is Glen Affric , a long straight cutting through the mountains that provides a connecting link between east and west for travellers on foot .
best known of the eastern glens , with a deserved reputation for the variety and beauty of its landscapes , is glen affric , a long straight cutting through the mountains that [gives] a connecting link between east and west for travellers on foot .

Kinlochleven must be classed as an industrial community because of the aluminium works , a vast complex that provides the main source of employment and was the cause of its emancipation from a village .
kinlochleven must be classed as an industrial community because of the aluminium works , a vast complex that [gives] the main source of employment and was the cause of its emancipation from a village .

The aim now is to improve and expand both facilities for passengers and the accommodation the railway provides for volunteers .
the aim now is to improve and expand both facilities for passengers and the accommodation the railway [gives] for volunteers .

Pied flycatchers breed primarily in broad-leafed woodland which provides the insect food , mainly caterpillars , they require to feed their young .
pied flycatchers breed primarily in broad-leafed woodland which [gives] the insect food , mainly caterpillars , they require to feed their young .

The pied flycatcher 's nest site , being a hole nest , provides protection from both predators and the weather , enabling the female to leave the young for short periods while she forages for food .
the pied flycatcher 's nest site , being a hole nest , [gives] protection from both predators and the weather , enabling the female to leave the young for short periods while she forages for food .

Inside , Glenside is comfortable and attractive , and the homely lounge with separate bar provides a welcoming atmosphere for a relaxing evening drink .
inside , glenside is comfortable and attractive , and the homely lounge with separate bar [gives] a welcoming atmosphere for a relaxing evening drink .

Easily Accessible : Rodmell is situated on the South Downs Way , so the immediate area is excellent for downland walks , and the River Ouse provides a variety of scenery and wildlife .
easily accessible : rodmell is situated on the south downs way , so the immediate area is excellent for downland walks , and the river ouse [gives] a variety of scenery and wildlife .

Nowell and Penny recommend the Angel in Stoke-by-Nayland which they say has become a favourite with visitors , and the Terrace Restaurant which provides a sophisticated atmosphere .
nowell and penny recommend the angel in stoke-by-nayland which they say has become a favourite with visitors , and the terrace restaurant which [gives] a sophisticated atmosphere .

Sharon is a cordon bleu trained cook and provides an excellent five-course table d'hôte menu whilst Attilio , who is something of an amateur but enthusiastic wine expert , will advise you on a suitable choice of wine .
sharon is a cordon bleu trained cook and [gives] an excellent five-course table d'hôte menu whilst attilio , who is something of an amateur but enthusiastic wine expert , will advise you on a suitable choice of wine .

The Carrbridge Landmark Centre provides nature trails , an excellent shop and a good selection of books .
the carrbridge landmark centre [gives] nature trails , an excellent shop and a good selection of books .

Moorlands is conveniently situated at the end of the West Highland Way and near to Ben Nevis ( Britain 's highest peak ) and so provides plenty of walks of varying levels which take in woods , hills , mountains , lochs and ruined castles .
moorlands is conveniently situated at the end of the west highland way and near to ben nevis ( britain 's highest peak ) and so [gives] plenty of walks of varying levels which take in woods , hills , mountains , lochs and ruined castles .

As access to the guest bathroom ( once a stocking factory ) is through the kitchen , Elspeth , concerned for one 's modesty , provides bathrobes .
as access to the guest bathroom ( once a stocking factory ) is through the kitchen , elspeth , concerned for one 's modesty , [gives] bathrobes .

The food is fresh , wholesome and imaginative and the menu provides an excellent choice of dishes .
the food is fresh , wholesome and imaginative and the menu [gives] an excellent choice of dishes .

The law provides that no medical treatment or other care should be given without the valid consent of the individual , except in the case of those detained in hospital under the Mental Health Act of 1983 and in certain other exceptional circumstances .
the law [gives] that no medical treatment or other care should be given without the valid consent of the individual , except in the case of those detained in hospital under the mental health act of 1983 and in certain other exceptional circumstances .

At its most basic , ‘ shelter ’ is a place of protection from the weather and a safe place to sleep , but people also need a home of their own , an environment which provides security , familiarity and a haven from the external world .
at its most basic , ‘ shelter ’ is a place of protection from the weather and a safe place to sleep , but people also need a home of their own , an environment which [gives] security , familiarity and a haven from the external world .

For many day care attenders , the service provides an alternative to going out to work .
for many day care attenders , the service [gives] an alternative to going out to work .

While for many people religious faith provides a spiritual backdrop to their lives , for others simply feeling a part of the continuity of human society provides the same spiritual dimension .
while for many people religious faith [gives] a spiritual backdrop to their lives , for others simply feeling a part of the continuity of human society [gives] the same spiritual dimension .

For people who work outside the home , work provides the main opportunity to form this loose social network but for others the same support is provided by an extended family network of children , grandchildren , brothers and sisters and neighbours .
for people who work outside the home , work [gives] the main opportunity to form this loose social network but for others the same support is provided by an extended family network of children , grandchildren , brothers and sisters and neighbours .

While many day centres and day hospitals provide a ‘ social club ’ environment , the environment is highly segregated and normally provides little opportunity for mixing with other people outside the mental health system or at evenings or weekends .
while many day centres and day hospitals provide a ‘ social club ’ environment , the environment is highly segregated and normally [gives] little opportunity for mixing with other people outside the mental health system or at evenings or weekends .

It provides them with the chance to be ‘ centre stage ’ and thus profoundly influence the delivery of care to mentally disordered people , and voluntary organizations have the additional advantage that they need only expand at their own pace , developing those areas which they know have the greatest need .
it [gives] them with the chance to be ‘ centre stage ’ and thus profoundly influence the delivery of care to mentally disordered people , and voluntary organizations have the additional advantage that they need only expand at their own pace , developing those areas which they know have the greatest need .

But they live in a physically impoverished environment which provides far fewer amenities than the average long-stay ward — the cost is often less than a third that of a hospital bed .
but they live in a physically impoverished environment which [gives] far fewer amenities than the average long-stay ward — the cost is often less than a third that of a hospital bed .

The advantages of using directly employed labour are as follows : ( a ) It provides management with flexibility , particularly in coping with crisis labour demands and small works .
the advantages of using directly employed labour are as follows : ( a ) it [gives] management with flexibility , particularly in coping with crisis labour demands and small works .

This method of procedure is less advantageous to the developer but provides the vendor with more protection of his interests .
this method of procedure is less advantageous to the developer but [gives] the vendor with more protection of his interests .

Finally : the Prescription Act 1832 , still in force , provides that easements other than rights to light become absolute if enjoyed for 20 years .
finally : the prescription act 1832 , still in force , [gives] that easements other than rights to light become absolute if enjoyed for 20 years .

The Rights of Way Act 1932 provides that where a way over land had been actually enjoyed by the public as of right and without interruption for a full period of 20 years , the way shall be deemed to have been dedicated as a highway , unless there is sufficient evidence that there was no intention during the 20-year period to dedicate it .
the rights of way act 1932 [gives] that where a way over land had been actually enjoyed by the public as of right and without interruption for a full period of 20 years , the way shall be deemed to have been dedicated as a highway , unless there is sufficient evidence that there was no intention during the 20-year period to dedicate it .

To this end a double-entry system of bookkeeping , where each debit has a corresponding credit entry , will be used , which provides an arithmetic check of the books .
to this end a double-entry system of bookkeeping , where each debit has a corresponding credit entry , will be used , which [gives] an arithmetic check of the books .

The 1981 Act in particular lays down how the information is to be presented and provides two formats for the balance sheet and a choice of four formats for the profit and loss account .
the 1981 act in particular lays down how the information is to be presented and [gives] two formats for the balance sheet and a choice of four formats for the profit and loss account .

It is , therefore , essential that competition policy provides such a set of rules or guidelines .
it is , therefore , essential that competition policy [gives] such a set of rules or guidelines .

Stigler 's insight was that randomness in demand provides scope for cheating on a collusive agreement , and creates a problem of statistical inference in enforcing that agreement .
stigler 's insight was that randomness in demand [gives] scope for cheating on a collusive agreement , and creates a problem of statistical inference in enforcing that agreement .

This theory builds upon transactions cost theory but , its proponents would argue , provides clearer predictions .
this theory builds upon transactions cost theory but , its proponents would argue , [gives] clearer predictions .

The common law provides quite an armoury of such principles , and new applications can be found for them by a bold judge .
the common law [gives] quite an armoury of such principles , and new applications can be found for them by a bold judge .

The moot competition provides a further element of rivalry .
the moot competition [gives] a further element of rivalry .

The lexical structure of a language , its stock of words and expressions and its established patterns of collocation , provides its speakers with ready-made ways of analysing and reporting experience .
the lexical structure of a language , its stock of words and expressions and its established patterns of collocation , [gives] its speakers with ready-made ways of analysing and reporting experience .

In effect , this means that the use of feminine forms provides more specific information than the use of masculine forms can be said to provide ; it rules out the possibility of masculine reference , whereas the use of masculine forms does not rule out the possibility of feminine reference .
in effect , this means that the use of feminine forms [gives] more specific information than the use of masculine forms can be said to provide ; it rules out the possibility of masculine reference , whereas the use of masculine forms does not rule out the possibility of feminine reference .

In the context of travel , location provides a natural point of orientation around which the text as a whole can be organized .
in the context of travel , location [gives] a natural point of orientation around which the text as a whole can be organized .

Is it , as one might expect , a question of rejecting the default option ( such as thematizing the subject in English declarative clauses ) in favour of an element which provides a smoother link with the preceding discourse ?
is it , as one might expect , a question of rejecting the default option ( such as thematizing the subject in english declarative clauses ) in favour of an element which [gives] a smoother link with the preceding discourse ?

Papegaaij and Schubert ( 1988 : 182 ) explain that the main advantage of extraposition is that it ‘ provides an escape to a higher and , in this particular respect , freer level ’ when word order is relatively fixed at clause level .
papegaaij and schubert ( 1988 : 182 ) explain that the main advantage of extraposition is that it ‘ [gives] an escape to a higher and , in this particular respect , freer level ’ when word order is relatively fixed at clause level .

This grammatical feature provides additional means of relating processes and actions to specific participants without the use of independent pronouns .
this grammatical feature [gives] additional means of relating processes and actions to specific participants without the use of independent pronouns .

In fact , the use of conjunction provides an insight into the whole logic of discourse ( Smith and Frawley , 1983 ) .
in fact , the use of conjunction [gives] an insight into the whole logic of discourse ( smith and frawley , 1983 ) .

Bortoni-Ricardo 's ( 1985 ) work in Brasilia provides an example of a sociolinguistic ‘ network ’ study of a closeknit migrant community from a very different kind of society , using methods very similar to those described here .
bortoni-ricardo 's ( 1985 ) work in brasilia [gives] an example of a sociolinguistic ‘ network ’ study of a closeknit migrant community from a very different kind of society , using methods very similar to those described here .

Second , it provides a means of approaching an analysis where the concept of social class is difficult to apply ; this is a problem commonly encountered by researchers studying minority ethnic groups , migrants , rural populations or populations in non-industrialized societies .
second , it [gives] a means of approaching an analysis where the concept of social class is difficult to apply ; this is a problem commonly encountered by researchers studying minority ethnic groups , migrants , rural populations or populations in non-industrialized societies .

Cumbersome as the formulation in table 6.7 may be , it provides useful information .
cumbersome as the formulation in table 6.7 may be , it [gives] useful information .

Butler provides a clear account of the assumptions underlying a number of different tests .
butler [gives] a clear account of the assumptions underlying a number of different tests .

Rogers and Burdge ( 1972 , 264 ) have also provided a definition of a community which provides a useful insight into why so many people have moved into the countryside in recent years , since it reads :
rogers and burdge ( 1972 , 264 ) have also provided a definition of a community which [gives] a useful insight into why so many people have moved into the countryside in recent years , since it reads :

Although some studies have been made of rural railways , the majority have looked at road-based public transport ( Halsall and Turton , 1979 ) , since only the road provides the flexibility required in rural areas .
although some studies have been made of rural railways , the majority have looked at road-based public transport ( halsall and turton , 1979 ) , since only the road [gives] the flexibility required in rural areas .

Although there is no generally agreed definition of a second home ( virtually every study provides its own ) it is methodologically very difficult to locate them , and the numbers of homes fluctuate wildly from year to year ( Shucksmith , 1983 ) .
although there is no generally agreed definition of a second home ( virtually every study [gives] its own ) it is methodologically very difficult to locate them , and the numbers of homes fluctuate wildly from year to year ( shucksmith , 1983 ) .

This not only provides an excellent summary of recreational use ( since it is based on a 1977 home-interview survey of 5,040 respondents ) ( Countryside Commission , 1982 ) but in addition it also provides an explanation for any deviation from the curve , as shown in Figure 7.3a theoretically , and in Figure 7.3b in practice .
this not only [gives] an excellent summary of recreational use ( since it is based on a 1977 home-interview survey of 5,040 respondents ) ( countryside commission , 1982 ) but in addition it also [gives] an explanation for any deviation from the curve , as shown in figure 7.3a theoretically , and in figure 7.3b in practice .

More commonly , however , the agent for the owner or head charterer is a specialized ship 's agent dedicated to service only specified owners or head charterers , who not only books chartered space but also provides port services for the chartered vessel .
more commonly , however , the agent for the owner or head charterer is a specialized ship 's agent dedicated to service only specified owners or head charterers , who not only books chartered space but also [gives] port services for the chartered vessel .

In other instances the consolidator provides a master air waybill that indicates the first airline by inserting that airline 's stamp accompanied by a mention of the consolidator 's agency but without an indicating of the flight number .
in other instances the consolidator [gives] a master air waybill that indicates the first airline by inserting that airline 's stamp accompanied by a mention of the consolidator 's agency but without an indicating of the flight number .

The recipient confirms receipt of the message to the carrier , and following this confirmation the carrier provides him with the private key .
the recipient confirms receipt of the message to the carrier , and following this confirmation the carrier [gives] him with the private key .

Once the carrier provides confirmation , the carrier transmits the relevant information to the new holder .
once the carrier [gives] confirmation , the carrier transmits the relevant information to the new holder .

The British government , whether Conservative or Labour , wants a solution that provides some safeguard for the Roman Catholic minority .
the british government , whether conservative or labour , wants a solution that [gives] some safeguard for the roman catholic minority .

It is this retreat from natural to social justifications of inequality that provides some hope for egalitarians in the future .
it is this retreat from natural to social justifications of inequality that [gives] some hope for egalitarians in the future .

Thus Donnison provides figures which show that in 1962 , 1 per cent of the professional households were living in overcrowded conditions , i.e .
thus donnison [gives] figures which show that in 1962 , 1 per cent of the professional households were living in overcrowded conditions , i.e .

Similarly , Thatcher provides abundant evidence which shows that while most of the workers made redundant in the industrial sector were men , most of the expansion in the public services was in female employment .
similarly , thatcher [gives] abundant evidence which shows that while most of the workers made redundant in the industrial sector were men , most of the expansion in the public services was in female employment .

Table 5.4 covers the post-war period and provides detailed data concerning strike activity and payment of supplementary benefit .
table 5.4 covers the post-war period and [gives] detailed data concerning strike activity and payment of supplementary benefit .

’ The backing of the union is not only important because of the information and clerical services it provides to strikers applying for supplementary benefit , but also , perhaps , because it evokes a more sympathetic treatment from the supplementary benefit officers .
’ the backing of the union is not only important because of the information and clerical services it [gives] to strikers applying for supplementary benefit , but also , perhaps , because it evokes a more sympathetic treatment from the supplementary benefit officers .

Table 5.5 provides a summary of the results .
table 5.5 [gives] a summary of the results .

But sentencing principles and sentencing practice are matters of legitimate concern to Government , and Parliament provides the funds necessary to give effect to the court 's decisions .
but sentencing principles and sentencing practice are matters of legitimate concern to government , and parliament [gives] the funds necessary to give effect to the court 's decisions .

It did n't occur to the purchaser of the pure cotton Live Aid souvenir tee-shirt to ponder the fact that the Sudan provides a huge amount of the raw cotton demanded by the cheap tee-shirt industry , yet millions of Sudanese citizens have never had a square meal in their lives .
it did n't occur to the purchaser of the pure cotton live aid souvenir tee-shirt to ponder the fact that the sudan [gives] a huge amount of the raw cotton demanded by the cheap tee-shirt industry , yet millions of sudanese citizens have never had a square meal in their lives .

The resurgence of ‘ fashion ’ as a topic high on the agenda , the preoccupation with food and clothing as matters of status and importance , provides as big and as successful a distraction now as it ever did .
the resurgence of ‘ fashion ’ as a topic high on the agenda , the preoccupation with food and clothing as matters of status and importance , [gives] as big and as successful a distraction now as it ever did .

Silhouette also provides this with their new ‘ Desire ’ label , which was developed in response to ‘ consumer demands for a new series ’ .
silhouette also [gives] this with their new ‘ desire ’ label , which was developed in response to ‘ consumer demands for a new series ’ .

Folk culture provides the clearest example of this process , since it involves informal but deliberate procedures for the oral transmission of an expanding folksong repertoire from one generation to the next .
folk culture [gives] the clearest example of this process , since it involves informal but deliberate procedures for the oral transmission of an expanding folksong repertoire from one generation to the next .

The independent sector provides some models and much experience for any new initiatives at grassroots level .
the independent sector [gives] some models and much experience for any new initiatives at grassroots level .

The massive surge in house prices in London between 1984 and 1987 provides some indication of the scale of pent-up demand for new housing , only a relatively small fraction of which can be met within London itself .
the massive surge in house prices in london between 1984 and 1987 [gives] some indication of the scale of pent-up demand for new housing , only a relatively small fraction of which can be met within london itself .

Table 9.1 provides a breakdown of the expenditure assessment for England in 1985/6 by very broad headings .
table 9.1 [gives] a breakdown of the expenditure assessment for england in 1985/6 by very broad headings .

On the whole , there is very little variation between Authorities in the amounts per head allocated on the basis of total population figures , although Westminster provides a striking exception ; the very large amount for Westminster derives from the large daytime population , since all provision for library expenditure for commuters is transferred to their place of work ! The quite complicated allowances for provision of expenditure based on different age groups result in almost no differentiation between authorities suggesting that considerable simplification would be in order .
on the whole , there is very little variation between authorities in the amounts per head allocated on the basis of total population figures , although westminster [gives] a striking exception ; the very large amount for westminster derives from the large daytime population , since all provision for library expenditure for commuters is transferred to their place of work ! the quite complicated allowances for provision of expenditure based on different age groups result in almost no differentiation between authorities suggesting that considerable simplification would be in order .

Haskey ( 1986 ) provides estimates of the confidence interval around the adjusted estimate for 1984 of 940 000 families of plus or minus 60 000 families .
haskey ( 1986 ) [gives] estimates of the confidence interval around the adjusted estimate for 1984 of 940 000 families of plus or minus 60 000 families .

Here the narrowness of social affairs in Lark Rise provides a means of accommodation to the otherwise harsh circumstances of rural life :
here the narrowness of social affairs in lark rise [gives] a means of accommodation to the otherwise harsh circumstances of rural life :

They are frequently semi-derelict , insanitary and damp and their restoration not only contributes to the renewal of the local housing stock but provides employment for local builders and traders .
they are frequently semi-derelict , insanitary and damp and their restoration not only contributes to the renewal of the local housing stock but [gives] employment for local builders and traders .

Derbyshire County Council Social Services Department provides a good-practice example of involving disabled people .
derbyshire county council social services department [gives] a good-practice example of involving disabled people .

Neither of these two basic approaches provides a completely satisfactory framework for understanding the experience of ageing .
neither of these two basic approaches [gives] a completely satisfactory framework for understanding the experience of ageing .

For one thing , it is not at all clear that in offering the facility of doing business in corporate form the state is performing a service materially different from the service it provides in making available and enforcing the rules of contract , which supports no such argument .
for one thing , it is not at all clear that in offering the facility of doing business in corporate form the state is performing a service materially different from the service it [gives] in making available and enforcing the rules of contract , which supports no such argument .

It shows further that since the social enterprise concept does not rely on a special characterisation of the role of the state in corporate existence , then even if the contract theory provides a more descriptively accurate account , no threat to the concept is entailed .
it shows further that since the social enterprise concept does not rely on a special characterisation of the role of the state in corporate existence , then even if the contract theory [gives] a more descriptively accurate account , no threat to the concept is entailed .

The Companies Act provides that companies must have directors but does not define their functions .
the companies act [gives] that companies must have directors but does not define their functions .

Section 309 ( 1 ) of the Companies Act 1985 provides that ‘ [ t ] he matters to which the directors of the company are to have regard in the performance of their functions include the interests of the company 's employees in general , as well as the interests of its members ’ .
section 309 ( 1 ) of the companies act 1985 [gives] that ‘ [ t ] he matters to which the directors of the company are to have regard in the performance of their functions include the interests of the company 's employees in general , as well as the interests of its members ’ .

Section 309 ( 2 ) provides that the duty is owed ‘ to the company ( and the company alone ) and is enforceable in the same way as any other fiduciary duty owed to a company by its directors ’ .
section 309 ( 2 ) [gives] that the duty is owed ‘ to the company ( and the company alone ) and is enforceable in the same way as any other fiduciary duty owed to a company by its directors ’ .

Another way of putting it , and this may be the section 's true significance , is that the section provides the directors with a defence in the event of their making a decision that favours the employees at the shareholders ' expense .
another way of putting it , and this may be the section 's true significance , is that the section [gives] the directors with a defence in the event of their making a decision that favours the employees at the shareholders ' expense .

The negative impact of the market invites the question whether it might be desirable to find a substitute for , and not merely a supplement to , the discipline the latter market provides .
the negative impact of the market invites the question whether it might be desirable to find a substitute for , and not merely a supplement to , the discipline the latter market [gives] .

This calculation may look cumbersome , but it takes very little time and provides record storage positions very effectively .
this calculation may look cumbersome , but it takes very little time and [gives] record storage positions very effectively .

Appendix 5 provides extended synonym tables and curves for more precise work in this field .
appendix 5 [gives] extended synonym tables and curves for more precise work in this field .

Fig. 6. 19 shows the improvement that can be achieved in 80/20 type files — those in which 80 per cent of the accesses are to 20 per cent of the records — for buckets holding one , two , three and four records over a wide range of packing densities , and Table 6.8 provides figures for a number of bucket sizes and packing densities .
fig. 6. 19 shows the improvement that can be achieved in 80/20 type files — those in which 80 per cent of the accesses are to 20 per cent of the records — for buckets holding one , two , three and four records over a wide range of packing densities , and table 6.8 [gives] figures for a number of bucket sizes and packing densities .

If additions and deletions are more numerous than retrievals and updates , it turns out that the larger the proportion of additions , the larger the bucket size that provides the minimum number of accesses per reference to the file .
if additions and deletions are more numerous than retrievals and updates , it turns out that the larger the proportion of additions , the larger the bucket size that [gives] the minimum number of accesses per reference to the file .

This is called full indexing and provides a very rapid means of locating any given record .
this is called full indexing and [gives] a very rapid means of locating any given record .

Properly used , such a file provides an excellent compromise between the extremes of sequential processing with very rare enquiries that is best handled by sequential files , and direct processing with very infrequent sequential processing , for which direct files are most suitable .
properly used , such a file [gives] an excellent compromise between the extremes of sequential processing with very rare enquiries that is best handled by sequential files , and direct processing with very infrequent sequential processing , for which direct files are most suitable .

This provides a file that is well packed ; however , if conditions change later the file needs to he respecified .
this [gives] a file that is well packed ; however , if conditions change later the file needs to he respecified .

Manufacturers ' software often provides information about overflow areas that can assist in this ; the use of this information is discussed in a later section .
manufacturers ' software often [gives] information about overflow areas that can assist in this ; the use of this information is discussed in a later section .

Manufacturers ' software usually provides for two formats , as discussed in Chapter 3 ( see p. 57 ) .
manufacturers ' software usually [gives] for two formats , as discussed in chapter 3 ( see p. 57 ) .

The cellar provides lots of rope .
the cellar [gives] lots of rope .

‘ Now then , Delia , ’ brisk , all at once , ‘ when dealing with Wills the law provides a floor on what 's left to a wife .
‘ now then , delia , ’ brisk , all at once , ‘ when dealing with wills the law [gives] a floor on what 's left to a wife .

Constitutionalism by dividing power provides a system of effective restraints upon governmental action .
constitutionalism by dividing power [gives] a system of effective restraints upon governmental action .

Finally , the House of Lords provides a forum removed from party ties and considerations , where the experienced and distinguished perform functions of assistance , advice , continuity and , when needed , a measure of restraint on the popularly-elected transient majority in the House of Commons .
finally , the house of lords [gives] a forum removed from party ties and considerations , where the experienced and distinguished perform functions of assistance , advice , continuity and , when needed , a measure of restraint on the popularly-elected transient majority in the house of commons .

If some conception of the nature and dimensions of the relevant political community provides the framework for the operation of the doctrine , equally some conception of democracy must provide its substantive political content .
if some conception of the nature and dimensions of the relevant political community [gives] the framework for the operation of the doctrine , equally some conception of democracy must provide its substantive political content .

What the statute itself enacts can not be unlawful , because what the statute says and provides is itself the law , and the highest form of law that is known to this country .
what the statute itself enacts can not be unlawful , because what the statute says and [gives] is itself the law , and the highest form of law that is known to this country .

Some cathedrals now follow a lectionary which provides for shorter excerpts from the Psalter and have been affected by the liturgical changes of the recent past .
some cathedrals now follow a lectionary which [gives] for shorter excerpts from the psalter and have been affected by the liturgical changes of the recent past .

This allows the cathedral organist to devote most of his time to directing the choir , whilst the assistant or scholar provides the organ accompaniment .
this allows the cathedral organist to devote most of his time to directing the choir , whilst the assistant or scholar [gives] the organ accompaniment .

Very many different languages are spoken , both by the community and by their visitors who come from all over the world , and Latin provides a lingua franca .
very many different languages are spoken , both by the community and by their visitors who come from all over the world , and latin [gives] a lingua franca .

The system of organ scholarships provides young musicians with opportunities to learn on the job as an apprentice , but a degree in music is also increasingly required .
the system of organ scholarships [gives] young musicians with opportunities to learn on the job as an apprentice , but a degree in music is also increasingly required .

The former provides an involvement in the parish almost wholly at the level of observation , normally in the company of the incumbent .
the former [gives] an involvement in the parish almost wholly at the level of observation , normally in the company of the incumbent .

Their writing has wide appeal and provides material for many publications .
their writing has wide appeal and [gives] material for many publications .

The photocopier , for example , not only reduces pressure and demand upon publishing houses , but also allows newly-composed music to be tried out in manuscript before seeking the permanency which publishing provides .
the photocopier , for example , not only reduces pressure and demand upon publishing houses , but also allows newly-composed music to be tried out in manuscript before seeking the permanency which publishing [gives] .

For the congregation , musicians and clergy involved , it provides an incentive to their best efforts which may not be so marked at other times .
for the congregation , musicians and clergy involved , it [gives] an incentive to their best efforts which may not be so marked at other times .

This is growing in popularity and provides an opportunity for sensitive and careful experimentation in order to embrace a wide range of local people , of all ages and with different musical preferences .
this is growing in popularity and [gives] an opportunity for sensitive and careful experimentation in order to embrace a wide range of local people , of all ages and with different musical preferences .

It provides a good contrast to more elaborate music .
it [gives] a good contrast to more elaborate music .

The singing of an anthem provides , above all , the opportunity for this .
the singing of an anthem [gives] , above all , the opportunity for this .

Not the least of its benefits is that a music group provides a means of involving more people , especially youngsters , in its life .
not the least of its benefits is that a music group [gives] a means of involving more people , especially youngsters , in its life .

It provides perhaps little incentive for most youngsters in today 's affluent society .
it [gives] perhaps little incentive for most youngsters in today 's affluent society .

This is not only helpful to the church but provides valuable experience for the person concerned .
this is not only helpful to the church but [gives] valuable experience for the person concerned .

His own research on female undergraduate students of physics provides further support for this conclusion ; many of them explicitly dissociated themselves from the male physics students and their ambitions .
his own research on female undergraduate students of physics [gives] further support for this conclusion ; many of them explicitly dissociated themselves from the male physics students and their ambitions .

This provides a contrast with many of the English papers which had the occasional question on ‘ Discuss Rossetti's/Dickens's/Browning 's representation of women ’ , but never had anything on an author 's representation of men .
this [gives] a contrast with many of the english papers which had the occasional question on ‘ discuss rossetti's/dickens's/browning 's representation of women ’ , but never had anything on an author 's representation of men .

The foundation stage is then followed by , or merges into , a more specific stage which provides a more specialized education or training , which may be on or off the job , or a mixture of both .
the foundation stage is then followed by , or merges into , a more specific stage which [gives] a more specialized education or training , which may be on or off the job , or a mixture of both .

The generally utilitarian function , if not rationale of medieval universities ( Cobban 1975 ) , is acknowledged even by those such as Veblen ( 1957 , p. 3 ) , who argued that the best principles for academic endeavour are ‘ an Idle curiosity , and the Instinct of Workmanship ’ , and provides ammunition for Bell ( 1971 ) and others who contend that the liberal tradition is based largely on an historical myth .
the generally utilitarian function , if not rationale of medieval universities ( cobban 1975 ) , is acknowledged even by those such as veblen ( 1957 , p. 3 ) , who argued that the best principles for academic endeavour are ‘ an idle curiosity , and the instinct of workmanship ’ , and [gives] ammunition for bell ( 1971 ) and others who contend that the liberal tradition is based largely on an historical myth .

If Comte 's positivism provides an example of the apparent continuing influence of one nineteenth-century idea on the undergraduate curriculum , the notion of a liberal education , and in particular its expression by Newman in The Idea of a University ( initially in 1852 and later in 1873 ) provides another .
if comte 's positivism [gives] an example of the apparent continuing influence of one nineteenth-century idea on the undergraduate curriculum , the notion of a liberal education , and in particular its expression by newman in the idea of a university ( initially in 1852 and later in 1873 ) [gives] another .

Nevertheless , the literature on the professions per se provides a useful entrée into this type of education , because it identifies some of the main themes which characterize not only those professions but preparation for them : the existence of a body of specialized knowledge and expertise ; the influence of professional norms and ethics ; the autonomy and responsibility of the professional ; the relationships with colleagues , clients and the state .
nevertheless , the literature on the professions per se [gives] a useful entrée into this type of education , because it identifies some of the main themes which characterize not only those professions but preparation for them : the existence of a body of specialized knowledge and expertise ; the influence of professional norms and ethics ; the autonomy and responsibility of the professional ; the relationships with colleagues , clients and the state .

The first provides a more general form of academic course than the specialized academic degrees described above .
the first [gives] a more general form of academic course than the specialized academic degrees described above .

In the past , that wholeness was to be found in the college or the institution and its organic community , but in modern times it tends to be located in the subject-department , which becomes in Burke 's phrase the ‘ little platoon ’ which provides the student with his or her identity , base and purpose ( Mansell 1976 ) .
in the past , that wholeness was to be found in the college or the institution and its organic community , but in modern times it tends to be located in the subject-department , which becomes in burke 's phrase the ‘ little platoon ’ which [gives] the student with his or her identity , base and purpose ( mansell 1976 ) .

Status is a complex business , reflecting not only the content of the course , but the institution that provides it , the kinds of student it attracts , and their subsequent careers .
status is a complex business , reflecting not only the content of the course , but the institution that [gives] it , the kinds of student it attracts , and their subsequent careers .

The existence of these sets provides an important sociolinguistic resource for inner-city speakers , and their survival must surely depend on this .
the existence of these sets [gives] an important sociolinguistic resource for inner-city speakers , and their survival must surely depend on this .

Wyld ( 1936 : 198 ) provides evidence for this .
wyld ( 1936 : 198 ) [gives] evidence for this .

This provides firms with large collective memories .
this [gives] firms with large collective memories .

This procedure provides plenty of room for fudging the figures and building in arbitrary assumptions .
this procedure [gives] plenty of room for fudging the figures and building in arbitrary assumptions .

Leadership provides organizational values which can serve as a basis for the development of mutual trust and commitment .
leadership [gives] organizational values which can serve as a basis for the development of mutual trust and commitment .

His study on psychoanalysis was crucial in this respect and it still provides the basic model for the particular notion of social representation ( Moscovici , 1976 ) .
his study on psychoanalysis was crucial in this respect and it still [gives] the basic model for the particular notion of social representation ( moscovici , 1976 ) .

In this way particularization is viewed as operating in the service of categorization , rather than as the counterpart , which provides the possibility of negation .
in this way particularization is viewed as operating in the service of categorization , rather than as the counterpart , which [gives] the possibility of negation .

The helping friend provides mining money for men , as well as independence and sex for women .
the helping friend [gives] mining money for men , as well as independence and sex for women .

The extreme right provides a sort of ideological laboratory in miniature .
the extreme right [gives] a sort of ideological laboratory in miniature .

The case of Jean-Marie Le Pen in France provides the most dramatic illustration of this duality .
the case of jean-marie le pen in france [gives] the most dramatic illustration of this duality .

Certainly , Gunnar Myrdal 's great work The American Dilemma provides evidence that , even in the deep South , during the days of segregation , the expression of racism was not completely uninhibited .
certainly , gunnar myrdal 's great work the american dilemma [gives] evidence that , even in the deep south , during the days of segregation , the expression of racism was not completely uninhibited .

Voltaire provides a good example of the way in which the philosophy of rationality implied a theory of irrationality , which was based upon psychological ideas about the source of erroneous thought .
voltaire [gives] a good example of the way in which the philosophy of rationality implied a theory of irrationality , which was based upon psychological ideas about the source of erroneous thought .

Section 2(1) of the European Communities Act 1972 provides :
section 2(1) of the european communities act 1972 [gives] :

The issue of the validity or otherwise of member state legislation restricting Sunday trading will receive further review when the European Court provides guidance following another reference to it .
the issue of the validity or otherwise of member state legislation restricting sunday trading will receive further review when the european court [gives] guidance following another reference to it .

The High Court and County Courts Jurisdiction Order 1991 provides that cases to a value of £25 000 must be heard in the County Court .
the high court and county courts jurisdiction order 1991 [gives] that cases to a value of £25 000 must be heard in the county court .

It may impose a fine of up to £2000 ( unless the Statute creating the offence provides otherwise ) and a maximum term of six months ' imprisonment on any one charge ( and a maximum of twelve months where the person is charged with more than one offence triable ‘ either way ’ , e.g .
it may impose a fine of up to £2000 ( unless the statute creating the offence [gives] otherwise ) and a maximum term of six months ' imprisonment on any one charge ( and a maximum of twelve months where the person is charged with more than one offence triable ‘ either way ’ , e.g .

This is a distinct and separate legal entity from the people who own it which provides limited liability for shareholders .
this is a distinct and separate legal entity from the people who own it which [gives] limited liability for shareholders .

Section 5 of the Business Names Act 1985 provides that where a person fails to comply with the requirement set out in s. 5 and thereafter seeks to enforce a business contract with a party in default by means of a court action , ( a ) if the person in default can establish that he or she has a claim against the proprietor , which due to the proprietor 's failure to comply with s. 5 he or she has been unable to pursue , or ( b ) if a breach by the proprietor of s. 5 has caused the person in default some financial loss , the proprietor 's claim shall be dismissed , unless it is ‘ just and equitable ’ that the proprietor should be allowed to continue the action .
section 5 of the business names act 1985 [gives] that where a person fails to comply with the requirement set out in s. 5 and thereafter seeks to enforce a business contract with a party in default by means of a court action , ( a ) if the person in default can establish that he or she has a claim against the proprietor , which due to the proprietor 's failure to comply with s. 5 he or she has been unable to pursue , or ( b ) if a breach by the proprietor of s. 5 has caused the person in default some financial loss , the proprietor 's claim shall be dismissed , unless it is ‘ just and equitable ’ that the proprietor should be allowed to continue the action .

Section 2 of the Partnership Act 1890 provides that where certain circumstances exist the law presumes that the persons concerned intend to create a partnership .
section 2 of the partnership act 1890 [gives] that where certain circumstances exist the law presumes that the persons concerned intend to create a partnership .

Common or joint ownership of property : s. 2 ( 1 ) provides that common ownership of property is not sufficient in itself to create a partnership .
common or joint ownership of property : s. 2 ( 1 ) [gives] that common ownership of property is not sufficient in itself to create a partnership .

Section 2 ( 2 ) provides in like terms for a share in the gross returns from a business or property .
section 2 ( 2 ) [gives] in like terms for a share in the gross returns from a business or property .

Taking a share of the profits : Prior to s. 2(3) of the Partnership Act 1890 , the courts had decided that if a person took any share in the profits of a business this made that person a partner . Section 2(3) provides :
taking a share of the profits : prior to s. 2(3) of the partnership act 1890 , the courts had decided that if a person took any share in the profits of a business this made that person a partner . section 2(3) [gives] :

Section ( 3 ) further provides five particular situations which do not per se render the persons involved partners .
section ( 3 ) further [gives] five particular situations which do not per se render the persons involved partners .

Since not all partnerships are created formally by means of a partnership deed , s. 24 of the Partnership Act 1890 provides for certain rights of partners .
since not all partnerships are created formally by means of a partnership deed , s. 24 of the partnership act 1890 [gives] for certain rights of partners .

Illegality . Where an event has occurred ( e.g. the passing of legislation by Parliament ) which renders the business carried on by the partnership unlawful , s. 34 of the 1890 Act provides for the ending of the partnership
illegality . where an event has occurred ( e.g. the passing of legislation by parliament ) which renders the business carried on by the partnership unlawful , s. 34 of the 1890 act [gives] for the ending of the partnership

Section 44 of the Partnership Act makes clear the procedure to be followed for the distribution of assets ; s. 44(a) provides :
section 44 of the partnership act makes clear the procedure to be followed for the distribution of assets ; s. 44(a) [gives] :

In the happier situation where the assets are sufficient , s. 44 ( b ) provides that debts and liabilities to persons outside the partnership are to be settled first : partners ' loans should then be repaid ; thereafter , partners ' capital contributions and finally any surplus assets should be distributed among the partners in the same proportions as they are entitled to take a share in the profits .
in the happier situation where the assets are sufficient , s. 44 ( b ) [gives] that debts and liabilities to persons outside the partnership are to be settled first : partners ' loans should then be repaid ; thereafter , partners ' capital contributions and finally any surplus assets should be distributed among the partners in the same proportions as they are entitled to take a share in the profits .

Section 13(3) provides that from the date of incorporation , stated in the certificate , the subscribers to the memorandum become a body corporate with the name contained in the memorandum .
section 13(3) [gives] that from the date of incorporation , stated in the certificate , the subscribers to the memorandum become a body corporate with the name contained in the memorandum .

Section 13 ( 5 ) provides that the persons named in the statement ( required by s. 10 upon registration of the company ) shall , upon incorporation , be treated as appointed to be the company 's directors .
section 13 ( 5 ) [gives] that the persons named in the statement ( required by s. 10 upon registration of the company ) shall , upon incorporation , be treated as appointed to be the company 's directors .

Section 303 of the Companies Act 1985 provides that a company may by ordinary resolution remove a director before the expiration of his or her period of office and despite anything in the company 's articles or in any agreement between the company and the director .
section 303 of the companies act 1985 [gives] that a company may by ordinary resolution remove a director before the expiration of his or her period of office and despite anything in the company 's articles or in any agreement between the company and the director .

Section 303 ( 5 ) provides that the section does not deprive the director of the right to sue for damages for breach of contract , if in fact he or she has one .
section 303 ( 5 ) [gives] that the section does not deprive the director of the right to sue for damages for breach of contract , if in fact he or she has one .

Section 122(1) of the Insolvency Act 1986 provides that a company may be wound up by the court if :
section 122(1) of the insolvency act 1986 [gives] that a company may be wound up by the court if :

The procedure for winding up by the court . Section 124 of the Insolvency Act provides that a winding up petition may be presented to the court by :
the procedure for winding up by the court . section 124 of the insolvency act [gives] that a winding up petition may be presented to the court by :

The lease granted by the landlord to the tenant gives the tenant exclusive possession of the premises for a fixed period of time , at the end of which ( subject to any statute which provides otherwise ) the property reverts to the landlord .
the lease granted by the landlord to the tenant gives the tenant exclusive possession of the premises for a fixed period of time , at the end of which ( subject to any statute which [gives] otherwise ) the property reverts to the landlord .

However , most leases incorporate a rent review clause which provides for the periodic raising of the rent .
however , most leases incorporate a rent review clause which [gives] for the periodic raising of the rent .

‘ Where the occupier of premises agrees for reward that a person shall have the right to enter and use them for a mutually contemplated purpose , the contract between the parties ( unless it provides to the contrary ) contains an implied warranty that the premises are as safe for that purpose as reasonable care and skill on the part of anyone can make them . ’
‘ where the occupier of premises agrees for reward that a person shall have the right to enter and use them for a mutually contemplated purpose , the contract between the parties ( unless it [gives] to the contrary ) contains an implied warranty that the premises are as safe for that purpose as reasonable care and skill on the part of anyone can make them . ’

The work to be considered in this chapter provides for a temporary completion of the argument concerning the nature of objectification to which the first part of this book has been devoted .
the work to be considered in this chapter [gives] for a temporary completion of the argument concerning the nature of objectification to which the first part of this book has been devoted .

It also introduces a brief discussion of material culture , which is the subject of the next section , and provides a bridge with the major subject of the third section , the nature of mass consumption .
it also introduces a brief discussion of material culture , which is the subject of the next section , and [gives] a bridge with the major subject of the third section , the nature of mass consumption .

As Simmel and every subsequent commentator on this work has stressed , The Philosophy of Money is not intended primarily as a treatise on money as an economic form , but as an examination of the increasingly abstract nature of human relations , for which money provides a symbol and an instrument .
as simmel and every subsequent commentator on this work has stressed , the philosophy of money is not intended primarily as a treatise on money as an economic form , but as an examination of the increasingly abstract nature of human relations , for which money [gives] a symbol and an instrument .

Money , paradoxically , provides the major means of detachment from direct economic involvement , and is the basis of the professions and pure research .
money , paradoxically , [gives] the major means of detachment from direct economic involvement , and is the basis of the professions and pure research .

The rise of science , and of technological rationality with which it is closely associated , provides the basis for this reduction of human relations from qualitative to quantitative forms , of which money is the dominant model .
the rise of science , and of technological rationality with which it is closely associated , [gives] the basis for this reduction of human relations from qualitative to quantitative forms , of which money is the dominant model .

What is stressed rather is that the same phenomenon provides the foundation for both historical tendencies .
what is stressed rather is that the same phenomenon [gives] the foundation for both historical tendencies .

This argument was later extended with respect to the experience of living in the modern metropolis , which Simmel suggests provides for a massive intensification of stimulation and experience , but which threatens to overwhelm us as objective culture ( 1950 : 409–24 ) .
this argument was later extended with respect to the experience of living in the modern metropolis , which simmel suggests [gives] for a massive intensification of stimulation and experience , but which threatens to overwhelm us as objective culture ( 1950 : 409–24 ) .

In many respects , Weber provides an alternative source for a study of the rise of abstraction , the attitudes which relate to it , and the institutions it produced .
in many respects , weber [gives] an alternative source for a study of the rise of abstraction , the attitudes which relate to it , and the institutions it produced .

On the other hand , Simmel provides an excellent example of the grounding of Hegelian ideas as a model of culture , and specifically modern culture , and clearly demonstrates how these ideas may be used in the exploration of the everyday goods of the mass market ( e.g .
on the other hand , simmel [gives] an excellent example of the grounding of hegelian ideas as a model of culture , and specifically modern culture , and clearly demonstrates how these ideas may be used in the exploration of the everyday goods of the mass market ( e.g .

Simmel 's work provides a focus for a review or the metamorphosis or the concept of objectification .
simmel 's work [gives] a focus for a review or the metamorphosis or the concept of objectification .

As an alternative perspective on infant development , Melanie Klein 's article ‘ Notes on some Schizoid Mechanisms ’ ( 1975 : 1–24 ) , provides a rather more sophisticated analysis of actual mechanisms which may be involved in ontogenesis , revealing a more complex cycle of interaction between subject and object , which does not presuppose an entirely positive sequence of development .
as an alternative perspective on infant development , melanie klein 's article ‘ notes on some schizoid mechanisms ’ ( 1975 : 1–24 ) , [gives] a rather more sophisticated analysis of actual mechanisms which may be involved in ontogenesis , revealing a more complex cycle of interaction between subject and object , which does not presuppose an entirely positive sequence of development .

Klein provides perhaps the least teleological analysis of the development of a subject , and her examples of adult psychosis may be linked to Hegel 's , and especially Marx 's , models of rupture , since they appear to result from the subject 's belief in the alien nature of some fragmented aspects of the self it has become unable to sublate .
klein [gives] perhaps the least teleological analysis of the development of a subject , and her examples of adult psychosis may be linked to hegel 's , and especially marx 's , models of rupture , since they appear to result from the subject 's belief in the alien nature of some fragmented aspects of the self it has become unable to sublate .

Some of the interpretations she provides , especially the emphasis on overt sexual imagery , may strike the reader who does not belong to the psychoanalytical tradition as quite unconvincing , but even if the specifics of her analysis are rejected , what emerges clearly is the centrality of play to the infant 's projective processes ; that is , the use of play as enactment .
some of the interpretations she [gives] , especially the emphasis on overt sexual imagery , may strike the reader who does not belong to the psychoanalytical tradition as quite unconvincing , but even if the specifics of her analysis are rejected , what emerges clearly is the centrality of play to the infant 's projective processes ; that is , the use of play as enactment .

Freud 's example of the fort-da game in which the child pretends to lose and find something as an enactment within a domain it can control , of its sense of separation from , and the return of the mother , provides a classic case of the problems of how to interpret vicarious activity .
freud 's example of the fort-da game in which the child pretends to lose and find something as an enactment within a domain it can control , of its sense of separation from , and the return of the mother , [gives] a classic case of the problems of how to interpret vicarious activity .

This provides a link with the more general tradition developed from Freud , which emphasizes the unconscious as an alternative site for the study of the contradictory nature of the individual ( and social ) body , especially in its relations with the external world seen as a ‘ reality principle ’ .
this [gives] a link with the more general tradition developed from freud , which emphasizes the unconscious as an alternative site for the study of the contradictory nature of the individual ( and social ) body , especially in its relations with the external world seen as a ‘ reality principle ’ .

The concept of objectification provides the basis for examining such an assumption , and any critique of the notion of society as the privileged signified over culture may be extended to consider the nature of the sign in general .
the concept of objectification [gives] the basis for examining such an assumption , and any critique of the notion of society as the privileged signified over culture may be extended to consider the nature of the sign in general .

In general , however , it is only the massive gulf between perceptual ability and linguistic competence of conscious articulation which provides evidence in day to day experience of the power of an unconscious oriented towards objects rather than language ; but this alone implies that the object world holds great significance .
in general , however , it is only the massive gulf between perceptual ability and linguistic competence of conscious articulation which [gives] evidence in day to day experience of the power of an unconscious oriented towards objects rather than language ; but this alone implies that the object world holds great significance .

Where the conventional wooden frame is inappropriate , as in many forms of modern art , the gallery itself provides the larger frame which is an index of the nature of its contents ; or , at a still more abstract though obviously more explicit level this function is performed by the category art itself .
where the conventional wooden frame is inappropriate , as in many forms of modern art , the gallery itself [gives] the larger frame which is an index of the nature of its contents ; or , at a still more abstract though obviously more explicit level this function is performed by the category art itself .

In his key work on this subject ( 1977 ) , Bourdieu begins with a critical account of that anthropological structuralism which provides him with one of his main methodological tools .
in his key work on this subject ( 1977 ) , bourdieu begins with a critical account of that anthropological structuralism which [gives] him with one of his main methodological tools .

Bourdieu , by virtue of his many anthropological examples , provides one of the most satisfactory resolutions of this age-old conflict between being made in history and creating history .
bourdieu , by virtue of his many anthropological examples , [gives] one of the most satisfactory resolutions of this age-old conflict between being made in history and creating history .

The habitus is viewed as a structured set of dispositions which provides a basis for the enactment of strategy according to interest , perspective and power .
the habitus is viewed as a structured set of dispositions which [gives] a basis for the enactment of strategy according to interest , perspective and power .

Appadurai ( 1986 ) provides a survey of some of the relevant literature , pointing out that in some respects commodities are not necessarily as divorced from wider cultural considerations as is often supposed .
appadurai ( 1986 ) [gives] a survey of some of the relevant literature , pointing out that in some respects commodities are not necessarily as divorced from wider cultural considerations as is often supposed .

The smaller portable artefact , by contrast , lends itself to being exported to areas outside of its site of discovery , and thereby provides evidence for more abstract legiti-mations ; for example , the claim by colonial governments to represent the historical legacy of a sequence of great accomplishments is subsumed and given meaning by the concept of civilization .
the smaller portable artefact , by contrast , lends itself to being exported to areas outside of its site of discovery , and thereby [gives] evidence for more abstract legiti-mations ; for example , the claim by colonial governments to represent the historical legacy of a sequence of great accomplishments is subsumed and given meaning by the concept of civilization .

Barth ( 1975 ) provides a remarkably clear instance of the alteration of the ‘ meaning ’ of a set of objects , in his account of a sequence of initiation rituals within a particular New Guinea society .
barth ( 1975 ) [gives] a remarkably clear instance of the alteration of the ‘ meaning ’ of a set of objects , in his account of a sequence of initiation rituals within a particular new guinea society .

Industrialization provides the backdrop for the study of the subsequent transformation into modern economic classes : the rise of colonialism is explained in terms of a search for markets , and wars in terms of economic competition .
industrialization [gives] the backdrop for the study of the subsequent transformation into modern economic classes : the rise of colonialism is explained in terms of a search for markets , and wars in terms of economic competition .

Marx provides a clear example of this in his analysis of the period of manufacture during which the social organization of production became concentrated in a variety of ways , such as the bringing together within one workshop of all of the stages in the production of a particular item .
marx [gives] a clear example of this in his analysis of the period of manufacture during which the social organization of production became concentrated in a variety of ways , such as the bringing together within one workshop of all of the stages in the production of a particular item .

McKendrick provides examples of the hundreds of hairstyles on offer in 1772 , or a pattern book for garments with 1,370 designs .
mckendrick [gives] examples of the hundreds of hairstyles on offer in 1772 , or a pattern book for garments with 1,370 designs .

Many of the familiar aspects of modernization , such as a rise of individualism and of specification in material culture use and scientific-rational order , may be traced in these studies , but the evidence provides a means of analysing such changes in terms of the structural organization of everyday objects for the population as a whole , and acts as a balance to the more common literary and self-reflective accounts or these changes .
many of the familiar aspects of modernization , such as a rise of individualism and of specification in material culture use and scientific-rational order , may be traced in these studies , but the evidence [gives] a means of analysing such changes in terms of the structural organization of everyday objects for the population as a whole , and acts as a balance to the more common literary and self-reflective accounts or these changes .

This tradition tends to focus upon mass consumption as the instrument of capital for which the individual subject is created as consumer , and provides important critical accounts of the mechanisms by which producers construct their markets ( e.g .
this tradition tends to focus upon mass consumption as the instrument of capital for which the individual subject is created as consumer , and [gives] important critical accounts of the mechanisms by which producers construct their markets ( e.g .

An ethnographically-based study set in Chicago ( Csikszentmihalyi and Rochberg-Halton 1981 ) provides an example of a very different approach to an anthropology of consumption .
an ethnographically-based study set in chicago ( csikszentmihalyi and rochberg-halton 1981 ) [gives] an example of a very different approach to an anthropology of consumption .

This perspective is here distilled out of the similarities between two major studies of consumption , one of which may almost be credited with initiating such studies , while the other provides the most extensive contemporary survey .
this perspective is here distilled out of the similarities between two major studies of consumption , one of which may almost be credited with initiating such studies , while the other [gives] the most extensive contemporary survey .

As habitus , this distinction between the Kantian and anti-Kantian aesthetic is both derived from material conditions , and in turn provides an insight into a classificatory scheme which may be applied to an infinite number of actual material and consumption domains .
as habitus , this distinction between the kantian and anti-kantian aesthetic is both derived from material conditions , and in turn [gives] an insight into a classificatory scheme which may be applied to an infinite number of actual material and consumption domains .

The term ‘ taste ’ provides a clue to its deep rooted nature .
the term ‘ taste ’ [gives] a clue to its deep rooted nature .

It also provides the key to the translation of high culture by emphasizing the importance of attaining knowledge about abstract and esoteric subjects .
it also [gives] the key to the translation of high culture by emphasizing the importance of attaining knowledge about abstract and esoteric subjects .

On the one hand , education provides a means by which business capital may reproduce its social order .
on the one hand , education [gives] a means by which business capital may reproduce its social order .

Bourdieu provides a fascinating array of domains divided according to the criteria of taste .
bourdieu [gives] a fascinating array of domains divided according to the criteria of taste .

Bourdieu 's habitus is as deeply rooted in material culture as in cognitive orders and social divisions , and it provides the means for combining an approach to all three .
bourdieu 's habitus is as deeply rooted in material culture as in cognitive orders and social divisions , and it [gives] the means for combining an approach to all three .

He provides a polythetic perspective on social position , exhibiting the structuralist preference for relationships over entities , so that all social attributes are understood primarily in terms of their co-variant properties .
he [gives] a polythetic perspective on social position , exhibiting the structuralist preference for relationships over entities , so that all social attributes are understood primarily in terms of their co-variant properties .

King provides evidence of the power of this structural logic in his example of the attempt by bungalow builders to ‘ invade , the countryside to such an extent as to threaten the forces which had , until then controlled the spatial distribution of various styles .
king [gives] evidence of the power of this structural logic in his example of the attempt by bungalow builders to ‘ invade , the countryside to such an extent as to threaten the forces which had , until then controlled the spatial distribution of various styles .

Baudrillard 's biography provides a clear example of the limits of extreme objectivism as an approach to mass commodities ( compare Anderson 1983 : 32–55 on post-structuralism in general ) .
baudrillard 's biography [gives] a clear example of the limits of extreme objectivism as an approach to mass commodities ( compare anderson 1983 : 32–55 on post-structuralism in general ) .

Table 2.2 provides basic data on regional manufacturing employment changes since the mid-'60s :
table 2.2 [gives] basic data on regional manufacturing employment changes since the mid-'60s :

For the remainder of this section we shall develop the distinction between service industries and service occupations as it provides a useful starting-point to consider some of the major post-war trends in service employment .
for the remainder of this section we shall develop the distinction between service industries and service occupations as it [gives] a useful starting-point to consider some of the major post-war trends in service employment .

This can be seen from Figure 3.1 which provides a long-term comparison of changes in the share of employment in the three main sectors of the economy — the primary , the secondary and the tertiary ( or service ) sector .
this can be seen from figure 3.1 which [gives] a long-term comparison of changes in the share of employment in the three main sectors of the economy — the primary , the secondary and the tertiary ( or service ) sector .

Taken together , the two trends are offered as an explanation of the growth of a service sector which provides the majority of jobs and , in turn , fulfils rising consumer demands .
taken together , the two trends are offered as an explanation of the growth of a service sector which [gives] the majority of jobs and , in turn , fulfils rising consumer demands .

Langenderfer ( 1973 ) suggests a normative view of accounting which considers three aspects : the nature of the information it provides ; to whom the information is provided ; and the purposes for which information is to be provided . He states ( p. 50 ) :
langenderfer ( 1973 ) suggests a normative view of accounting which considers three aspects : the nature of the information it [gives] ; to whom the information is provided ; and the purposes for which information is to be provided . he states ( p. 50 ) :

For example , there is the central/local government relationship whereby central government , as grantor , passes legislation that delegates the responsibility and provides the funding for the provision of various services to local authorities .
for example , there is the central/local government relationship whereby central government , as grantor , passes legislation that delegates the responsibility and [gives] the funding for the provision of various services to local authorities .

Central government provides information on its activities when it publishes its various expenditure statements .
central government [gives] information on its activities when it publishes its various expenditure statements .

The budget provides the essential link between the important elements of programming and operation .
the budget [gives] the essential link between the important elements of programming and operation .

The budget also provides a basis for evaluating performance .
the budget also [gives] a basis for evaluating performance .

That is , it provides data on what government consumes rather than data about what government does or about the purposes for which money is spent .
that is , it [gives] data on what government consumes rather than data about what government does or about the purposes for which money is spent .

It provides flexibility when across-the-board cuts have to be made for macroeconomic purposes .
it [gives] flexibility when across-the-board cuts have to be made for macroeconomic purposes .

Figure 3.1 provides an overview of these phases of management control .
figure 3.1 [gives] an overview of these phases of management control .

Because accounting provides information on the pattern of resources used , and has the potential to make visible what was previously unknown , it has the potential to shape the pattern of power and to influence an organization .
because accounting [gives] information on the pattern of resources used , and has the potential to make visible what was previously unknown , it has the potential to shape the pattern of power and to influence an organization .

To say that a particular department ( or programme ) provides value for money means that those who strive to provide the service do the best they can , within the resources that are available and the environment within which they operate .
to say that a particular department ( or programme ) [gives] value for money means that those who strive to provide the service do the best they can , within the resources that are available and the environment within which they operate .

Figure 3.2 provides a brief illustration of this process .
figure 3.2 [gives] a brief illustration of this process .

Table 4.1 provides an overview .
table 4.1 [gives] an overview .

provides a framework of accountability ;
[gives] a framework of accountability ;

provides opportunity for long-range planning ;
[gives] opportunity for long-range planning ;

provides opportunities to the programme staff to give their inputs in the decision-making process ;
[gives] opportunities to the programme staff to give their inputs in the decision-making process ;

Audit , as shown in figure 6. 1 , provides the independent link in the management cycle between programme and budget choices , and the use of funds and the results achieved .
audit , as shown in figure 6. 1 , [gives] the independent link in the management cycle between programme and budget choices , and the use of funds and the results achieved .

The Commission provides guidance on certain of the services or costs they wish reviewed ; for example , in introducing a higher proportion of civilians into the police force or boarding out a higher proportion of children in care .
the commission [gives] guidance on certain of the services or costs they wish reviewed ; for example , in introducing a higher proportion of civilians into the police force or boarding out a higher proportion of children in care .

To say that a particular department ( or programme ) provides value for money means that those who strive to provide the service do so as best they can , given the resources that are available and the environment within which they operate .
to say that a particular department ( or programme ) [gives] value for money means that those who strive to provide the service do so as best they can , given the resources that are available and the environment within which they operate .

It is a document in which the government sets out the Budget , the short-term economic forecast and the medium-term financial strategy , which provides the financial framework for economic policy .
it is a document in which the government sets out the budget , the short-term economic forecast and the medium-term financial strategy , which [gives] the financial framework for economic policy .

More detailed analysis of these and other cases provides confirmation of the findings of more systematic research into the factors which influence the success or failure of innovations : for example , the importance of communication , the role of product champions , the matching of technological and market opportunities , and the value of understanding user needs ( Rothwell , 1977 ) .
more detailed analysis of these and other cases [gives] confirmation of the findings of more systematic research into the factors which influence the success or failure of innovations : for example , the importance of communication , the role of product champions , the matching of technological and market opportunities , and the value of understanding user needs ( rothwell , 1977 ) .

Examples from retrospective case studies suggest that the uncertainty map relates to and in fact provides an integrative framework for much of the innovation research to date .
examples from retrospective case studies suggest that the uncertainty map relates to and in fact [gives] an integrative framework for much of the innovation research to date .

This system provides a mechanism for drawing together a cast of informal innovation players around ideas which are often not part of one 's assigned work ( Rosenfeld and Servo , 1988 ) .
this system [gives] a mechanism for drawing together a cast of informal innovation players around ideas which are often not part of one 's assigned work ( rosenfeld and servo , 1988 ) .

The process used ( see Figure 1 ) provides a systematic approach for idea development , autonomy to an idea originator , and weaves in other players at appropriate times .
the process used ( see figure 1 ) [gives] a systematic approach for idea development , autonomy to an idea originator , and weaves in other players at appropriate times .

This graphic representation of idea growth provides information that will assist in the optimization of the stages of the innovation process .
this graphic representation of idea growth [gives] information that will assist in the optimization of the stages of the innovation process .

Coalition building , therefore , provides not just personal or political advantage ; it is also an important process for making sure that the ideas that do get developed have merit and broad support .
coalition building , therefore , [gives] not just personal or political advantage ; it is also an important process for making sure that the ideas that do get developed have merit and broad support .

With foodstuffs , for example , there has been a great deal of trial and error over many millennia to determine whether a given animal or plant provides desirable food .
with foodstuffs , for example , there has been a great deal of trial and error over many millennia to determine whether a given animal or plant [gives] desirable food .

Not all aspects of the organization may be directly related to the process of subsisting , but together they form a collective memory which provides both opportunities and constraints on which members of the culture draw as they live their daily lives .
not all aspects of the organization may be directly related to the process of subsisting , but together they form a collective memory which [gives] both opportunities and constraints on which members of the culture draw as they live their daily lives .

The environment does not determine the nature of the world of production ; it provides a context within which people develop and redevelop their own rules for survival .
the environment does not determine the nature of the world of production ; it [gives] a context within which people develop and redevelop their own rules for survival .

It has argued that the physical environment is the foundation on which this creation is based , but in a non-deterministic fashion : the environment provides opportunities and constraints , which are resources that may be realized in different ways by different social groups in different places .
it has argued that the physical environment is the foundation on which this creation is based , but in a non-deterministic fashion : the environment [gives] opportunities and constraints , which are resources that may be realized in different ways by different social groups in different places .

The ways in which those resources are appraised and their potential realized become part of a culture , a collective system for the organization of survival which provides the rules within which societies seek to ensure their reproduction .
the ways in which those resources are appraised and their potential realized become part of a culture , a collective system for the organization of survival which [gives] the rules within which societies seek to ensure their reproduction .

Todd 's ( 1985 ) work on spatial variations in family structures provides a stimulating examination of variations in this aspect of the organization of life .
todd 's ( 1985 ) work on spatial variations in family structures [gives] a stimulating examination of variations in this aspect of the organization of life .

This discussion of family types based on Todd 's stimulating , if somewhat controversial and iconoclastic , writings provides just one example of the variations between places in social organization of inter-personal relationships outside the ‘ world of work ’ .
this discussion of family types based on todd 's stimulating , if somewhat controversial and iconoclastic , writings [gives] just one example of the variations between places in social organization of inter-personal relationships outside the ‘ world of work ’ .

Furthermore , one aspect of that strike — and in particular of its geography — provides clear evidence of the importance of the three elements of a place identified in chapter 3 .
furthermore , one aspect of that strike — and in particular of its geography — [gives] clear evidence of the importance of the three elements of a place identified in chapter 3 .

To most analysts , the way in which Congressional committees operate provides the key to understanding maps such as those displayed here .
to most analysts , the way in which congressional committees operate [gives] the key to understanding maps such as those displayed here .

Where the deviance provides for the development of social relationships between rule-enforcer and rule-breaker , enforcement is directed towards compliance .
where the deviance [gives] for the development of social relationships between rule-enforcer and rule-breaker , enforcement is directed towards compliance .

The 1951 Act also provides for personal as well as corporate liability .
the 1951 act also [gives] for personal as well as corporate liability .

This provides for a supply of very good quality water to the main river , which itself is used as potable supply .
this [gives] for a supply of very good quality water to the main river , which itself is used as potable supply .

The folklore provides a version of past history on any case or class of case to which an officer confronted with a problem may turn for a solution , whether it be one of choosing the ‘ proper ’ negotiating stance , making the ‘ right ’ decision , or placing the ‘ correct ’ interpretation upon acts , events or characters .
the folklore [gives] a version of past history on any case or class of case to which an officer confronted with a problem may turn for a solution , whether it be one of choosing the ‘ proper ’ negotiating stance , making the ‘ right ’ decision , or placing the ‘ correct ’ interpretation upon acts , events or characters .

Where the privacy of routine cases provides an effective screen to scrutiny , however , the field officer is freed from the need to cover himself by acting according to his perception of the organization 's expectations .
where the privacy of routine cases [gives] an effective screen to scrutiny , however , the field officer is freed from the need to cover himself by acting according to his perception of the organization 's expectations .

An important consequence of these practices for the agency ( connected with the familiar tendency to treat agency enforcement statistics as some sort of index of compliance ) is that the publication of yearbooks containing sample results provides a statistical portrayal of non-compliance .
an important consequence of these practices for the agency ( connected with the familiar tendency to treat agency enforcement statistics as some sort of index of compliance ) is that the publication of yearbooks containing sample results [gives] a statistical portrayal of non-compliance .

The grammar of English provides the verb see with two points of interaction with noun phrases :
the grammar of english [gives] the verb see with two points of interaction with noun phrases :

For the ‘ pay attention ’ meaning in the other two sensory modes , French provides distinct lexical items : goûter , corresponding to taste 2 , and toucher , corresponding to feel 2 .
for the ‘ pay attention ’ meaning in the other two sensory modes , french [gives] distinct lexical items : goûter , corresponding to taste 2 , and toucher , corresponding to feel 2 .

Entailment can occur between sentences differing only in respect of the lexical fillers of a particular syntactic slot even when the lexical items in question are not related by hyponymy . This introduces further complications into the task of providing a principled account of the relations between hyponymy and entailment ; 9 provides an example :
entailment can occur between sentences differing only in respect of the lexical fillers of a particular syntactic slot even when the lexical items in question are not related by hyponymy . this introduces further complications into the task of providing a principled account of the relations between hyponymy and entailment ; 9 [gives] an example :

The but -test provides a convenient way of illustrating this ; all the sentences in 2 are pleonastic ;
the but -test [gives] a convenient way of illustrating this ; all the sentences in 2 are pleonastic ;

Following the introductory assessment of the market context of handheld electronic books in this current section , this report provides two main areas of update .
following the introductory assessment of the market context of handheld electronic books in this current section , this report [gives] two main areas of update .

However , the steady growth of electronic markets provides an important context for the longer term growth of handheld media .
however , the steady growth of electronic markets [gives] an important context for the longer term growth of handheld media .

The Spellmaster provides phonetic spellchecking using software designed specifically to correct the most common errors made by children and dyslexics .
the spellmaster [gives] phonetic spellchecking using software designed specifically to correct the most common errors made by children and dyslexics .

Their WordFinder products represent the two main levels of linguistic utility — the 220 model provides phonetic spellchecking and a thesaurus ( 100,000 correctly spelled words and 660,000 synonyms ) and the 224 model combines the spellchecking and thesaurus facilities with 50,000 dictionary definitions .
their wordfinder products represent the two main levels of linguistic utility — the 220 model [gives] phonetic spellchecking and a thesaurus ( 100,000 correctly spelled words and 660,000 synonyms ) and the 224 model combines the spellchecking and thesaurus facilities with 50,000 dictionary definitions .

( Our own time provides the television simulacra of this march in Somalia and Ethiopia . )
( our own time [gives] the television simulacra of this march in somalia and ethiopia . )

Like its predecessor , Fonthill Abbey is said to have been a symmetrical building in Gothic disguise , while Vathek provides even less domestic detail than Otranto — the adjective , indeed , scarcely applies .
like its predecessor , fonthill abbey is said to have been a symmetrical building in gothic disguise , while vathek [gives] even less domestic detail than otranto — the adjective , indeed , scarcely applies .

But even writers who have no historical sense , like Mrs Radcliffe ( who provides Emily in 1584 with what is clearly a cottage ornee , complete with greenhouse , ‘ two excellent sitting rooms ’ and a rustic hall ) , are much more observant than their predecessors of different types of houses in the landscape .
but even writers who have no historical sense , like mrs radcliffe ( who [gives] emily in 1584 with what is clearly a cottage ornee , complete with greenhouse , ‘ two excellent sitting rooms ’ and a rustic hall ) , are much more observant than their predecessors of different types of houses in the landscape .

The roof , which is stripped of tiles , provides the water-supply ; the chimney smokes so thickly that the opposite wall is barely visible ; the few remaining window-panes are stained and the majority are stuffed with rags and paper .
the roof , which is stripped of tiles , [gives] the water-supply ; the chimney smokes so thickly that the opposite wall is barely visible ; the few remaining window-panes are stained and the majority are stuffed with rags and paper .

Finally , this background provides an explanation of the idealization and occasional vagueness of which some writers , like Dickens and Mrs Gaskell , are sometimes accused .
finally , this background [gives] an explanation of the idealization and occasional vagueness of which some writers , like dickens and mrs gaskell , are sometimes accused .

Its importance lies not only in its welcome — and sometimes literally life-giving — warmth , but in the light it provides .
its importance lies not only in its welcome — and sometimes literally life-giving — warmth , but in the light it [gives] .

Although there is never a clean slate on which to start planning , the new start provides the necessity for such planning .
although there is never a clean slate on which to start planning , the new start [gives] the necessity for such planning .

While the law may require publication , the form this takes can reduce the damage that results cause ; in this respect Michigan provides a contrast with California ( a point made earlier ) .
while the law may require publication , the form this takes can reduce the damage that results cause ; in this respect michigan [gives] a contrast with california ( a point made earlier ) .

Its dreamlike construction of our sceptred isle as an ethnically purified one provides a special comfort against the ravages of decline .
its dreamlike construction of our sceptred isle as an ethnically purified one [gives] a special comfort against the ravages of decline .

The ‘ functional ’ argument provides a discursive strategy which is useful for implicating all sorts of groups and individuals in racism who would otherwise have cast-iron alibis .
the ‘ functional ’ argument [gives] a discursive strategy which is useful for implicating all sorts of groups and individuals in racism who would otherwise have cast-iron alibis .

One of its shafts provides a bass drone and the other the melody .
one of its shafts [gives] a bass drone and the other the melody .

It is common ground that the education of the children at reduced fees was a taxable benefit under section 61(1) of the Finance Act 1976 which provides :
it is common ground that the education of the children at reduced fees was a taxable benefit under section 61(1) of the finance act 1976 which [gives] :

The reference in that letter to ‘ questioning ’ the proceedings of the House of Commons plainly raised the issue whether the proposed use of Parliamentary materials without the leave of the House of Commons would breach article 9 of the Bill of Rights 1688 which provides :
the reference in that letter to ‘ questioning ’ the proceedings of the house of commons plainly raised the issue whether the proposed use of parliamentary materials without the leave of the house of commons would breach article 9 of the bill of rights 1688 which [gives] :

‘ If the company provides services to such people at a subsidised rate , the employee will be assessed on the benefit received on the basis of the cost to the employer .
‘ if the company [gives] services to such people at a subsidised rate , the employee will be assessed on the benefit received on the basis of the cost to the employer .

As a lecturer , Mr. Page became a member of the university which is a corporate body regulated by Royal Charter . Section 34 of the statutes made under the charter provides :
as a lecturer , mr. page became a member of the university which is a corporate body regulated by royal charter . section 34 of the statutes made under the charter [gives] :

However , it must be noted that the optimization technique provides no such guarantee either .
however , it must be noted that the optimization technique [gives] no such guarantee either .

The use of the modular approach initially brings the very real advantage that it appears to be more acceptable to users and provides greater insight for the designer of the design problem .
the use of the modular approach initially brings the very real advantage that it appears to be more acceptable to users and [gives] greater insight for the designer of the design problem .

This provides an inserted condition such that all elements of the domain called `` hole `` are in the domain called `` block `` .
this [gives] an inserted condition such that all elements of the domain called `` hole `` are in the domain called `` block `` .

However , if both objects were declared as solids then the `` hole `` becomes an `` object `` ( solid holes are unacceptable ) to give : This provides the functional and geometric description as shown in Figure 2.4 .
however , if both objects were declared as solids then the `` hole `` becomes an `` object `` ( solid holes are unacceptable ) to give : this [gives] the functional and geometric description as shown in figure 2.4 .

The condition , that allows the application of attributes solely to assemblies , provides a mechanism whereby a simplification in the relationships may be applied both at any early or late stage in a design .
the condition , that allows the application of attributes solely to assemblies , [gives] a mechanism whereby a simplification in the relationships may be applied both at any early or late stage in a design .

The existence of a set of associations provides a means whereby the integrity of the design can be monitored and violations reported to the designer .
the existence of a set of associations [gives] a means whereby the integrity of the design can be monitored and violations reported to the designer .

The control of the design process , in terms of functionality , is thus dependent first on establishing that the parts associate with each other and second that this association provides the desired function .
the control of the design process , in terms of functionality , is thus dependent first on establishing that the parts associate with each other and second that this association [gives] the desired function .

The use of spatial domains with a wireframe model provides a means whereby entities can be selected by their relationships to chosen domains .
the use of spatial domains with a wireframe model [gives] a means whereby entities can be selected by their relationships to chosen domains .

The swept boundary model thus provides the ideal bridge from two-dimensional drafting into three-dimensional solid representation .
the swept boundary model thus [gives] the ideal bridge from two-dimensional drafting into three-dimensional solid representation .

Whilst this representation provides a very compact method of holding and handling a wide range of the common geometric forms found in engineering , it can result in a long processing time when real model edges have to be determined in complex models .
whilst this representation [gives] a very compact method of holding and handling a wide range of the common geometric forms found in engineering , it can result in a long processing time when real model edges have to be determined in complex models .

The where used look-up file provides the cross-reference between separate product trees that share common components .
the where used look-up file [gives] the cross-reference between separate product trees that share common components .

The where used look-up file provides cross-reference information on the occurrence of individual parts and their attribute classification .
the where used look-up file [gives] cross-reference information on the occurrence of individual parts and their attribute classification .

Since your object is to be elected to a committee , for the benefit of the experience it provides , it is probably advisable to join more than one society , but do n't overdo it .
since your object is to be elected to a committee , for the benefit of the experience it [gives] , it is probably advisable to join more than one society , but do n't overdo it .

It lives in a beautiful multi-chambered shell , which provides buoyancy and protection .
it lives in a beautiful multi-chambered shell , which [gives] buoyancy and protection .

This not only provides a dazzling display which might confuse the predator , but also gives each antelope the advantage of safety in numbers within the fleeing herd .
this not only [gives] a dazzling display which might confuse the predator , but also gives each antelope the advantage of safety in numbers within the fleeing herd .

At full moon the sea turns a milky white colour and provides the local fishermen with a free harvest of highly nutritious protein .
at full moon the sea turns a milky white colour and [gives] the local fishermen with a free harvest of highly nutritious protein .

The periodic swarming mass of adults provides such a surfeit for predators that the majority of the cicadas survive to lay eggs .
the periodic swarming mass of adults [gives] such a surfeit for predators that the majority of the cicadas survive to lay eggs .

However , if there is no free charge in the space between the conductors , and strictly for two-dimensional problems , there is a method to which the adjective `` general `` might be attached , a method that provides plenty of answers but not necessarily to the questions asked .
however , if there is no free charge in the space between the conductors , and strictly for two-dimensional problems , there is a method to which the adjective `` general `` might be attached , a method that [gives] plenty of answers but not necessarily to the questions asked .

Section 1(1) of the Act of 1968 provides :
section 1(1) of the act of 1968 [gives] :

While the report may not completely resolve the question for your Lordships , it provides in the first place a very useful summary of the state of the law in 1966 .
while the report may not completely resolve the question for your lordships , it [gives] in the first place a very useful summary of the state of the law in 1966 .

Clause 3 ( 1 ) provides that — ‘ Any assumption by a person of the rights of an owner amounts to an appropriation .
clause 3 ( 1 ) [gives] that — ‘ any assumption by a person of the rights of an owner amounts to an appropriation .

The reason for this is that a window provides light only on one side ; the other three sides and the top consist of the walls of the room and its ceiling , and the loss of available light is considerable .
the reason for this is that a window [gives] light only on one side ; the other three sides and the top consist of the walls of the room and its ceiling , and the loss of available light is considerable .

This provides John Innes potting compost No.1 .
this [gives] john innes potting compost no.1 .

seed provides a yellow dye
seed [gives] a yellow dye

However , with bilateral stimulus presentation a tendency to report , rather than process , the left-most stimuli first provides an equally plausible explanation ( Ayres , 1966 ; Dick and Mewhort , 1967 ; Coltheart and Arthur , 1971 ; Wilkins and Stewart , 1974 ) .
however , with bilateral stimulus presentation a tendency to report , rather than process , the left-most stimuli first [gives] an equally plausible explanation ( ayres , 1966 ; dick and mewhort , 1967 ; coltheart and arthur , 1971 ; wilkins and stewart , 1974 ) .

The suggestion that hand posture during writing provides a ready indication has not lived up to its early promise .
the suggestion that hand posture during writing [gives] a ready indication has not lived up to its early promise .

The technique of getting them to supply the missing dialogue after a silent viewing of a scene provides a good opportunity for you and them to find out what language they have at their command and how flexibly they can use it .
the technique of getting them to supply the missing dialogue after a silent viewing of a scene [gives] a good opportunity for you and them to find out what language they have at their command and how flexibly they can use it .

Each unit also includes a second , silent sequence , which provides a basis for exploitation of language presented earlier in the unit .
each unit also includes a second , silent sequence , which [gives] a basis for exploitation of language presented earlier in the unit .

For this we need material which provides as much visual support as possible and situations where the language is highly predictable .
for this we need material which [gives] as much visual support as possible and situations where the language is highly predictable .

The making of a video recording provides a goal for learners to work towards and this is a motivating factor .
the making of a video recording [gives] a goal for learners to work towards and this is a motivating factor .

This requirement is no different from any other kind of groupwork which allows for variation in pace of working and provides alternative tasks for those who finish first .
this requirement is no different from any other kind of groupwork which allows for variation in pace of working and [gives] alternative tasks for those who finish first .

Playback of the recording , as often as necessary , provides the occasion for objective judgement .
playback of the recording , as often as necessary , [gives] the occasion for objective judgement .

He eats our food and provides nothing .
he eats our food and [gives] nothing .

It provides a simple model that shows the unspoken conversation that should go on between you and the historian through the medium of the history book .
it [gives] a simple model that shows the unspoken conversation that should go on between you and the historian through the medium of the history book .

It provides a convenient example of ( a ) how important contextual knowledge is and ( b ) how you might make the kinds of connections mentioned above .
it [gives] a convenient example of ( a ) how important contextual knowledge is and ( b ) how you might make the kinds of connections mentioned above .

The diagram below provides a crude outline of some of the main issues about which historians are concerned to ask questions and form judgements .
the diagram below [gives] a crude outline of some of the main issues about which historians are concerned to ask questions and form judgements .

If a meaning can not be obtained from the context , consult a dictionary which provides archaic meanings .
if a meaning can not be obtained from the context , consult a dictionary which [gives] archaic meanings .

It is staffed by three fulltime teachers , and its aims are similar to the Arbour Project in that it provides continuing education , it takes girls through their pregnancies physically , educationally , emotionally and socially to produce healthy babies and mothers , and it tries to help girls achieve a level of maturity for taking on responsible parenthood .
it is staffed by three fulltime teachers , and its aims are similar to the arbour project in that it [gives] continuing education , it takes girls through their pregnancies physically , educationally , emotionally and socially to produce healthy babies and mothers , and it tries to help girls achieve a level of maturity for taking on responsible parenthood .

Belville 's obsession with Pamela , an obsession fired by her constant rejection of him , provides the main driving force of the play .
belville 's obsession with pamela , an obsession fired by her constant rejection of him , [gives] the main driving force of the play .

Jackey is the most colourful in a lengthy list of aristocratic thugs , and the Countess provides an element of sophisticated sexuality .
jackey is the most colourful in a lengthy list of aristocratic thugs , and the countess [gives] an element of sophisticated sexuality .

The dorsal and anal fins are both divided into hard and soft rays , the anal having three hard and eight or nine soft in both species , but the dorsal provides positive proof .
the dorsal and anal fins are both divided into hard and soft rays , the anal having three hard and eight or nine soft in both species , but the dorsal [gives] positive proof .

This provides protection which will stop all but the smallest fish getting through .
this [gives] protection which will stop all but the smallest fish getting through .

Although there has been a vast selection of beautiful waterlilies in cultivation for many years , some of the rarer varieties are slower in producing the development of ‘ eyes ’ on the rootstock that eventually provides the cuttings to propagate new plants , This is why the more desirable lilies are always more expensive .
although there has been a vast selection of beautiful waterlilies in cultivation for many years , some of the rarer varieties are slower in producing the development of ‘ eyes ’ on the rootstock that eventually [gives] the cuttings to propagate new plants , this is why the more desirable lilies are always more expensive .

Because of more elaborate film-printing techniques and finer-grained film stocks , board or even canvas may be used instead of glass and a black or white silhouette substituted for the clear glass area — though glass still provides a uniquely flat , untextured and rigid surface .
because of more elaborate film-printing techniques and finer-grained film stocks , board or even canvas may be used instead of glass and a black or white silhouette substituted for the clear glass area — though glass still [gives] a uniquely flat , untextured and rigid surface .

The problem of pesticide poisoning provides a relevant example .
the problem of pesticide poisoning [gives] a relevant example .

From the outset the association adopted a holistic approach to health and development , the programme that they established included child care facilities , nutrition programmes , income-generating cooperatives , literacy and education programmes and a health centre which provides both curative and preventive and promotive care .
from the outset the association adopted a holistic approach to health and development , the programme that they established included child care facilities , nutrition programmes , income-generating cooperatives , literacy and education programmes and a health centre which [gives] both curative and preventive and promotive care .

Legislation such as the Charities Act 1992 provides a welcome focus on the achievements of the voluntary and community sectors .
legislation such as the charities act 1992 [gives] a welcome focus on the achievements of the voluntary and community sectors .

This provides a major impetus for the involvement of tenants in the management of their homes .
this [gives] a major impetus for the involvement of tenants in the management of their homes .

This culture provides both the means and the incentives for discovering and remedying errors .
this culture [gives] both the means and the incentives for discovering and remedying errors .

In science these distorting factors have been tackled by a powerful culture of verification , which provides both the means and the incentives for discovering and remedying errors .
in science these distorting factors have been tackled by a powerful culture of verification , which [gives] both the means and the incentives for discovering and remedying errors .

Italian law provides an interesting comparison because the inquisitorial model has been found wanting and has been recently altered to include adversarial elements .
italian law [gives] an interesting comparison because the inquisitorial model has been found wanting and has been recently altered to include adversarial elements .

The cold fusion controversy provides a vivid illustration .
the cold fusion controversy [gives] a vivid illustration .

However , the culture of professional debate provides both the means and the incentives for discovering mistakes and strong deterrents to making them .
however , the culture of professional debate [gives] both the means and the incentives for discovering mistakes and strong deterrents to making them .

One reason may lie in the belief that our criminal procedure provides ample mechanisms for verification through prosecutorial review , committal proceedings , the trial , and by virtue of legal norms governing the conduct of investigations .
one reason may lie in the belief that our criminal procedure [gives] ample mechanisms for verification through prosecutorial review , committal proceedings , the trial , and by virtue of legal norms governing the conduct of investigations .

Prosecutorial review therefore provides no robust verification .
prosecutorial review therefore [gives] no robust verification .

The improvements in the documentation of all stages of the investigation provides the basis for other forms of review .
the improvements in the documentation of all stages of the investigation [gives] the basis for other forms of review .

Eye witness identification provides a further type suitable as a triggering factor .
eye witness identification [gives] a further type suitable as a triggering factor .

Although this jurisdiction is a concomitant of its appellate jurisdiction under the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 , the Act only provides for appeals from the Court of Appeal to the House of Lords from appeals heard by the Court of Appeal .
although this jurisdiction is a concomitant of its appellate jurisdiction under the criminal appeal act 1968 , the act only [gives] for appeals from the court of appeal to the house of lords from appeals heard by the court of appeal .

Section 11 provides that a direction prohibiting publication may be made ‘ where a court ( having power to do so ) allows a name or other matter to be withheld from the public in proceedings before the court .
section 11 [gives] that a direction prohibiting publication may be made ‘ where a court ( having power to do so ) allows a name or other matter to be withheld from the public in proceedings before the court .

It is to be noticed that bail applications themselves can be dealt with by a single justice by virtue of section 2 ( 2 ) of the Act of 1976 , which provides that in the Act , unless the context otherwise requires , ‘ court ’ includes ‘ a justice of the peace .
it is to be noticed that bail applications themselves can be dealt with by a single justice by virtue of section 2 ( 2 ) of the act of 1976 , which [gives] that in the act , unless the context otherwise requires , ‘ court ’ includes ‘ a justice of the peace .

Section 6 ( 1 ) provides that a person who behaves in that way ‘ shall be guilty of an offence .
section 6 ( 1 ) [gives] that a person who behaves in that way ‘ shall be guilty of an offence .

It provides a simple and expeditious procedure for dealing with the situation where a constable believes that a person bailed is unlikely to surrender to custody , or alternatively , that a person bailed is likely to break a condition of his bail , or has broken a condition of his bail .
it [gives] a simple and expeditious procedure for dealing with the situation where a constable believes that a person bailed is unlikely to surrender to custody , or alternatively , that a person bailed is likely to break a condition of his bail , or has broken a condition of his bail .

The best way to get the cricket juices flowing again is to find a club in your area that provides coaching and practice for novices .
the best way to get the cricket juices flowing again is to find a club in your area that [gives] coaching and practice for novices .

Daniel Toploski , former coach to Olympic , World Championship and Oxford University teams , recommends joining a club that provides training and coaching facilities for novices and then arranging personal coaching for maximum benefit .
daniel toploski , former coach to olympic , world championship and oxford university teams , recommends joining a club that [gives] training and coaching facilities for novices and then arranging personal coaching for maximum benefit .

Value consensus provides the foundation for cooperation since common values produce common goals .
value consensus [gives] the foundation for cooperation since common values produce common goals .

The definition of an individual as a delinquent provides an example .
the definition of an individual as a delinquent [gives] an example .

This lack of clarity provides actors with considerable room for negotiation , manoeuvre , improvisation and creative action .
this lack of clarity [gives] actors with considerable room for negotiation , manoeuvre , improvisation and creative action .

An objective view is free from the values , moral judgments and ideology of the observer : it provides facts and explanatory frameworks which are uncoloured by the observer 's feelings and opinions .
an objective view is free from the values , moral judgments and ideology of the observer : it [gives] facts and explanatory frameworks which are uncoloured by the observer 's feelings and opinions .

Thus ideology is a set of beliefs and values which provides a way of seeing and interpreting the world which results in a partial view of reality .
thus ideology is a set of beliefs and values which [gives] a way of seeing and interpreting the world which results in a partial view of reality .

The communist utopia provides a standard of comparison for present and past societies .
the communist utopia [gives] a standard of comparison for present and past societies .

The Indian caste system provides an example of a social stratification system .
the indian caste system [gives] an example of a social stratification system .

Caste provides an example of a closed stratification system : individuals automatically belonged to the caste of their parents and , except in rare instances , spent the rest of their life in that status .
caste [gives] an example of a closed stratification system : individuals automatically belonged to the caste of their parents and , except in rare instances , spent the rest of their life in that status .

By comparison , social class , the system of stratification in capitalist industrial society , provides an example of an open system .
by comparison , social class , the system of stratification in capitalist industrial society , [gives] an example of an open system .

Primitive communism is represented by the societies of prehistory and provides the only example of a classless society .
primitive communism is represented by the societies of prehistory and [gives] the only example of a classless society .

Firstly , many sociologists claim that his theory still provides the best explanation of the nature of class in capitalist society .
firstly , many sociologists claim that his theory still [gives] the best explanation of the nature of class in capitalist society .

Weber 's observations on status groups are important since they suggest that in certain situations status rather than class provides the basis for the formation of social groups whose members perceive common interests and a group identity .
weber 's observations on status groups are important since they suggest that in certain situations status rather than class [gives] the basis for the formation of social groups whose members perceive common interests and a group identity .

Weber argues that the evidence provides a more complex and diversified picture of social stratification .
weber argues that the evidence [gives] a more complex and diversified picture of social stratification .

They claim that the private ownership of capital provides the key to explaining class divisions .
they claim that the private ownership of capital [gives] the key to explaining class divisions .

In Medical Nemesis , a savage attack on the medical profession , Ivan Illich provides an example of this type of criticism .
in medical nemesis , a savage attack on the medical profession , ivan illich [gives] an example of this type of criticism .

Viewing professionalism as a market strategy provides an explanation for the differing rewards of various so-called professions .
viewing professionalism as a market strategy [gives] an explanation for the differing rewards of various so-called professions .

Since they lack the market control which professionalism provides , teachers have turned to trade unionism to improve their market situation .
since they lack the market control which professionalism [gives] , teachers have turned to trade unionism to improve their market situation .

INBio provides a model that other tropical countries are already starting to follow .
inbio [gives] a model that other tropical countries are already starting to follow .

Laser vaporization in a heated tube provides a means for synthesizing fullerenes by carbon condensation under controlled conditions .
laser vaporization in a heated tube [gives] a means for synthesizing fullerenes by carbon condensation under controlled conditions .

Overall , the book provides an effective way for researchers and graduate students to gain a foundation in the fascinating concepts of the field .
overall , the book [gives] an effective way for researchers and graduate students to gain a foundation in the fascinating concepts of the field .

But subsection ( 3 ) then provides that such duty shall not apply in three sets of circumstances .
but subsection ( 3 ) then [gives] that such duty shall not apply in three sets of circumstances .

It provides :
it [gives] :

Section 1 ( 5 ) provides that the instrument of government and articles of government must comply with any trust deed relating to the school .
section 1 ( 5 ) [gives] that the instrument of government and articles of government must comply with any trust deed relating to the school .

The original trust deed can not be traced but a more recent trust deed dated 1 October 1984 provides that the trustees are to hold the trust property , comprising the premises of the school and any additional site that may be acquired , for the purposes of a Roman Catholic Voluntary Aided School to be conducted in accordance with the Education Acts .
the original trust deed can not be traced but a more recent trust deed dated 1 october 1984 [gives] that the trustees are to hold the trust property , comprising the premises of the school and any additional site that may be acquired , for the purposes of a roman catholic voluntary aided school to be conducted in accordance with the education acts .

Clause 8 of the trust deed provides that ‘ the religious instruction and religious worship shall be in accordance with the tenets teaching and practice of the Roman Catholic Church .
clause 8 of the trust deed [gives] that ‘ the religious instruction and religious worship shall be in accordance with the tenets teaching and practice of the roman catholic church .

Article 5 provides :
article 5 [gives] :

Hertz 's experiment referred to above provides a nice example .
hertz 's experiment referred to above [gives] a nice example .

The progress of physics from Aristotle through Newton to Einstein provides an example on a larger scale .
the progress of physics from aristotle through newton to einstein [gives] an example on a larger scale .

The history of theories of electricity provides an example of the changing fortunes of rival research programmes .
the history of theories of electricity [gives] an example of the changing fortunes of rival research programmes .

Roman Italy again provides an analogy : the roads built by people like Aemilius Lepidus in the first half of the second century physically facilitated the political and cultural unification of Italy in the course of the next 150 years .
roman italy again [gives] an analogy : the roads built by people like aemilius lepidus in the first half of the second century physically facilitated the political and cultural unification of italy in the course of the next 150 years .

This reversal provides the framework for an analysis of demographic change , but the trend has been uneven both spatially and socially .
this reversal [gives] the framework for an analysis of demographic change , but the trend has been uneven both spatially and socially .

Mid-Wales provides one example of a region where population has fallen during every decade , from 217,277 in 1901 to only 174 , 604 in 1971 ( Dunn et al .
mid-wales [gives] one example of a region where population has fallen during every decade , from 217,277 in 1901 to only 174 , 604 in 1971 ( dunn et al .

Analysis at the local level provides a more detailed insight into the nature of population change .
analysis at the local level [gives] a more detailed insight into the nature of population change .

Previously , if dismissed a qualifying worker would normally have lost his home , but the Act now provides security of tenure that extends to a surviving spouse and , under certain circumstances , to some other family members .
previously , if dismissed a qualifying worker would normally have lost his home , but the act now [gives] security of tenure that extends to a surviving spouse and , under certain circumstances , to some other family members .

Their development was stimulated since 1964 with the establishment of the Housing Corporation which provides overall regulation of their affairs .
their development was stimulated since 1964 with the establishment of the housing corporation which [gives] overall regulation of their affairs .

Rural Wales ( excluding the urbanized south and north-east ) provides a contrast with the Scottish Highlands , as here a large number of parishes were without any public transport at all .
rural wales ( excluding the urbanized south and north-east ) [gives] a contrast with the scottish highlands , as here a large number of parishes were without any public transport at all .

Cloke ( 1977b , p. 19 ) provides probably the most useful definition : ‘ the key settlement itself is planned for comprehensive growth in terms of housing , services and often employment … ’ , while ‘ the key settlement policy incorporated an overview of the settlement pattern as a whole and lays special emphasis on the relationship between the key settlement and other settlements served by it … ’ .
cloke ( 1977b , p. 19 ) [gives] probably the most useful definition : ‘ the key settlement itself is planned for comprehensive growth in terms of housing , services and often employment … ’ , while ‘ the key settlement policy incorporated an overview of the settlement pattern as a whole and lays special emphasis on the relationship between the key settlement and other settlements served by it … ’ .

Development control provides the negative instrument with which growth in non-key settlements can be prevented .
development control [gives] the negative instrument with which growth in non-key settlements can be prevented .

That an action for defamation is a prima facie interference with the right is recognised by article 10 ( 2 ) which provides that the exercise of the freedoms referred to in article 10 ( 1 ) may be subject to such restrictions as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society ( my emphasis ) for the protection of the reputation of others .
that an action for defamation is a prima facie interference with the right is recognised by article 10 ( 2 ) which [gives] that the exercise of the freedoms referred to in article 10 ( 1 ) may be subject to such restrictions as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society ( my emphasis ) for the protection of the reputation of others .

However , the severity of this rule is mitigated by section 3 of the Defamation Act 1952 which provides that in an action for malicious falsehood it shall not be necessary to allege or prove special damage if the words upon which the action is founded are calculated to cause pecuniary damage to the plaintiff and are published in writing or other permanent form .
however , the severity of this rule is mitigated by section 3 of the defamation act 1952 which [gives] that in an action for malicious falsehood it shall not be necessary to allege or prove special damage if the words upon which the action is founded are calculated to cause pecuniary damage to the plaintiff and are published in writing or other permanent form .

Section 222(1) of the Local Government Act 1972 provides :
section 222(1) of the local government act 1972 [gives] :

Section 71 ( 4 ) compendiously provides that ‘ a person benefits from an offence if he obtains property as a result of or in connection with its commission and his benefits is the value of the property so obtained .
section 71 ( 4 ) compendiously [gives] that ‘ a person benefits from an offence if he obtains property as a result of or in connection with its commission and his benefits is the value of the property so obtained .

Section 7 ( 2 ) of the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 provides that the sweeping provisions of section 4 ( 1 ) of the Act do not apply to criminal cases .
section 7 ( 2 ) of the rehabilitation of offenders act 1974 [gives] that the sweeping provisions of section 4 ( 1 ) of the act do not apply to criminal cases .

The ability to learn such things provides an important step in enriching the signals of animals .
the ability to learn such things [gives] an important step in enriching the signals of animals .

As Gramsci points out ( 1971 : 260 ) , ‘ the bourgeois class poses itself as an organism in continuous movement , capable of absorbing the whole society , assimilating it to its own cultural and economic level ’ , and this would-be universalizing push provides one of the most important elements in music history of the last two hundred years .
as gramsci points out ( 1971 : 260 ) , ‘ the bourgeois class poses itself as an organism in continuous movement , capable of absorbing the whole society , assimilating it to its own cultural and economic level ’ , and this would-be universalizing push [gives] one of the most important elements in music history of the last two hundred years .

Raymond Williams 's terminology of ‘ dominant ’ , ‘ residual ’ and ‘ emergent ’ forms provides a useful way of mapping such qualities ( 1981:203–5 ) .
raymond williams 's terminology of ‘ dominant ’ , ‘ residual ’ and ‘ emergent ’ forms [gives] a useful way of mapping such qualities ( 1981:203–5 ) .

In an age when a symphony orchestra can appear in uniforms designed to advertise tobacco industry sponsors , conflating music and cigarettes into a single narcotic ( Guardian , 26 March 1984 : 13 ) ; when in Japan the record companies and the large industrial corporations co-operate to produce ‘ image-songs ’ which both advertise the corporations and play an important role in the hit parade ; ’ when a small selection of endlessly per mutated pop songs provides the background for almost every social activity ; when rhythm tracks on disco records can be behaviouristic ally planned and electronically produced , for maximum precision and control : one can not , at this time , avoid the feeling that if Orwell 's ‘ 1984 ’ ever arrives , it might well consist of a continuous Eurovision Song Contest ; that the ideal of the music industry would be to turn everything into muzak ( Philip Tagg 's entertaining account of the way muzak is used to ‘ programme ’ a Swedish office worker 's day gives an idea of what this would be like ( Tags 1984 ) ) .
in an age when a symphony orchestra can appear in uniforms designed to advertise tobacco industry sponsors , conflating music and cigarettes into a single narcotic ( guardian , 26 march 1984 : 13 ) ; when in japan the record companies and the large industrial corporations co-operate to produce ‘ image-songs ’ which both advertise the corporations and play an important role in the hit parade ; ’ when a small selection of endlessly per mutated pop songs [gives] the background for almost every social activity ; when rhythm tracks on disco records can be behaviouristic ally planned and electronically produced , for maximum precision and control : one can not , at this time , avoid the feeling that if orwell 's ‘ 1984 ’ ever arrives , it might well consist of a continuous eurovision song contest ; that the ideal of the music industry would be to turn everything into muzak ( philip tagg 's entertaining account of the way muzak is used to ‘ programme ’ a swedish office worker 's day gives an idea of what this would be like ( tags 1984 ) ) .

The idea of the ‘ split subject ’ provides a way of grasping , precisely , the position occupied by the various human productive forces .
the idea of the ‘ split subject ’ [gives] a way of grasping , precisely , the position occupied by the various human productive forces .

On this view , politics provides the background or environment within which individuals pursue their own ‘ chosen ’ careers , living in their own ‘ chosen ’ houses .
on this view , politics [gives] the background or environment within which individuals pursue their own ‘ chosen ’ careers , living in their own ‘ chosen ’ houses .

This introspection must be seen as the opposite pole to Canova 's universalism and provides new insights into the terms ‘ sensuous ’ and the ‘ sensual ’ today .
this introspection must be seen as the opposite pole to canova 's universalism and [gives] new insights into the terms ‘ sensuous ’ and the ‘ sensual ’ today .

The author Jeanette Winterson provides a maxim for female artists past and present when she says : ‘ We do n't want men to package us but we must have the freedom to describe ourselves ’ .
the author jeanette winterson [gives] a maxim for female artists past and present when she says : ‘ we do n't want men to package us but we must have the freedom to describe ourselves ’ .

Iron is present in each as traces , but even so provides useful markers .
iron is present in each as traces , but even so [gives] useful markers .

Section 25 provides :
section 25 [gives] :

The statute occasionally provides in so many terms that the information may be used in evidence ; sometimes that it may not be used for certain purposes , inferentially permitting its use for others ; or it may be expressly prescribed that the evidence is not to be admitted ; or again , the statute may be silent .
the statute occasionally [gives] in so many terms that the information may be used in evidence ; sometimes that it may not be used for certain purposes , inferentially permitting its use for others ; or it may be expressly prescribed that the evidence is not to be admitted ; or again , the statute may be silent .

Their work provides the necessary material to assess the strengths and weakness of the three traditional approaches .
their work [gives] the necessary material to assess the strengths and weakness of the three traditional approaches .

We do not believe that the orthodox account provides a satisfactory explanation of the crisis , for reasons we shall be giving shortly .
we do not believe that the orthodox account [gives] a satisfactory explanation of the crisis , for reasons we shall be giving shortly .

Some theorists have attempted to counter these objections by reference to the ‘ social contract ’ , a theory which provides a general account of political obligation ( see especially Murphy , 1979 ) .
some theorists have attempted to counter these objections by reference to the ‘ social contract ’ , a theory which [gives] a general account of political obligation ( see especially murphy , 1979 ) .

Rights theory therefore provides a basis for a principled compromise between reductivism and retributivism .
rights theory therefore [gives] a basis for a principled compromise between reductivism and retributivism .

The Danube itself provides an opening into Wallachia , via the Iron Gate at the south-eastern corner of the Pannonian plain .
the danube itself [gives] an opening into wallachia , via the iron gate at the south-eastern corner of the pannonian plain .

Although parts of the karst are barren and treeless , there are other areas where a covering of marls and sandstones known as flysch , derived from the deposits of the bed of an Eocene sea , provides the basis for surface drainage and soils .
although parts of the karst are barren and treeless , there are other areas where a covering of marls and sandstones known as flysch , derived from the deposits of the bed of an eocene sea , [gives] the basis for surface drainage and soils .

It provides the corridor through which the cold Vardarac wind — a cousin of the Dalmatian bura — brings continental influences from the Danubian lowlands in winter .
it [gives] the corridor through which the cold vardarac wind — a cousin of the dalmatian bura — brings continental influences from the danubian lowlands in winter .

The swap strategy provides a more demanding test as the transactions costs will be lower .
the swap strategy [gives] a more demanding test as the transactions costs will be lower .

Finally , the trade-the-cheapest strategy provides the tightest bounds on the deviations from the no-arbitrage condition in the absence of transactions costs , as the relevant transactions costs are the difference between those for buying ( or selling ) futures and the underlying shares .
finally , the trade-the-cheapest strategy [gives] the tightest bounds on the deviations from the no-arbitrage condition in the absence of transactions costs , as the relevant transactions costs are the difference between those for buying ( or selling ) futures and the underlying shares .

Despite the original relationship of the rule to nuisance , however , the former has been developed in such a way that it provides a remedy which is basically quite different from nuisance .
despite the original relationship of the rule to nuisance , however , the former has been developed in such a way that it [gives] a remedy which is basically quite different from nuisance .

a user of the highway , in his personal security.d As one writer has put it , the rule provides a remedy for what is ‘ essentially a wrong arising from occupation of land ( and it is irrelevant whether the person suffering the injury occupies land or not ) .
a user of the highway , in his personal security.d as one writer has put it , the rule [gives] a remedy for what is ‘ essentially a wrong arising from occupation of land ( and it is irrelevant whether the person suffering the injury occupies land or not ) .

The common law liability has been modified in respect of fires spreading from the defendant 's land by the Fires Prevention ( Metropolis ) Act 1774 , which provides that no action shall be maintainable against anyone in whose building or on whose estate a fire shall accidentally begin .
the common law liability has been modified in respect of fires spreading from the defendant 's land by the fires prevention ( metropolis ) act 1774 , which [gives] that no action shall be maintainable against anyone in whose building or on whose estate a fire shall accidentally begin .

Section 12 ( 1 ) provides that ‘ where any injury or damage has been caused in breach of a duty imposed ’ by the Act , then subject to certain exceptions ‘ no other liability shall be incurred by any person in respect of that injury or damage .
section 12 ( 1 ) [gives] that ‘ where any injury or damage has been caused in breach of a duty imposed ’ by the act , then subject to certain exceptions ‘ no other liability shall be incurred by any person in respect of that injury or damage .

The Act provides three defences , namely , that the discharge or escape —
the act [gives] three defences , namely , that the discharge or escape —

The Act provides a complete code of liability of shipowners for such occurrence and any common law liability is generally abolished .
the act [gives] a complete code of liability of shipowners for such occurrence and any common law liability is generally abolished .

The Control of Pollution Act 1974 provides that where any damage is caused by poisonous , noxious or polluting waste which has been deposited on land , any person who deposited it or caused or knowingly permitted it to be deposited is civilly liable for the damage , provided that his act constituted an offence under section 3 ( 3 ) or section 18 ( 2 ) of the Act .
the control of pollution act 1974 [gives] that where any damage is caused by poisonous , noxious or polluting waste which has been deposited on land , any person who deposited it or caused or knowingly permitted it to be deposited is civilly liable for the damage , provided that his act constituted an offence under section 3 ( 3 ) or section 18 ( 2 ) of the act .

The Act provides the following defences to a civil action :
the act [gives] the following defences to a civil action :

Section 2(2) provides :
section 2(2) [gives] :

The Act provides that it is a defence to an action brought under section 2 that the damage was wholly due to the fault of the person suffering it or that he voluntarily assumed the risk thereof ( though a person employed as a servant by a keeper of the animal is not to be treated as accepting voluntarily risks incidental to his employment ) .
the act [gives] that it is a defence to an action brought under section 2 that the damage was wholly due to the fault of the person suffering it or that he voluntarily assumed the risk thereof ( though a person employed as a servant by a keeper of the animal is not to be treated as accepting voluntarily risks incidental to his employment ) .

Section 5 ( 3 ) provides that a person is not liable under section 2 for any damage by an animal ‘ kept on any premises or structure to a person trespassing there , if it is proved either ( a ) that the animal was not kept there for the protection of persons or property ; or ( b ) ( if the animal was kept there for the protection of persons or property ) that keeping it there for that purpose was not unreasonable .
section 5 ( 3 ) [gives] that a person is not liable under section 2 for any damage by an animal ‘ kept on any premises or structure to a person trespassing there , if it is proved either ( a ) that the animal was not kept there for the protection of persons or property ; or ( b ) ( if the animal was kept there for the protection of persons or property ) that keeping it there for that purpose was not unreasonable .

The law was , however , in need of considerable modification and the modern form of ‘ cattle trespass ’ is found in section 4 of the Act , which provides :
the law was , however , in need of considerable modification and the modern form of ‘ cattle trespass ’ is found in section 4 of the act , which [gives] :

The Act provides that there is no liability under this head for damage which is due wholly to the fault of the person suffering it and that contributory negligence is a partial defence . In this context default of the plaintiff is often closely bound up with fencing obligations and the Act therefore provides that damage :
the act [gives] that there is no liability under this head for damage which is due wholly to the fault of the person suffering it and that contributory negligence is a partial defence . in this context default of the plaintiff is often closely bound up with fencing obligations and the act therefore [gives] that damage :

Section 3 of the Animals Act re-enacted , with some modification , the form of strict liability formerly found in the Dogs Acts 1906–1928 and provides that where a dog causes damage by killing or injuring livestock , any person who is a keeper of the dog is liable for the damage .
section 3 of the animals act re-enacted , with some modification , the form of strict liability formerly found in the dogs acts 1906–1928 and [gives] that where a dog causes damage by killing or injuring livestock , any person who is a keeper of the dog is liable for the damage .

The Act provides the following defences : that the damage was wholly due to the fault of the person suffering it ; that that person voluntarily accepted the risk of the damage ; and that the livestock was killed or injured on land on which it had strayed and either the dog belonged to the occupier or its presence on the land was authorised by the occupier .
the act [gives] the following defences : that the damage was wholly due to the fault of the person suffering it ; that that person voluntarily accepted the risk of the damage ; and that the livestock was killed or injured on land on which it had strayed and either the dog belonged to the occupier or its presence on the land was authorised by the occupier .

The process of simplification has now been carried a stage further by section 2 of the Torts ( Interference with Goods ) Act 1977 which abolishes detinue and provides that conversion now also covers the only case that was probably formerly the exclusive province of detinue — i. e .
the process of simplification has now been carried a stage further by section 2 of the torts ( interference with goods ) act 1977 which abolishes detinue and [gives] that conversion now also covers the only case that was probably formerly the exclusive province of detinue — i. e .

Accordingly , to deal with this situation , the Act provides that an ‘ action lies in conversion for loss or destruction of goods which a bailee has allowed to happen in breach of his duty to his bailor ( that is to say it lies in a case which is not otherwise conversion , but would have been detinue before detinue was abolished ) .
accordingly , to deal with this situation , the act [gives] that an ‘ action lies in conversion for loss or destruction of goods which a bailee has allowed to happen in breach of his duty to his bailor ( that is to say it lies in a case which is not otherwise conversion , but would have been detinue before detinue was abolished ) .

The evolution of state education during the nineteenth century provides a good example of a series of ad hoc responses .
the evolution of state education during the nineteenth century [gives] a good example of a series of ad hoc responses .

However , the typology was intended to have a more general relevance and provides a useful starting-point for this discussion .
however , the typology was intended to have a more general relevance and [gives] a useful starting-point for this discussion .

In British local government the committee system provides scope for the wider use of elected representatives in an administrator-dominated context , though here such involvement may further undermine representative government since it will depend primarily upon personal characteristics .
in british local government the committee system [gives] scope for the wider use of elected representatives in an administrator-dominated context , though here such involvement may further undermine representative government since it will depend primarily upon personal characteristics .

It is this existence of policies determining most everyday practice in a department that provides the most crucial group of constraints for a new minister .
it is this existence of policies determining most everyday practice in a department that [gives] the most crucial group of constraints for a new minister .

Within social policy , however , the power of the doctors provides related examples .
within social policy , however , the power of the doctors [gives] related examples .

Gyford 's book provides a review of the evidence on the nature of British local politics , drawing on a large and growing literature .
gyford 's book [gives] a review of the evidence on the nature of british local politics , drawing on a large and growing literature .

The 1977 Housing ( Homeless Persons ) Act provides examples of implementation problems — concerning the definition of priority groups , the extent of the duty to provide help and advice , and the identification of the responsible authority — that would seem to have emerged from the conflict during the legislation process .
the 1977 housing ( homeless persons ) act [gives] examples of implementation problems — concerning the definition of priority groups , the extent of the duty to provide help and advice , and the identification of the responsible authority — that would seem to have emerged from the conflict during the legislation process .

For children permanently deprived of their natural home , adoption provides a secure alternative home .
for children permanently deprived of their natural home , adoption [gives] a secure alternative home .

It aims to improve adoption procedure and provides for more say from the child , as well as from the adults in a disputed case .
it aims to improve adoption procedure and [gives] for more say from the child , as well as from the adults in a disputed case .

The Act provides for the local education authority to ensure that a child identified as having special educational needs is given education within an ordinary school as long as that is compatible with efficient use of resources and efficient education , both for the child concerned and for other children at the school .
the act [gives] for the local education authority to ensure that a child identified as having special educational needs is given education within an ordinary school as long as that is compatible with efficient use of resources and efficient education , both for the child concerned and for other children at the school .

The Act also provides for the setting up of new procedures for the identification of children with special educational needs and for the establishment of a new definition for the term .
the act also [gives] for the setting up of new procedures for the identification of children with special educational needs and for the establishment of a new definition for the term .

It also takes into account the actual disability and , whether or not it handicaps a person in working , it provides some financial compensation for it .
it also takes into account the actual disability and , whether or not it handicaps a person in working , it [gives] some financial compensation for it .

It provides special education , as noted in Chapter 4 , for educationally subnormal children and for those previously described as ineducable .
it [gives] special education , as noted in chapter 4 , for educationally subnormal children and for those previously described as ineducable .

In some instances it provides child guidance clinics , which offer psychiatric and social work help to children who have behaviour problems or manifest symptoms of mental disorder , and to their parents .
in some instances it [gives] child guidance clinics , which offer psychiatric and social work help to children who have behaviour problems or manifest symptoms of mental disorder , and to their parents .

The Richmond Fellowship , for example , provides hostels , run as small communities , which offer a secure environment and an opportunity to regain confidence in social relationships and an enthusiasm for living to a limited number of mentally disturbed adults and young people .
the richmond fellowship , for example , [gives] hostels , run as small communities , which offer a secure environment and an opportunity to regain confidence in social relationships and an enthusiasm for living to a limited number of mentally disturbed adults and young people .

Our study provides the first histological data on bone turnover in women receiving long term tamoxifen treatment .
our study [gives] the first histological data on bone turnover in women receiving long term tamoxifen treatment .

The fact that most practices ' referral rates had increased in the second phase of the study provides no support for the view that first wave fundholders had artificially increased their rates of referral in the preparatory year to enable them to make budgetary savings in the subsequent year , although their rates were higher than those of the controls in phase 1 .
the fact that most practices ' referral rates had increased in the second phase of the study [gives] no support for the view that first wave fundholders had artificially increased their rates of referral in the preparatory year to enable them to make budgetary savings in the subsequent year , although their rates were higher than those of the controls in phase 1 .

In common with other series , the project uses a selected population and is limited in the data it provides .
in common with other series , the project uses a selected population and is limited in the data it [gives] .

On the other hand , income support provides an income which is very low and this means many families struggle to make ends meet .
on the other hand , income support [gives] an income which is very low and this means many families struggle to make ends meet .

Work also provides social contact and reduces the isolation experienced by those bringing up children alone .
work also [gives] social contact and reduces the isolation experienced by those bringing up children alone .

Analysis of data from the 1985 and 1986 General Household Surveys ( Ginn and Arber , 1991 ) provides much detail on gender inequalities in occupational pension entitlements and in the actual value of pensions paid .
analysis of data from the 1985 and 1986 general household surveys ( ginn and arber , 1991 ) [gives] much detail on gender inequalities in occupational pension entitlements and in the actual value of pensions paid .

Looking at the experiences of mothers in these households provides an insight into what life is like at the sharper end of economic and social change in Britain .
looking at the experiences of mothers in these households [gives] an insight into what life is like at the sharper end of economic and social change in britain .

One can arrive in Torquay on chartered Venice Simplon Orient Express and have theme 1930s evenings with casinos and Palm Court Orchestras all arrangeable through the English Riviera Convention Bureau , The Tourist Centre , Vaughan Parade , Torquay ( ) , which provides mini-guides and other information .
one can arrive in torquay on chartered venice simplon orient express and have theme 1930s evenings with casinos and palm court orchestras all arrangeable through the english riviera convention bureau , the tourist centre , vaughan parade , torquay ( ) , which [gives] mini-guides and other information .

Windows provides things like screen drivers and printer selections ; you do n't have to worry about setting things up for each package .
windows [gives] things like screen drivers and printer selections ; you do n't have to worry about setting things up for each package .

It 's a star when it comes to automating frequent tasks and it 's very good at queries and reports , especially in terms of the tools it provides for non-technical users .
it 's a star when it comes to automating frequent tasks and it 's very good at queries and reports , especially in terms of the tools it [gives] for non-technical users .

The Control Center provides a relatively easy access point to dBase .
the control center [gives] a relatively easy access point to dbase .

And another vital feature you should take into account is the excellent support that WordPerfect provides .
and another vital feature you should take into account is the excellent support that wordperfect [gives] .

There 's still money to be made producing more efficient and sophisticated solutions than the ones Microsoft provides .
there 's still money to be made producing more efficient and sophisticated solutions than the ones microsoft [gives] .

The documentation provides plenty of general advice about writing letters — both the general construction and some of the finer points , such as how many lines to leave for a signature .
the documentation [gives] plenty of general advice about writing letters — both the general construction and some of the finer points , such as how many lines to leave for a signature .

The Children Act provides a structure for working within them ; but it does not provide a base for practice .
the children act [gives] a structure for working within them ; but it does not provide a base for practice .

In some cities a relative plethora of doctors and rapid urbanisation have led to a boom in private medical practice , which now provides a substantial amount of curative care for the inhabitants , including the poor ( p 673 ) .
in some cities a relative plethora of doctors and rapid urbanisation have led to a boom in private medical practice , which now [gives] a substantial amount of curative care for the inhabitants , including the poor ( p 673 ) .

The study we publish today provides further evidence of racial discrimination in British medicine .
the study we publish today [gives] further evidence of racial discrimination in british medicine .

Thus the best employment provides purpose , social status , and a chance to develop new skills .
thus the best employment [gives] purpose , social status , and a chance to develop new skills .

Adding the percentage of retrospective completions and the percentage of errors ( discrepancies ) provides an estimate of the maximum percentage of errors that could occur for the entries in paper and pencil diaries such as those used in clinical trials : 2 % +15 % =17 % for the morning and 9 % +15 % =24 % for the evening .
adding the percentage of retrospective completions and the percentage of errors ( discrepancies ) [gives] an estimate of the maximum percentage of errors that could occur for the entries in paper and pencil diaries such as those used in clinical trials : 2 % +15 % =17 % for the morning and 9 % +15 % =24 % for the evening .

Examination of the correlations between the various measures of diary quality and other indices provides some insight into the antecedents of diary quality .
examination of the correlations between the various measures of diary quality and other indices [gives] some insight into the antecedents of diary quality .

Our unit provides a tertiary referral service and we probably see problematic cases .
our unit [gives] a tertiary referral service and we probably see problematic cases .

We collected data on the birth prevalence of congenital abnormalities in Hungary , where the Hungarian congenital abnormality registry provides a long-standing information resource .
we collected data on the birth prevalence of congenital abnormalities in hungary , where the hungarian congenital abnormality registry [gives] a long-standing information resource .

On an important topic where anecdotes far outnumber studies , a 1988 conference report from Indiana at least provides a concise distillation of local — apparently anecdotally derived — wisdom , noting that role modelling is inseparable from teaching and may do harm as well as good .
on an important topic where anecdotes far outnumber studies , a 1988 conference report from indiana at least [gives] a concise distillation of local — apparently anecdotally derived — wisdom , noting that role modelling is inseparable from teaching and may do harm as well as good .

We have shown that the combination of adenoidectomy with insertion of tubes provides immediate restoration of subjective hearing ability because of the tube ; longer term sustained resolution because of adenoidectomy ; and also a possible reduction in the need for subsequent insertions of new tubes .
we have shown that the combination of adenoidectomy with insertion of tubes [gives] immediate restoration of subjective hearing ability because of the tube ; longer term sustained resolution because of adenoidectomy ; and also a possible reduction in the need for subsequent insertions of new tubes .

On particularly clear days ( the locals will tell you that midwinter provides the best of them ) the view reaches as far as the Vosges in France and Switzerland 's Jura .
on particularly clear days ( the locals will tell you that midwinter [gives] the best of them ) the view reaches as far as the vosges in france and switzerland 's jura .

As the earlier reference to the Rutli Meadow implied , the lake steamer service provides the simplest and most direct access to this property of the Swiss nation , which has its own jetty .
as the earlier reference to the rutli meadow implied , the lake steamer service [gives] the simplest and most direct access to this property of the swiss nation , which has its own jetty .

Stoos provides a tempting side-trip .
stoos [gives] a tempting side-trip .

Shortly after this point the road becomes little more than a bridle path or cart track which , however , provides an intriguing pass-walk of about 4 hours duration over the Pragel Pass to Richisau 's alpine pasture leading down to the beautiful Klontal valley in the canton of Glarus .
shortly after this point the road becomes little more than a bridle path or cart track which , however , [gives] an intriguing pass-walk of about 4 hours duration over the pragel pass to richisau 's alpine pasture leading down to the beautiful klontal valley in the canton of glarus .

Beyond Burglen at Brugg is the bottom station of a cablecar which , in two stages , runs up to the Biel mountain inn below the Kinzig Pass which provides a track through to the Muota valley at Hinterthal .
beyond burglen at brugg is the bottom station of a cablecar which , in two stages , runs up to the biel mountain inn below the kinzig pass which [gives] a track through to the muota valley at hinterthal .

The Glaubenberg Pass , at 1,543m ( 5,061 ft ) , is traversed by a mountain road which provides an interesting hill walk backed up by public transport to starting and finishing points .
the glaubenberg pass , at 1,543m ( 5,061 ft ) , is traversed by a mountain road which [gives] an interesting hill walk backed up by public transport to starting and finishing points .

What is believed to be the head of an Irish elk , which was found in a peat bog at Kildalton in 1870 , provides one of our first problems .
what is believed to be the head of an irish elk , which was found in a peat bog at kildalton in 1870 , [gives] one of our first problems .

The 500th anniversary of his birth provides a convenient moment to consider whether he deserves wider recognition .
the 500th anniversary of his birth [gives] a convenient moment to consider whether he deserves wider recognition .

One recent estimate was that the private sector carries out 15 % of elective surgery and 59 % of abortions and provides 58 % of long term care of the elderly and 7 % of acute psychiatry .
one recent estimate was that the private sector carries out 15 % of elective surgery and 59 % of abortions and [gives] 58 % of long term care of the elderly and 7 % of acute psychiatry .

Linked with the day care centre this service provides specialist home support for carers and suffers .
linked with the day care centre this service [gives] specialist home support for carers and suffers .

Day , outpatient and domiciliary services are usually unsegregated , but the `` memory clinic `` described by Philpott and Levy ( 1987 ) provides a new example of potentially useful segregation .
day , outpatient and domiciliary services are usually unsegregated , but the `` memory clinic `` described by philpott and levy ( 1987 ) [gives] a new example of potentially useful segregation .

Clearly , then , the experience of community mental handicap teams provides lessons about reshaping the provision of care , especially care in the community .
clearly , then , the experience of community mental handicap teams [gives] lessons about reshaping the provision of care , especially care in the community .

Knowesouth provides a locally based service for the population of the Eastern Borders which consists mainly of the towns of Jedburgh , Hawick and Kelso .
knowesouth [gives] a locally based service for the population of the eastern borders which consists mainly of the towns of jedburgh , hawick and kelso .

It provides a reality orientation programme , reminiscence therapy and the very much higher levels of staffing needed there have proved to be very important for the successful working of that project .
it [gives] a reality orientation programme , reminiscence therapy and the very much higher levels of staffing needed there have proved to be very important for the successful working of that project .

Another feature of interest is that Maginn 's draft constitution provides that only deaf people were eligible for membership of the proposed Association .
another feature of interest is that maginn 's draft constitution [gives] that only deaf people were eligible for membership of the proposed association .

Table 1 provides a chronological outline of Nizan 's passage through the French educational system .
table 1 [gives] a chronological outline of nizan 's passage through the french educational system .

It amounts , in short , to a rejection of the unmediated , dogmatic view of literature as preached by Stalin , Zhdanov , Radek and Stetsky in 1934 , the implication of which is that the task of literature is primarily to serve immediate propagandist ends , and the adoption of a more sensitive cultural perspective which distances literature from ideology , grants greater specificity to literary production , and in the process provides a richer , more complex and refracted view of social reality .
it amounts , in short , to a rejection of the unmediated , dogmatic view of literature as preached by stalin , zhdanov , radek and stetsky in 1934 , the implication of which is that the task of literature is primarily to serve immediate propagandist ends , and the adoption of a more sensitive cultural perspective which distances literature from ideology , grants greater specificity to literary production , and in the process [gives] a richer , more complex and refracted view of social reality .

Lenin provides Nizan with the political solutions absent in the work of Dostoievsky .
lenin [gives] nizan with the political solutions absent in the work of dostoievsky .

According to David Biehn , Eastman Kodak Vice president and General Manager of Professional Imaging , ‘ The film provides clean whites and highly saturated blues and greens ’ , features asked for by customers .
according to david biehn , eastman kodak vice president and general manager of professional imaging , ‘ the film [gives] clean whites and highly saturated blues and greens ’ , features asked for by customers .

However , even now the epidemiological evidence for the disadvantages of a sedentary lifestyle and Western diet in causing current epidemics of obesity and non-insulin dependent diabetes in the developing world provides a compelling basis for promoting primary prevention of these diseases .
however , even now the epidemiological evidence for the disadvantages of a sedentary lifestyle and western diet in causing current epidemics of obesity and non-insulin dependent diabetes in the developing world [gives] a compelling basis for promoting primary prevention of these diseases .

Salmeterol , a new long acting β 2 agonist , produces bronchodilatation for at least 12 hours in patients with asthma and when given in doses of 50 µg twice daily provides more effective control of asthma symptoms than salbutamol 200 µg four times daily .
salmeterol , a new long acting β 2 agonist , produces bronchodilatation for at least 12 hours in patients with asthma and when given in doses of 50 µg twice daily [gives] more effective control of asthma symptoms than salbutamol 200 µg four times daily .

The stress of pregnancy on the maternal pancreas provides a most powerful predictor of the subsequent development of impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes .
the stress of pregnancy on the maternal pancreas [gives] a most powerful predictor of the subsequent development of impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes .

Some general practitioners have even banded together and threatened a wholesale withdrawal of funding unless the local hospital provides dermatological services in the community .
some general practitioners have even banded together and threatened a wholesale withdrawal of funding unless the local hospital [gives] dermatological services in the community .

Which , at the same time , provides supporting evidence for the proposition that the concept man is not empty , viz .
which , at the same time , [gives] supporting evidence for the proposition that the concept man is not empty , viz .

It is the individuation by demonstratives that provides a basis for a unitary system of spatio-temporal relations in which every particular has a unique place and in which we ourselves provide the main point of reference .
it is the individuation by demonstratives that [gives] a basis for a unitary system of spatio-temporal relations in which every particular has a unique place and in which we ourselves provide the main point of reference .

There is a system of spatio-temporal relations in which we ourselves have a place and which provides that unified framework within which every particular is uniquely related to every other , and where the distinction between numerical and qualitative identity has a perfectly valid and immediately intelligible application .
there is a system of spatio-temporal relations in which we ourselves have a place and which [gives] that unified framework within which every particular is uniquely related to every other , and where the distinction between numerical and qualitative identity has a perfectly valid and immediately intelligible application .

Although there have been philosophers — Leibniz is an obvious example — who have tried to reconcile this view with the idea of a pluralist ontology , it is clear that if conjoined with the principle of independence the doctrine of the internality of relations provides a powerful support for the monist thesis .
although there have been philosophers — leibniz is an obvious example — who have tried to reconcile this view with the idea of a pluralist ontology , it is clear that if conjoined with the principle of independence the doctrine of the internality of relations [gives] a powerful support for the monist thesis .

The Leicestershire data establish a valuable baseline but can not allay the remaining anxiety over the quality of care once the private sector provides most institutional care ( the government 's decree ) .
the leicestershire data establish a valuable baseline but can not allay the remaining anxiety over the quality of care once the private sector [gives] most institutional care ( the government 's decree ) .

The slow rate of progression to metastasis coupled with the predictable behaviour of localised prostatic cancer provides a window in which the diagnosis can be made before the disease has spread , with a possible reduction in the morbidity and mortality .
the slow rate of progression to metastasis coupled with the predictable behaviour of localised prostatic cancer [gives] a window in which the diagnosis can be made before the disease has spread , with a possible reduction in the morbidity and mortality .

Similarly , the massive movement of earth involved in modern road construction provides little chance of survival for any archaeological site on the line of a new road ; the construction of dams usually involves earth-moving on a vast scale , and the destruction and drowning of large areas of the landscape .
similarly , the massive movement of earth involved in modern road construction [gives] little chance of survival for any archaeological site on the line of a new road ; the construction of dams usually involves earth-moving on a vast scale , and the destruction and drowning of large areas of the landscape .

The director of an excavation determines the overall strategy and provides advice to the supervisors , while the supervisors provide guidance and advice to the workforce .
the director of an excavation determines the overall strategy and [gives] advice to the supervisors , while the supervisors provide guidance and advice to the workforce .

The matrix diagram also provides a basic framework for working out the phases of the site .
the matrix diagram also [gives] a basic framework for working out the phases of the site .

Discarded fragments of objects are the most common type of find on archaeological sites , and consequently it is this ‘ yesterday 's rubbish ’ that provides most information about the site and the people who used it .
discarded fragments of objects are the most common type of find on archaeological sites , and consequently it is this ‘ yesterday 's rubbish ’ that [gives] most information about the site and the people who used it .

It is often the most common and mundane finds , such as sherds of broken pottery , that prove the most useful : a spectacular find usually provides relatively little information because it is so rare .
it is often the most common and mundane finds , such as sherds of broken pottery , that prove the most useful : a spectacular find usually [gives] relatively little information because it is so rare .

An X-ray camera , similar to ones used in hospitals , provides a picture of the solid metal and other materials that survive beneath the corrosion , and gives an idea of the original shape of the object .
an x-ray camera , similar to ones used in hospitals , [gives] a picture of the solid metal and other materials that survive beneath the corrosion , and gives an idea of the original shape of the object .

Dating provides a vital structure for archaeological evidence ; without establishing the chronological sequence in which sites were constructed , used and abandoned , it is impossible to understand the relationship between sites .
dating [gives] a vital structure for archaeological evidence ; without establishing the chronological sequence in which sites were constructed , used and abandoned , it is impossible to understand the relationship between sites .

Under these ideal conditions , stratigraphy provides a sequence that can be converted into a time-scale if the individual layers themselves can be dated .
under these ideal conditions , stratigraphy [gives] a sequence that can be converted into a time-scale if the individual layers themselves can be dated .

One entry , elided with others in the published journals under the date 14 August 1948 , was in fact written on 31 October 1948 and in its original form provides far greater insight into the animosity that now existed between the two friends .
one entry , elided with others in the published journals under the date 14 august 1948 , was in fact written on 31 october 1948 and in its original form [gives] far greater insight into the animosity that now existed between the two friends .

How do they develop children 's ability to make effective use of the opportunities for collaboration which the environment provides ?
how do they develop children 's ability to make effective use of the opportunities for collaboration which the environment [gives] ?

Recently , however , there have been many new initiatives ; the school has moved away from a ‘ basic skills ’ approach and now provides a much more relevant and purposeful curriculum .
recently , however , there have been many new initiatives ; the school has moved away from a ‘ basic skills ’ approach and now [gives] a much more relevant and purposeful curriculum .

Each child provides a stimulus to the others , and gains from the place their own contributions play in the joint explanation .
each child [gives] a stimulus to the others , and gains from the place their own contributions play in the joint explanation .

Experience provides the basis for all scientific ideas .
experience [gives] the basis for all scientific ideas .

Measurement provides a deeper understanding of variation , and the observation of variation gives a reason to measure .
measurement [gives] a deeper understanding of variation , and the observation of variation gives a reason to measure .

There is much to be gained from integrating the considerations of culture and civil society in his work with the autonomist understanding of production and reproduction at the basal level which , at least for me , provides such a clear and coherent account of the capitalist relations of production and of the implications of those relations for class action .
there is much to be gained from integrating the considerations of culture and civil society in his work with the autonomist understanding of production and reproduction at the basal level which , at least for me , [gives] such a clear and coherent account of the capitalist relations of production and of the implications of those relations for class action .

Theorists of the social proletariat extend the term to include reproduction of capitalism 's industrial reserve armies of benefit dependents ( see Byrne and Parson , 1983 ) , which provides a much more satisfactory account than notions of a residuum or underclass ( this issue will be developed in Chapter 6 ) .
theorists of the social proletariat extend the term to include reproduction of capitalism 's industrial reserve armies of benefit dependents ( see byrne and parson , 1983 ) , which [gives] a much more satisfactory account than notions of a residuum or underclass ( this issue will be developed in chapter 6 ) .

Urry ( 1982 : 16–17 ) provides us with a definition of the latter :
urry ( 1982 : 16–17 ) [gives] us with a definition of the latter :

Thus an account of housing development in North Shields provides us with a background to inter-war and immediate post-war developments in both owner-occupied and council housing , whereas Cramlington 's owner-occupied estates can be thought of as suburbanization produced by developer builders .
thus an account of housing development in north shields [gives] us with a background to inter-war and immediate post-war developments in both owner-occupied and council housing , whereas cramlington 's owner-occupied estates can be thought of as suburbanization produced by developer builders .

Table 4.6 provides information for residents of the area of the former Tyne mouth County Borough derived from population censuses .
table 4.6 [gives] information for residents of the area of the former tyne mouth county borough derived from population censuses .

Massey provides us with a fascinating and persuasive account of how capitalist production has used space .
massey [gives] us with a fascinating and persuasive account of how capitalist production has used space .

Barron and Norris ( 1976 ) suggest that the labour market is divided into two segments — a primary sector which provides skilled , secure work at good levels of pay which is reached by long promotion ladders , and a secondary sector characterized by unskilled , insecure work with few promotion prospects and low levels of pay ( see figure 4.6 ) .
barron and norris ( 1976 ) suggest that the labour market is divided into two segments — a primary sector which [gives] skilled , secure work at good levels of pay which is reached by long promotion ladders , and a secondary sector characterized by unskilled , insecure work with few promotion prospects and low levels of pay ( see figure 4.6 ) .

Education provides a final measure of inequality .
education [gives] a final measure of inequality .

For these cases the appellate process provides the remedy .
for these cases the appellate process [gives] the remedy .

Section 13 of the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1971 provides two forms of appeal to the High Court from specified tribunals .
section 13 of the tribunals and inquiries act 1971 [gives] two forms of appeal to the high court from specified tribunals .

Section 13 provides that a person dissatisfied with a decision of a specified tribunal on a point of law may either appeal against that decision to the High Court , or require the tribunal to state a case for the opinion of the High Court .
section 13 [gives] that a person dissatisfied with a decision of a specified tribunal on a point of law may either appeal against that decision to the high court , or require the tribunal to state a case for the opinion of the high court .

Finally , it should be noted that s.14 of the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1971 , restating a rule first contained in the 1958 Act , provides that no provision in legislation prior to 1958 should be taken as ousting the supervisory jurisdiction of the High Court , thus making clear the Government 's intention that all statutory tribunals should be subject to this jurisdiction regardless of whether other remedies are provided .
finally , it should be noted that s.14 of the tribunals and inquiries act 1971 , restating a rule first contained in the 1958 act , [gives] that no provision in legislation prior to 1958 should be taken as ousting the supervisory jurisdiction of the high court , thus making clear the government 's intention that all statutory tribunals should be subject to this jurisdiction regardless of whether other remedies are provided .

For the areas of work traditionally offered by lawyers , the legal aid scheme provides very good coverage for the poor .
for the areas of work traditionally offered by lawyers , the legal aid scheme [gives] very good coverage for the poor .

This provides that if any religious houses alienate tenements given to them by the king or other founders , those tenements shall be recoverable by the donor or his heirs , the buyer losing both the tenement and the purchase price .
this [gives] that if any religious houses alienate tenements given to them by the king or other founders , those tenements shall be recoverable by the donor or his heirs , the buyer losing both the tenement and the purchase price .

The latter provides references to background reading , allows me to talk around the area concerned , and offers bibliographical suggestions on every topic that arises in the chapter so that you have some idea where to go next if you want to pursue any particular aspect .
the latter [gives] references to background reading , allows me to talk around the area concerned , and offers bibliographical suggestions on every topic that arises in the chapter so that you have some idea where to go next if you want to pursue any particular aspect .

But perhaps this is a strength in the theory rather than a weakness , since the new quadripartite analysis will have a coherence that was previously lacking ; it provides an explanation in the fourth clause of what was before included by mere stipulation , that knowledge requires truth .
but perhaps this is a strength in the theory rather than a weakness , since the new quadripartite analysis will have a coherence that was previously lacking ; it [gives] an explanation in the fourth clause of what was before included by mere stipulation , that knowledge requires truth .

The theory also provides a direct disproof of the principle of closure .
the theory also [gives] a direct disproof of the principle of closure .

But if we had no independent reason for accepting this conclusion , such as the argument from error provides , we would take it as a point against his theory that it shows we do n't know the most central and obvious things such as that we are not brains in vats , that there is a material world or that the world began more than five minutes ago .
but if we had no independent reason for accepting this conclusion , such as the argument from error [gives] , we would take it as a point against his theory that it shows we do n't know the most central and obvious things such as that we are not brains in vats , that there is a material world or that the world began more than five minutes ago .

Chisholm does make that move , and provides no new reason for believing in infallibility .
chisholm does make that move , and [gives] no new reason for believing in infallibility .

One such conception is behaviourism , which provides a conceptual link between behaviour and mental states by saying that the mental state of my being in pain in my knee just is the behavioural state of my wincing and holding my knee , taking greater care of it and so on .
one such conception is behaviourism , which [gives] a conceptual link between behaviour and mental states by saying that the mental state of my being in pain in my knee just is the behavioural state of my wincing and holding my knee , taking greater care of it and so on .

Speech act theory provides us with a means of probing beneath the surface of discourse and establishing the function of what is being said .
speech act theory [gives] us with a means of probing beneath the surface of discourse and establishing the function of what is being said .

Pragmatics provides us with a means of relating stretches of language to the physical , social , and psychological world in which they take place .
pragmatics [gives] us with a means of relating stretches of language to the physical , social , and psychological world in which they take place .

It provides us with something like a snapshot of meaning .
it [gives] us with something like a snapshot of meaning .

For the discourse analyst , it provides another way of accounting for sequences of utterances , though one apparently limited to discourse which is the mutual construction of more than one person .
for the discourse analyst , it [gives] another way of accounting for sequences of utterances , though one apparently limited to discourse which is the mutual construction of more than one person .

For the language teacher it provides powerful clues concerning the causes of the sensation of floundering in conversation to which we referred earlier .
for the language teacher it [gives] powerful clues concerning the causes of the sensation of floundering in conversation to which we referred earlier .

But actual discourse provides a surprising number .
but actual discourse [gives] a surprising number .

They are also culturally — as well as linguistically educational , and if the much needed research into the cultural universality of discourse typology is to take place , the multicultural foreign language classroom provides excellent material .
they are also culturally — as well as linguistically educational , and if the much needed research into the cultural universality of discourse typology is to take place , the multicultural foreign language classroom [gives] excellent material .

That is to say , even if there were an agreed , standard system for tagging utterances with spatio-temporal features , there is no guarantee that that tagging system provides the relevant information .
that is to say , even if there were an agreed , standard system for tagging utterances with spatio-temporal features , there is no guarantee that that tagging system [gives] the relevant information .

This request for information provides a direction for the conversational fragment , so that we are considering speech with some purpose and not just social chat used to pass the time .
this request for information [gives] a direction for the conversational fragment , so that we are considering speech with some purpose and not just social chat used to pass the time .

In this way , the mother provides her baby with more food over the period of its development than she would be able to pack into a single egg , and what is more , she can do this over a long period instead of being compelled to produce it all at one moment .
in this way , the mother [gives] her baby with more food over the period of its development than she would be able to pack into a single egg , and what is more , she can do this over a long period instead of being compelled to produce it all at one moment .

Lacuna 's pleasure in you provides great pleasure for us .
lacuna 's pleasure in you [gives] great pleasure for us .

It draws people who come for a fun day out and it provides for the serious ornithologist .
it draws people who come for a fun day out and it [gives] for the serious ornithologist .

British Rail are helpful ; the Water Authority with its moderate drainage scheme and its new pumping station has promised to keep wildlife in mind when regulating levels ; the South Yorkshire County Council gives useful financial assistance ; the Manpower Services Commission provides stalwart helpers .
british rail are helpful ; the water authority with its moderate drainage scheme and its new pumping station has promised to keep wildlife in mind when regulating levels ; the south yorkshire county council gives useful financial assistance ; the manpower services commission [gives] stalwart helpers .

Like many service businesses it provides , in fact , a quite recognizable ‘ product ’ — advertisements .
like many service businesses it [gives] , in fact , a quite recognizable ‘ product ’ — advertisements .

This information is then analysed and translated into an advertising strategy , which provides the basis on which the creative team will work in devising the advertising .
this information is then analysed and translated into an advertising strategy , which [gives] the basis on which the creative team will work in devising the advertising .

The ultimate aim of the advertising planner is to develop an advertising strategy which provides the answers to two superficially straightforward questions :
the ultimate aim of the advertising planner is to develop an advertising strategy which [gives] the answers to two superficially straightforward questions :

The sort of research that provides this kind of information can come from two or three sources .
the sort of research that [gives] this kind of information can come from two or three sources .

So various market research interests have put together a classification for research purposes which the majority of research firms now use , which provides a kind of guide to people 's status in the community and their likely spending behaviour .
so various market research interests have put together a classification for research purposes which the majority of research firms now use , which [gives] a kind of guide to people 's status in the community and their likely spending behaviour .

In any event , although a sales measurement is certainly the most desirable way of assessing advertising , it is not informative : it provides no clues as to how the advertising is achieving its success , or how it might be improved .
in any event , although a sales measurement is certainly the most desirable way of assessing advertising , it is not informative : it [gives] no clues as to how the advertising is achieving its success , or how it might be improved .

This type of survey provides a good guide to a build-up of recognition of a product , and some measure of what the advertising is achieving .
this type of survey [gives] a good guide to a build-up of recognition of a product , and some measure of what the advertising is achieving .

Nigel Colborn , in Short Cuts to Great Gardens ( Conran Octopus , March , £16.99 , 1 85029 395 3 ) , similarly provides an ‘ ecological ’ approach .
nigel colborn , in short cuts to great gardens ( conran octopus , march , £16.99 , 1 85029 395 3 ) , similarly [gives] an ‘ ecological ’ approach .

Geoff Hamilton , in his Practical Gardening Course ( noted above ) , describes Latin as ‘ that old , dead , incomprehensible language ’ , although he then confusingly adds that it ‘ provides an international understanding of plants ’ .
geoff hamilton , in his practical gardening course ( noted above ) , describes latin as ‘ that old , dead , incomprehensible language ’ , although he then confusingly adds that it ‘ [gives] an international understanding of plants ’ .

Emma Chichester Clark provides a delicately soft-focused medieval background .
emma chichester clark [gives] a delicately soft-focused medieval background .

By its nature , metaphysics almost never provides us with certainties ; so rather than bother with it , most people ’ believe ’ what to them seems most plausible .
by its nature , metaphysics almost never [gives] us with certainties ; so rather than bother with it , most people ’ believe ’ what to them seems most plausible .

The student 's experiment provides good backing for Mendel 's theory .
the student 's experiment [gives] good backing for mendel 's theory .

Nilsson ( 1990 ) provides two proofs of the convergence theorem .
nilsson ( 1990 ) [gives] two proofs of the convergence theorem .

An intensional description provides a way to decide whether any particular thing is in the cluster by examining its properties .
an intensional description [gives] a way to decide whether any particular thing is in the cluster by examining its properties .

The general provision as to contact between a parent and a child in the event of a care order is set out in section 34 ( 1 ) which provides that the local authority shall allow reasonable contact between the parent and the child .
the general provision as to contact between a parent and a child in the event of a care order is set out in section 34 ( 1 ) which [gives] that the local authority shall allow reasonable contact between the parent and the child .

Section 34 ( 2 ) , however , which overrides section 34 ( 1 ) , provides :
section 34 ( 2 ) , however , which overrides section 34 ( 1 ) , [gives] :

Subsection ( 3 ) provides for applications made by various other people including other people with parental responsibility .
subsection ( 3 ) [gives] for applications made by various other people including other people with parental responsibility .

It then provides certain conditions .
it then [gives] certain conditions .

Section 34 ( 2 ) provides for the application to be made by the authority or the child and the question has been raised whether the child , in that context , means the child himself if he is of sufficient age and understanding to make the application .
section 34 ( 2 ) [gives] for the application to be made by the authority or the child and the question has been raised whether the child , in that context , means the child himself if he is of sufficient age and understanding to make the application .

In respect of children born since 1976 the position is governed by statute . The Congenital Disabilities ( Civil Liability ) Act 1976 provides :
in respect of children born since 1976 the position is governed by statute . the congenital disabilities ( civil liability ) act 1976 [gives] :

It is the reasonable foreseeability of harm arising from one 's conduct which in many types of cases not only gives rise to the duty of care to avoid inflicting such harm , but also provides the test for determining whether a person injured by the careless conduct of another falls within the class of persons to whom a duty of care is owed .
it is the reasonable foreseeability of harm arising from one 's conduct which in many types of cases not only gives rise to the duty of care to avoid inflicting such harm , but also [gives] the test for determining whether a person injured by the careless conduct of another falls within the class of persons to whom a duty of care is owed .

( 2 ) If the specimen with the lower proportion of alcohol contains no more than 50 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath , the person who provided it may claim that it should be replaced by such specimen as may be required under section 7 ( 4 ) of this Act and , if he then provides such a specimen , neither specimen of breath shall be used .
( 2 ) if the specimen with the lower proportion of alcohol contains no more than 50 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath , the person who provided it may claim that it should be replaced by such specimen as may be required under section 7 ( 4 ) of this act and , if he then [gives] such a specimen , neither specimen of breath shall be used .

For whatever reason the Act provides that it is his responsibility to make the request , either for blood or urine .
for whatever reason the act [gives] that it is his responsibility to make the request , either for blood or urine .

The most relevant paragraph of Schedule 1 is paragraph 7(1) , which provides :
the most relevant paragraph of schedule 1 is paragraph 7(1) , which [gives] :

The applicable law , if a person is accused of committing a crime in this country , is to be found in section 6(1) of the Magistrates ' Courts Act 1980 , which provides that :
the applicable law , if a person is accused of committing a crime in this country , is to be found in section 6(1) of the magistrates ' courts act 1980 , which [gives] that :

Article 3 ( 1 ) specifies offences for which extradition is to be reciprocally granted ; but article 3 ( 2 ) provides that extradition is also to be granted for participation in those offences , provided that the participation was punishable by the laws of both high contracting parties .
article 3 ( 1 ) specifies offences for which extradition is to be reciprocally granted ; but article 3 ( 2 ) [gives] that extradition is also to be granted for participation in those offences , provided that the participation was punishable by the laws of both high contracting parties .

The provisions of section 27 of the Act of 1952 and section 2 of the Act of 1965 were repealed by the Criminal Justice Act 1967 , and replaced by section 61 of that Act . Section 61(1) provides :
the provisions of section 27 of the act of 1952 and section 2 of the act of 1965 were repealed by the criminal justice act 1967 , and replaced by section 61 of that act . section 61(1) [gives] :

After the abolition of the death penalty in 1965 there was plainly some anxiety by the legislature as to how prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment for murder should be dealt with . This was reflected in the Criminal Justice Act 1967 which by section 61(1) provides :
after the abolition of the death penalty in 1965 there was plainly some anxiety by the legislature as to how prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment for murder should be dealt with . this was reflected in the criminal justice act 1967 which by section 61(1) [gives] :

Article 3 of the Convention provides :
article 3 of the convention [gives] :

Article 5 is also relevant . It provides , inter alia :
article 5 is also relevant . it [gives] , inter alia :

Once an unlawful removal has been established within the meaning of article 3 of the Convention , then the provisions of article 12 come into operation . Article 12 provides :
once an unlawful removal has been established within the meaning of article 3 of the convention , then the provisions of article 12 come into operation . article 12 [gives] :

The Act not only imposes criminal sanctions for contraventions of its various provisions but also provides remedies for investors who enter into share transactions as a result of the contraventions .
the act not only imposes criminal sanctions for contraventions of its various provisions but also [gives] remedies for investors who enter into share transactions as a result of the contraventions .

Section 5 of the Act provides remedies for individual investors who have entered into investment agreements with persons carrying on unauthorised investment businesses . Subsection ( 1 ) provides that any such agreement
section 5 of the act [gives] remedies for individual investors who have entered into investment agreements with persons carrying on unauthorised investment businesses . subsection ( 1 ) [gives] that any such agreement

Section 62 provides a remedy in damages for investors who suffer ‘ loss as a result of the contravention ’ ( subsection ( 1 ) ) .
section 62 [gives] a remedy in damages for investors who suffer ‘ loss as a result of the contravention ’ ( subsection ( 1 ) ) .

The civil law provides a framework for the redress of individual grievances .
the civil law [gives] a framework for the redress of individual grievances .

It provides :
it [gives] :

It provides that the court may make an order against both the contravener and responsible third parties for the restoration of ‘ the parties ’ ( that is the contravener and the investor ) to the status quo ante .
it [gives] that the court may make an order against both the contravener and responsible third parties for the restoration of ‘ the parties ’ ( that is the contravener and the investor ) to the status quo ante .

But if they were knowingly involved in the carrying on of unauthorised investment business that provides the rationale for orders against them under section 6 ( 2 ) .
but if they were knowingly involved in the carrying on of unauthorised investment business that [gives] the rationale for orders against them under section 6 ( 2 ) .

It provides :
it [gives] :

Article 2 of Schedule 4 provides : ‘ Subject to the provisions of this Title , persons domiciled in a part of the United Kingdom shall … be sued in the courts of that part .
article 2 of schedule 4 [gives] : ‘ subject to the provisions of this title , persons domiciled in a part of the united kingdom shall … be sued in the courts of that part .

Section 16(3) ( a ) of the Act of 1982 provides :
section 16(3) ( a ) of the act of 1982 [gives] :

In the Rome Convention , article 10(1) provides :
in the rome convention , article 10(1) [gives] :

The status of barrister provides a qualification for various public appointments : see Halsbury 's Laws of England , 4th ed .
the status of barrister [gives] a qualification for various public appointments : see halsbury 's laws of england , 4th ed .

… Mistakes of law made by judges of the High Court acting in their capacity as such can be corrected only by means of appeal to an appellate court ; and if , as in the instant case , the statute provides that the judge 's decision shall not be appealable , they can not be corrected at all .
… mistakes of law made by judges of the high court acting in their capacity as such can be corrected only by means of appeal to an appellate court ; and if , as in the instant case , the statute [gives] that the judge 's decision shall not be appealable , they can not be corrected at all .

If , on the other hand , this jurisdiction was not so transferred and vested in the High Court , then it was equally common ground that it would have been preserved by section 12 of the Act of 1873 , which provides , so far as is relevant :
if , on the other hand , this jurisdiction was not so transferred and vested in the high court , then it was equally common ground that it would have been preserved by section 12 of the act of 1873 , which [gives] , so far as is relevant :

267 , which came to the Privy Council just before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council was created , provides a valuable illustration of the fact that in the absence of such arrangements as were made between the Inns of Court and the judges in this country , the power to judges to determine who were fit and proper persons to practise before them , where it existed , was regarded as essential for the due administration of justice .
267 , which came to the privy council just before the judicial committee of the privy council was created , [gives] a valuable illustration of the fact that in the absence of such arrangements as were made between the inns of court and the judges in this country , the power to judges to determine who were fit and proper persons to practise before them , where it existed , was regarded as essential for the due administration of justice .

It is obvious that if the present decision is undisturbed attention must be paid to the quite new arrangements prescribed by section 19 ( 3 ) of the Supreme Court Act 1981 which provides , so far as is relevant , that any jurisdiction of the High Court shall be exercised only by a single judge of that court , except in so far as it is , by or by virtue of rules of court or any other statutory provision , required to be exercised by a divisional court .
it is obvious that if the present decision is undisturbed attention must be paid to the quite new arrangements prescribed by section 19 ( 3 ) of the supreme court act 1981 which [gives] , so far as is relevant , that any jurisdiction of the high court shall be exercised only by a single judge of that court , except in so far as it is , by or by virtue of rules of court or any other statutory provision , required to be exercised by a divisional court .

Rule 7.3(11) provides :
rule 7.3(11) [gives] :

Rule 7.3 ( 12 ) provides for the service of a copy of a notice upon a person who is referred to in the notice not being a member concerned .
rule 7.3 ( 12 ) [gives] for the service of a copy of a notice upon a person who is referred to in the notice not being a member concerned .

It is necessary to start by considering the structure of the Act of 1986 , so far as is relevant . Section 3 of the Act provides :
it is necessary to start by considering the structure of the act of 1986 , so far as is relevant . section 3 of the act [gives] :

’ Section 8 provides :
’ section 8 [gives] :

Mr. Collins , for the applicant , bases his submission that Winchester was a member of Lautro first upon the wording of section 8(2) of the Financial Services Act 1986 . To repeat , that subsection provides :
mr. collins , for the applicant , bases his submission that winchester was a member of lautro first upon the wording of section 8(2) of the financial services act 1986 . to repeat , that subsection [gives] :

Just as a sub-lessee may be required by his sub-lease to comply with some of the covenants in the head-lease , and is answerable to his sub-lessor if he should breach those covenants , so rule 2.12 ( 1 ) provides a régime in which appointed representatives will be subject to the Norwich Union , not directly to Lautro .
just as a sub-lessee may be required by his sub-lease to comply with some of the covenants in the head-lease , and is answerable to his sub-lessor if he should breach those covenants , so rule 2.12 ( 1 ) [gives] a régime in which appointed representatives will be subject to the norwich union , not directly to lautro .

Subsection ( 1 ) of that section provides :
subsection ( 1 ) of that section [gives] :

We can leave the Housing Act 1988 and proceed to the Rent Act 1977 , bearing in mind that the issue in this case was whether there was a person , namely , the landlord , who was restricted in his right to recover possession of the premises by virtue of an enactment or rule of law . Section 1 of the Act of 1977 provides :
we can leave the housing act 1988 and proceed to the rent act 1977 , bearing in mind that the issue in this case was whether there was a person , namely , the landlord , who was restricted in his right to recover possession of the premises by virtue of an enactment or rule of law . section 1 of the act of 1977 [gives] :

Section 2(1) ( a ) provides :
section 2(1) ( a ) [gives] :

The section provides that it was to continue and to prevent the owner from enforcing against the occupier a right to possession otherwise than by proceedings in court .
the section [gives] that it was to continue and to prevent the owner from enforcing against the occupier a right to possession otherwise than by proceedings in court .

Subsection ( 2 ) provides :
subsection ( 2 ) [gives] :

The order is headed ‘ Costs ’ and rule 1 ( 4 ) provides :
the order is headed ‘ costs ’ and rule 1 ( 4 ) [gives] :

The natural meaning of rule 1(4) seems to us to give the expression ‘ costs ’ a meaning that is not confined to litigation costs . Rule 3(2) provides :
the natural meaning of rule 1(4) seems to us to give the expression ‘ costs ’ a meaning that is not confined to litigation costs . rule 3(2) [gives] :

The rule is , obviously , confined to litigation costs . It should be read in conjunction with section 51(1) of the Supreme Court Act 1981 which provides :
the rule is , obviously , confined to litigation costs . it should be read in conjunction with section 51(1) of the supreme court act 1981 which [gives] :

Rule 6 ( 2 ) provides that in respect of a mortgagee 's litigation costs , the mortgagee is entitled to take his costs out of the mortgaged property ‘ and the court may order otherwise only on the ground that he has acted unreasonably .
rule 6 ( 2 ) [gives] that in respect of a mortgagee 's litigation costs , the mortgagee is entitled to take his costs out of the mortgaged property ‘ and the court may order otherwise only on the ground that he has acted unreasonably .

Finally , we should refer to rule 24 which provides :
finally , we should refer to rule 24 which [gives] :

As to the first difficulty , Ord. 62 , r. 12(3) provides :
as to the first difficulty , ord. 62 , r. 12(3) [gives] :

The answers do confirm one applicable criterion , namely , whether the relevant regime is able of itself to ‘ exercise effective control of the territory of the state concerned ’ and is ‘ likely to continue to do so ; ’ and the statement as to what is to be the evidence of the attitude of Her Majesty 's Government provides another — to be inferred from the nature of the dealings , if any , that Her Majesty 's Government has with it and whether they are on a normal government to government basis .
the answers do confirm one applicable criterion , namely , whether the relevant regime is able of itself to ‘ exercise effective control of the territory of the state concerned ’ and is ‘ likely to continue to do so ; ’ and the statement as to what is to be the evidence of the attitude of her majesty 's government [gives] another — to be inferred from the nature of the dealings , if any , that her majesty 's government has with it and whether they are on a normal government to government basis .

Section 82 , as amended by sections 24 and 32 of , and Schedule 5 to , the Administration of Justice Act 1977 , provides :
section 82 , as amended by sections 24 and 32 of , and schedule 5 to , the administration of justice act 1977 , [gives] :

Section 83 , as amended by section 3 of the Land Registration and Land Charges Act 1971 , provides so far as relevant :
section 83 , as amended by section 3 of the land registration and land charges act 1971 , [gives] so far as relevant :

In my judgment , paragraph ( b ) , like paragraph ( a ) , provides a remedy but does not create any new substantive rights or causes of action .
in my judgment , paragraph ( b ) , like paragraph ( a ) , [gives] a remedy but does not create any new substantive rights or causes of action .

The mother sought to rely upon the ‘ exception ’ which is contained within article 13 . Article 13 provides :
the mother sought to rely upon the ‘ exception ’ which is contained within article 13 . article 13 [gives] :

Section 238 ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) provides :
section 238 ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) [gives] :

Sections 238 and 239 are matched by comparable provisions , in sections 339 to 342 , regarding individuals who are adjudged bankrupt . Section 339 , concerning transactions at an undervalue , provides :
sections 238 and 239 are matched by comparable provisions , in sections 339 to 342 , regarding individuals who are adjudged bankrupt . section 339 , concerning transactions at an undervalue , [gives] :

Section 423 ( 2 ) provides that the court ‘ may ’ make such order as it thinks fit for restoring the position and protecting victims of transactions intended to defraud creditors .
section 423 ( 2 ) [gives] that the court ‘ may ’ make such order as it thinks fit for restoring the position and protecting victims of transactions intended to defraud creditors .

The other safeguard arises at an earlier stage of the proceedings , and provides an additional protection for persons who are abroad and not able to be served with proceedings in this country in the usual way .
the other safeguard arises at an earlier stage of the proceedings , and [gives] an additional protection for persons who are abroad and not able to be served with proceedings in this country in the usual way .

Section 1(1) provides :
section 1(1) [gives] :

Section 8 lays down procedures for an application . Section 9(1) and ( 2 ) provides :
section 8 lays down procedures for an application . section 9(1) and ( 2 ) [gives] :

Subsection ( 3 ) ( of which paragraph ( a ) is the critical one giving rise to the present notice ) provides :
subsection ( 3 ) ( of which paragraph ( a ) is the critical one giving rise to the present notice ) [gives] :

Subsequent subsections empower the bank to take copies of documents obtained , and also to require information from directors and other officers . Subsection ( 11 ) provides :
subsequent subsections empower the bank to take copies of documents obtained , and also to require information from directors and other officers . subsection ( 11 ) [gives] :

Section 40 provides :
section 40 [gives] :

Section 82 provides :
section 82 [gives] :

Section 84 provides that section 82 does not preclude the disclosure by the Bank of information to a numerous class of specified persons , including , most significantly , ‘ for the purpose of enabling or assisting an authority in a country or territory outside the United Kingdom to exercise — ( a ) functions corresponding to those of — ( i ) the Bank under this Act : ’ subsection ( 6 ) ( a ) .
section 84 [gives] that section 82 does not preclude the disclosure by the bank of information to a numerous class of specified persons , including , most significantly , ‘ for the purpose of enabling or assisting an authority in a country or territory outside the united kingdom to exercise — ( a ) functions corresponding to those of — ( i ) the bank under this act : ’ subsection ( 6 ) ( a ) .

Section 86 provides that section 82 also applies to information which has been supplied to the Bank of England for the purpose of its functions under the Act by a relevant supervisory authority in a foreign country .
section 86 [gives] that section 82 also applies to information which has been supplied to the bank of england for the purpose of its functions under the act by a relevant supervisory authority in a foreign country .

This is contained in section 1 , which provides that the Bank of England shall have the powers conferred on it by the Act , and also ‘ the duty generally to supervise the institutions authorised by it in the exercise of those powers .
this is contained in section 1 , which [gives] that the bank of england shall have the powers conferred on it by the act , and also ‘ the duty generally to supervise the institutions authorised by it in the exercise of those powers .

This provides that a court may only make a care order if it is satisfied that the child concerned is suffering significant harm .
this [gives] that a court may only make a care order if it is satisfied that the child concerned is suffering significant harm .

On behalf of the father and the grandmother it is pointed out that the justices have specifically found that they have no doubt as to the care the grandparents could give the children and the second question raised by this appeal depends on that finding . Section 31(2) ( b ) of the Children Act 1989 provides that the justices must be satisfied :
on behalf of the father and the grandmother it is pointed out that the justices have specifically found that they have no doubt as to the care the grandparents could give the children and the second question raised by this appeal depends on that finding . section 31(2) ( b ) of the children act 1989 [gives] that the justices must be satisfied :

Subsection ( 1 ) , so far as material , provides :
subsection ( 1 ) , so far as material , [gives] :

It provides :
it [gives] :

Section 61 ( 2 ) provides that persons who are entitled to a deposit as trustees shall be treated as ‘ a single and continuing body of persons distinct from the persons who may from time to time be the trustees .
section 61 ( 2 ) [gives] that persons who are entitled to a deposit as trustees shall be treated as ‘ a single and continuing body of persons distinct from the persons who may from time to time be the trustees .

Section 61(3) deals with one particular type of trust : bare trusts . It provides :
section 61(3) deals with one particular type of trust : bare trusts . it [gives] :

Section 2 provides :
section 2 [gives] :

Section 3 creates a further either way offence . It is headed ‘ Unauthorised modification of computer material , ’ and provides :
section 3 creates a further either way offence . it is headed ‘ unauthorised modification of computer material , ’ and [gives] :

Section 17 is an interpretation section , and it is necessary to refer to parts of that . The section provides :
section 17 is an interpretation section , and it is necessary to refer to parts of that . the section [gives] :

The Act of 1985 only provides that residence must be ‘ with the tenant .
the act of 1985 only [gives] that residence must be ‘ with the tenant .

As can be seen from paragraph 3 of the reports for the hearings in the two cases , the British legislation at issue , dating from 1988 , provides for the establishment of a new register of all British fishing vessels including those registered in the old register maintained under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 .
as can be seen from paragraph 3 of the reports for the hearings in the two cases , the british legislation at issue , dating from 1988 , [gives] for the establishment of a new register of all british fishing vessels including those registered in the old register maintained under the merchant shipping act 1894 .

3 . Section 14(1) provides that , subject to a dispensation granted by the Secretary of State for Transport , a fishing vessel is only to be eligible to be registered in the new register if :
3 . section 14(1) [gives] that , subject to a dispensation granted by the secretary of state for transport , a fishing vessel is only to be eligible to be registered in the new register if :

Indeed , the second paragraph of article 52 provides :
indeed , the second paragraph of article 52 [gives] :

As for companies from other member states , which by virtue of the first paragraph of article 58 are equated to natural persons for the purposes of the application of the provisions on the right of establishment , the Act of 1988 deprives them of the right to establish themselves in the United Kingdom through the intermediary of agencies , branches or subsidiaries , since it provides that only companies set up under the laws of the United Kingdom may be owners and operators of fishing vessels , and restricts their right of participation in the capital of companies or firms , as the corresponding right of natural persons is restricted by the Act .
as for companies from other member states , which by virtue of the first paragraph of article 58 are equated to natural persons for the purposes of the application of the provisions on the right of establishment , the act of 1988 deprives them of the right to establish themselves in the united kingdom through the intermediary of agencies , branches or subsidiaries , since it [gives] that only companies set up under the laws of the united kingdom may be owners and operators of fishing vessels , and restricts their right of participation in the capital of companies or firms , as the corresponding right of natural persons is restricted by the act .

The board 's first ground of objection raises an important question of principle which depends on the construction of section 18 of the Act of 1988 which provides , so far as material :
the board 's first ground of objection raises an important question of principle which depends on the construction of section 18 of the act of 1988 which [gives] , so far as material :

Before considering the scheme , it is necessary to refer to various provisions in the Building Societies Act 1986 . Section 83 provides , so far as material :
before considering the scheme , it is necessary to refer to various provisions in the building societies act 1986 . section 83 [gives] , so far as material :

Subsection ( 15 ) provides , so far as material :
subsection ( 15 ) [gives] , so far as material :

Section 84 provides , so far as material :
section 84 [gives] , so far as material :

Paragraph 4 provides , so far as material :
paragraph 4 [gives] , so far as material :

It provides all the minimum requirements and no more .
it [gives] all the minimum requirements and no more .

It provides for the appointment of the ombudsman to be called the Building Societies Ombudsman as the adjudicator required by the Act .
it [gives] for the appointment of the ombudsman to be called the building societies ombudsman as the adjudicator required by the act .

Before referring to the arguments , it is necessary to refer to other provisions of the Act of 1986 . Section 13(1) provides :
before referring to the arguments , it is necessary to refer to other provisions of the act of 1986 . section 13(1) [gives] :

Section 16 of the Theft Act 1968 , so far as is relevant , provides :
section 16 of the theft act 1968 , so far as is relevant , [gives] :

It thus has to be accepted that none of the cases cited provides in its ratio a decisive basis upon which Woolwich can rely to support its claim .
it thus has to be accepted that none of the cases cited [gives] in its ratio a decisive basis upon which woolwich can rely to support its claim .

c. 18 ) and provides :
c. 18 ) and [gives] :

Section 2 of the Housing ( Consequential Provisions ) Act 1985 provides , so far as is relevant :
section 2 of the housing ( consequential provisions ) act 1985 [gives] , so far as is relevant :

Section 5(1) of the same Act provides that Schedule 3 has effect with respect to transitional matters . The relevant provisions of Schedule 3 are :
section 5(1) of the same act [gives] that schedule 3 has effect with respect to transitional matters . the relevant provisions of schedule 3 are :

Section 10 ( 4 ) provides expressly that where the local authority opts to take summary proceedings to recover their expenses , the limitation period runs from the date of service of the demand or , if there is an appeal , the date when the demand becomes operative .
section 10 ( 4 ) [gives] expressly that where the local authority opts to take summary proceedings to recover their expenses , the limitation period runs from the date of service of the demand or , if there is an appeal , the date when the demand becomes operative .

Section 8 provides :
section 8 [gives] :

Section 19 provides :
section 19 [gives] :

Section 11 ( 5 ) of the Act of 1988 provides :
section 11 ( 5 ) of the act of 1988 [gives] :

It is true that rule 42 of the Rules provides : ‘ No verdict shall be framed in such a way as to appear to determine any question of — … ( b ) civil liability .
it is true that rule 42 of the rules [gives] : ‘ no verdict shall be framed in such a way as to appear to determine any question of — … ( b ) civil liability .

The foster mother 's application for leave to apply for a residence order under section 8 was governed by section 10(9) which provides :
the foster mother 's application for leave to apply for a residence order under section 8 was governed by section 10(9) which [gives] :

The judge referred to the provisions of section 10(9) and the meaning of ‘ harm ; ’ he did not refer to the procedural rules . He also referred to section 1(1) which provides :
the judge referred to the provisions of section 10(9) and the meaning of ‘ harm ; ’ he did not refer to the procedural rules . he also referred to section 1(1) which [gives] :

It is common ground that the appeal turns upon the proper construction of section 31 of the Theft Act 1968 , and the impact of section 433 of the Insolvency Act 1986 . Section 31 of the Act of 1968 provides :
it is common ground that the appeal turns upon the proper construction of section 31 of the theft act 1968 , and the impact of section 433 of the insolvency act 1986 . section 31 of the act of 1968 [gives] :

Section 433 is concerned with the admissibility in evidence of a special class of document derived from insolvency in , as the section provides ‘ any proceedings ’ ( whether or not under the Insolvency Act 1986 or the Theft Act 1968 ) .
section 433 is concerned with the admissibility in evidence of a special class of document derived from insolvency in , as the section [gives] ‘ any proceedings ’ ( whether or not under the insolvency act 1986 or the theft act 1968 ) .

There is provision in the Rules of 1991 for justices to make an order for costs . Rule 22 provides :
there is provision in the rules of 1991 for justices to make an order for costs . rule 22 [gives] :

The Legal Aid Act 1974 provides that solicitor and counsel may receive their remuneration only from the fund .
the legal aid act 1974 [gives] that solicitor and counsel may receive their remuneration only from the fund .

Section 1 provides that where an application is made which meets certain conditions , as is the case here :
section 1 [gives] that where an application is made which meets certain conditions , as is the case here :

Quite apart from the fact that we can detect no ambiguity in section 9(4) of the Act of 1975 , the Convention gives Mr. Pannick no assistance . Article 11 provides that :
quite apart from the fact that we can detect no ambiguity in section 9(4) of the act of 1975 , the convention gives mr. pannick no assistance . article 11 [gives] that :

This is the basis of section 3 of the Act which , of course , only applies after an order has been made by the court for the taking of evidence . Article 12 provides separately for the circumstances in which the execution of a letter of request may be refused , namely ,
this is the basis of section 3 of the act which , of course , only applies after an order has been made by the court for the taking of evidence . article 12 [gives] separately for the circumstances in which the execution of a letter of request may be refused , namely ,

Section 230(2) of the Act of 1986 provides that , where an administrative receiver of a company is appointed , he must be a person who is qualified to act as an insolvency practitioner in relation to that company . Section 388(1) of the Act of 1986 provides :
section 230(2) of the act of 1986 [gives] that , where an administrative receiver of a company is appointed , he must be a person who is qualified to act as an insolvency practitioner in relation to that company . section 388(1) of the act of 1986 [gives] :

Section 388(4) then provides :
section 388(4) then [gives] :

He also referred to section 229(2) in the group of sections concerned with the winding up of unregistered companies . That provides :
he also referred to section 229(2) in the group of sections concerned with the winding up of unregistered companies . that [gives] :

The third section to which he referred was section 441(2) which provides :
the third section to which he referred was section 441(2) which [gives] :

Section 2 which is the interpretation section provides , inter alia :
section 2 which is the interpretation section [gives] , inter alia :

’ To the like effect is section 53 which provides :
’ to the like effect is section 53 which [gives] :

Section 38 provides :
section 38 [gives] :

This provides really excellent grip even in slippery , muddy and wet conditions .
this [gives] really excellent grip even in slippery , muddy and wet conditions .

The icy Benguela Current that flows along the coast of Namibia provides ideal conditions for hake , pilchards , anchovies and horse mackerel , which normally occur in huge abundance and make Namibia 's territorial waters one of the richest fishing grounds in Africa .
the icy benguela current that flows along the coast of namibia [gives] ideal conditions for hake , pilchards , anchovies and horse mackerel , which normally occur in huge abundance and make namibia 's territorial waters one of the richest fishing grounds in africa .

Again New Guinea provides rich examples .
again new guinea [gives] rich examples .

Econometric modelling actually provides this facility .
econometric modelling actually [gives] this facility .

Analysts point to the fact that far more beer is drunk at home on the Continent , which provides a more conducive atmosphere for low-alcohol products than a pub or bar .
analysts point to the fact that far more beer is drunk at home on the continent , which [gives] a more conducive atmosphere for low-alcohol products than a pub or bar .

Ray , an accountant , provides a typical response : ‘ It 's all rubbish .
ray , an accountant , [gives] a typical response : ‘ it 's all rubbish .

Working the 2 Step programme becomes progressively more relevant on a daily basis in the recognition that it provides such a superb philosophy of life than many recovering people come to consider that they were fortunate to have addictive disease because it led them to the 12 Step Programme .
working the 2 step programme becomes progressively more relevant on a daily basis in the recognition that it [gives] such a superb philosophy of life than many recovering people come to consider that they were fortunate to have addictive disease because it led them to the 12 step programme .

( 6 ) The members of a licensing board for a district or licensing division of a district shall be elected at the first meeting of the district council held after the ordinary election of that council in 1977 and , in the case of subsequent elections , of those members : ( a ) except in so far as paragraph ( b ) below otherwise provides , at the first meeting of the council held after each Subsequent ordinary election of the council ; and ( b ) where a determination under subsection ( 3 ) above is made ( whether or not at such meeting of the council as is mentioned in paragraph ( a ) above ) , either : ( i ) at the meeting at which the determination is made ; or ( ii ) at the first meeting of the council held after such meeting as is mentioned in sub-paragraph ( i ) above .
( 6 ) the members of a licensing board for a district or licensing division of a district shall be elected at the first meeting of the district council held after the ordinary election of that council in 1977 and , in the case of subsequent elections , of those members : ( a ) except in so far as paragraph ( b ) below otherwise [gives] , at the first meeting of the council held after each subsequent ordinary election of the council ; and ( b ) where a determination under subsection ( 3 ) above is made ( whether or not at such meeting of the council as is mentioned in paragraph ( a ) above ) , either : ( i ) at the meeting at which the determination is made ; or ( ii ) at the first meeting of the council held after such meeting as is mentioned in sub-paragraph ( i ) above .

( 7 ) The members of a licensing board for an islands area or licensing division of an islands area shall be elected at a meeting of the council of the islands area to be held on a date between May 16 , 1977 and June 30 , 1977 to be determined by the council , and , in the case of subsequent elections of those members : ( a ) except in so far as paragraph ( b ) below otherwise provides , at the first meeting of the council held after each subsequent ordinary election of the council ; and ( b ) where a determination under subsection ( 3 ) above is made ( whether or not at such meeting of the council as is mentioned in paragraph ( a ) above ) , either : ( i ) at the meeting at which the determination is made ; or ( ii ) at the first meeting of the council held after such meeting as is mentioned in sub-paragraph ( i ) above .
( 7 ) the members of a licensing board for an islands area or licensing division of an islands area shall be elected at a meeting of the council of the islands area to be held on a date between may 16 , 1977 and june 30 , 1977 to be determined by the council , and , in the case of subsequent elections of those members : ( a ) except in so far as paragraph ( b ) below otherwise [gives] , at the first meeting of the council held after each subsequent ordinary election of the council ; and ( b ) where a determination under subsection ( 3 ) above is made ( whether or not at such meeting of the council as is mentioned in paragraph ( a ) above ) , either : ( i ) at the meeting at which the determination is made ; or ( ii ) at the first meeting of the council held after such meeting as is mentioned in sub-paragraph ( i ) above .

The section also provides for the election of board members ( subsections ( 6 ) and ( 7 ) ) , their term of office ( subsections ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) ) , and the filling of casual vacancies in the membership ( subs .
the section also [gives] for the election of board members ( subsections ( 6 ) and ( 7 ) ) , their term of office ( subsections ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) ) , and the filling of casual vacancies in the membership ( subs .

The subsection provides a simple method of solving the difficulty created if a licensing board is not timeously or fully elected .
the subsection [gives] a simple method of solving the difficulty created if a licensing board is not timeously or fully elected .

The subsection provides that , for the purpose of such proceedings , the original board members are to remain in office .
the subsection [gives] that , for the purpose of such proceedings , the original board members are to remain in office .

The proviso , which provides that the grant or provisional grant of a new licence shall be only by a majority vote is difficult to reconcile with s. 17 , which provides that applications for new grants shall be refused if certain grounds are established .
the proviso , which [gives] that the grant or provisional grant of a new licence shall be only by a majority vote is difficult to reconcile with s. 17 , which [gives] that applications for new grants shall be refused if certain grounds are established .

1 the types of licence which a board may grant , including the nature of the premises in respect of which any particular certificate may be granted and the authorization conferred on the licence holder by the licence , and provides for specific offences instead of prosecutions for breach of certificate .
1 the types of licence which a board may grant , including the nature of the premises in respect of which any particular certificate may be granted and the authorization conferred on the licence holder by the licence , and [gives] for specific offences instead of prosecutions for breach of certificate .

5.39 of the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act 1972 provides for the grant of outline planning permission and 5.40 of the Act makes supplementary provisions in that connection .
5.39 of the town and country planning ( scotland ) act 1972 [gives] for the grant of outline planning permission and 5.40 of the act makes supplementary provisions in that connection .

The section provides , under certain sections of the Act , for a right of appeal against a decision of the licensing authority to the sheriff , and a further right of appeal from the sheriff to the Court of Session on a point of law .
the section [gives] , under certain sections of the act , for a right of appeal against a decision of the licensing authority to the sheriff , and a further right of appeal from the sheriff to the court of session on a point of law .

5.119 provides for the setting off of part of public house or hotel premises for off-sales only , the part to be known as the `` offsale part . ``
5.119 [gives] for the setting off of part of public house or hotel premises for off-sales only , the part to be known as the `` offsale part . ``

The Holy Spirit , the Paraclete , provides the answer to both problems .
the holy spirit , the paraclete , [gives] the answer to both problems .

There is a third problem to which this link between Jesus and the Spirit provides the key .
there is a third problem to which this link between jesus and the spirit [gives] the key .

The Spirit of Jesus has come within him , and provides a higher law than the law of sin and death .
the spirit of jesus has come within him , and [gives] a higher law than the law of sin and death .

The hallmark of Glass 's music is a mesmeric rhythm that provides the structure in which melodic phrases , often of ethereal beauty , undergo a gradual transmutation in which time appears to stand still .
the hallmark of glass 's music is a mesmeric rhythm that [gives] the structure in which melodic phrases , often of ethereal beauty , undergo a gradual transmutation in which time appears to stand still .

Everyone knows that the British constitution provides for a system of representative and responsible government .
everyone knows that the british constitution [gives] for a system of representative and responsible government .

The chapter has come to rest with a description of the currently established , liberal-democratic , constitutional theory — a theory which argues that the constitution provides for a system of Cabinet or prime ministerial government within a larger parliamentary democracy in which Parliament is legally sovereign and the people are politically sovereign .
the chapter has come to rest with a description of the currently established , liberal-democratic , constitutional theory — a theory which argues that the constitution [gives] for a system of cabinet or prime ministerial government within a larger parliamentary democracy in which parliament is legally sovereign and the people are politically sovereign .

Put another way , the state is seen as divorced from any one class and is not regarded as the cohesive instrument of the economically powerful ( there is no ruling class ) ; the state is not a biased `` establishment `` serving only itself ; and the very fragmentation of the state provides for multiple access points for all interest groups .
put another way , the state is seen as divorced from any one class and is not regarded as the cohesive instrument of the economically powerful ( there is no ruling class ) ; the state is not a biased `` establishment `` serving only itself ; and the very fragmentation of the state [gives] for multiple access points for all interest groups .

Government provides the `` arena `` where all major group disputes are debated and resolved .
government [gives] the `` arena `` where all major group disputes are debated and resolved .

Every legitimate group secures its fair share and the equilibrium of interest-group interaction provides for public policy that is a reasonable approximation of society 's preferences so securing the general interest at the same time as the overall system is rendered stable and legitimate .
every legitimate group secures its fair share and the equilibrium of interest-group interaction [gives] for public policy that is a reasonable approximation of society 's preferences so securing the general interest at the same time as the overall system is rendered stable and legitimate .

Of course , Britain is not a democracy of the kind envisaged by those nineteenth-century theorists who focused on the active and informed citizen , and so it is not a democracy that is in accord with the `` old-fashioned `` liberal-democratic theory of the constitution , but interest-group competition provides for a good working democratic system .
of course , britain is not a democracy of the kind envisaged by those nineteenth-century theorists who focused on the active and informed citizen , and so it is not a democracy that is in accord with the `` old-fashioned `` liberal-democratic theory of the constitution , but interest-group competition [gives] for a good working democratic system .

At best it provides us with a partial and intensely partisan perspective because it is keenly committed to the view from the top — to the view of those who are more in control than controlled , and who are , therefore , centrally concerned to secure political stability and sustain a particular pattern of economic relations based on the economic order of capitalism and the free market .
at best it [gives] us with a partial and intensely partisan perspective because it is keenly committed to the view from the top — to the view of those who are more in control than controlled , and who are , therefore , centrally concerned to secure political stability and sustain a particular pattern of economic relations based on the economic order of capitalism and the free market .

In dealing with the surface politics of the moment and with the politics of participation and satisfaction it tends to reproduce the bias of the system under scrutiny because it provides a description couched in terms set by the system itself .
in dealing with the surface politics of the moment and with the politics of participation and satisfaction it tends to reproduce the bias of the system under scrutiny because it [gives] a description couched in terms set by the system itself .

In the context of this chapter , however , it is particularly important to deal with the corporatist perspective on the politics of organised interests since it provides some kind of challenge to the pluralist perspective ( even though pluralism and corporatism share a number of basic assumptions ) , and it fleshes out elements of the left critique of pluralism ( even though much corporatist theory is hostile to a Marxist theory of the capitalist state ) .
in the context of this chapter , however , it is particularly important to deal with the corporatist perspective on the politics of organised interests since it [gives] some kind of challenge to the pluralist perspective ( even though pluralism and corporatism share a number of basic assumptions ) , and it fleshes out elements of the left critique of pluralism ( even though much corporatist theory is hostile to a marxist theory of the capitalist state ) .

3 In addition to providing for strong and responsible government it has been claimed that the system provides for moderate government because the two parties in a two-party system must strive to occupy the middle ground where the votes lie thickest and this obliges them to control their extremists who might dissuade the middling voters from giving their support .
3 in addition to providing for strong and responsible government it has been claimed that the system [gives] for moderate government because the two parties in a two-party system must strive to occupy the middle ground where the votes lie thickest and this obliges them to control their extremists who might dissuade the middling voters from giving their support .

3 They question the extent to which the system provides for representative governments noting not just the underrepresentation of third parties , but the fact that , in the elections of 1929 , 1951 , and February 1974 , the party which returned the largest number of MPs actually had a smaller share of the vote than the runner-up party in the Commons so that the electoral " winner " was , in fact , the governmental " loser " .
3 they question the extent to which the system [gives] for representative governments noting not just the underrepresentation of third parties , but the fact that , in the elections of 1929 , 1951 , and february 1974 , the party which returned the largest number of mps actually had a smaller share of the vote than the runner-up party in the commons so that the electoral " winner " was , in fact , the governmental " loser " .

This panel provides views about the issue to be forecast , each member working independently from hid or her colleagues .
this panel [gives] views about the issue to be forecast , each member working independently from hid or her colleagues .

‘ She Shook Me ’ provides relieve — literally — with Blood adopting the male perspective for a quick blow job on the common .
‘ she shook me ’ [gives] relieve — literally — with blood adopting the male perspective for a quick blow job on the common .

No great tunes or psychotic spiels — if burning your sister provides such little fuel maybe it 's time to reconsider the rest of the family 's future .
no great tunes or psychotic spiels — if burning your sister [gives] such little fuel maybe it 's time to reconsider the rest of the family 's future .

Over the port , some hint or tip is slipped in , deliberately or by accident , which provides the basis of a story .
over the port , some hint or tip is slipped in , deliberately or by accident , which [gives] the basis of a story .

The Group provides advice , training and research in local government administration .
the group [gives] advice , training and research in local government administration .

This part-time course , run jointly by the School of Psychology and Glenthorne Youth Treatment Centre , Birmingham , provides training for practitioners in the use of behaviour therapy .
this part-time course , run jointly by the school of psychology and glenthorne youth treatment centre , birmingham , [gives] training for practitioners in the use of behaviour therapy .

The scheme provides a pension on retirement linked to final pensionable pay near that time .
the scheme [gives] a pension on retirement linked to final pensionable pay near that time .

The new clause provides him with an opportunity to ensure that Scottish people are provided with a consultative committee of men and women who will look after the public 's interests and recommend to bus operators what they ought to do to improve services .
the new clause [gives] him with an opportunity to ensure that scottish people are provided with a consultative committee of men and women who will look after the public 's interests and recommend to bus operators what they ought to do to improve services .

The new clause , to which the Hon. Member addressed himself particularly , provides that there should be a new body called the Scottish bus passengers consultative committee , whose job would be to monitor the effects of the Bill on bus passengers in Scotland . The committee would make recommendations to bus operators
the new clause , to which the hon. member addressed himself particularly , [gives] that there should be a new body called the scottish bus passengers consultative committee , whose job would be to monitor the effects of the bill on bus passengers in scotland . the committee would make recommendations to bus operators

Solent Blue Line offers no proper facilities , such as canteens , for workers and they can not all crowd into a bus to take advantage of such facilities as it provides .
solent blue line offers no proper facilities , such as canteens , for workers and they can not all crowd into a bus to take advantage of such facilities as it [gives] .

In Roger 's words , lunch provides an opportunity in the middle of the day to exercise control over all the pupils in one group .
in roger 's words , lunch [gives] an opportunity in the middle of the day to exercise control over all the pupils in one group .

It provides for a sense of continuity and is not invasive of the pupils private and meaningful ‘ worldview ’ .
it [gives] for a sense of continuity and is not invasive of the pupils private and meaningful ‘ worldview ’ .

Lloyd-Smith ( 1984 ) provides a telling summary of the shortcomings of the ‘ displacement ’ model in his account of three ‘ Guidance Centres ’ established by a West Midlands Local Education Authority .
lloyd-smith ( 1984 ) [gives] a telling summary of the shortcomings of the ‘ displacement ’ model in his account of three ‘ guidance centres ’ established by a west midlands local education authority .

In addition , the number of people involved — usually as few as two , three or four adults with pupils at a ratio around 6 to 1 — provides a more manageable unit for change than special schools of at least twice that size .
in addition , the number of people involved — usually as few as two , three or four adults with pupils at a ratio around 6 to 1 — [gives] a more manageable unit for change than special schools of at least twice that size .

The following comment from a year head provides direct support for this pupil 's observations :
the following comment from a year head [gives] direct support for this pupil 's observations :

This makes much better sense than the General Electric list , because it places projected profitability as the major element of industrial attractiveness , rather than simply listing it as one of several factors , and provides a sound theoretical basis for determining it .
this makes much better sense than the general electric list , because it places projected profitability as the major element of industrial attractiveness , rather than simply listing it as one of several factors , and [gives] a sound theoretical basis for determining it .

With a spreadsheet set up on a personal computer , this requires very little time to calculate and provides a direct guide to strategies concerned with cost leadership .
with a spreadsheet set up on a personal computer , this requires very little time to calculate and [gives] a direct guide to strategies concerned with cost leadership .

Of course , the rival may fight back , but the point is not that this type of calculation ensures a successful barrier to entry , but that it provides a way of assessing what it will cost the rival to surmount the barrier to attain cost leadership .
of course , the rival may fight back , but the point is not that this type of calculation ensures a successful barrier to entry , but that it [gives] a way of assessing what it will cost the rival to surmount the barrier to attain cost leadership .

For example , Prowse ( 1986 ) provides a comparison of the cost of funds in Japan , West Germany , the United Kingdom and the United States .
for example , prowse ( 1986 ) [gives] a comparison of the cost of funds in japan , west germany , the united kingdom and the united states .

Weaver ( 1989 ) also provides some support for this view .
weaver ( 1989 ) also [gives] some support for this view .

Pascale ( 1984 ) provides an illuminating analysis of Honda 's success in penetrating Western motorcycle markets .
pascale ( 1984 ) [gives] an illuminating analysis of honda 's success in penetrating western motorcycle markets .

This institution now provides a mixture of non-advanced and advanced vocational courses as well as general courses and would therefore be more accurately described as a college of further and higher education .
this institution now [gives] a mixture of non-advanced and advanced vocational courses as well as general courses and would therefore be more accurately described as a college of further and higher education .

Lining provides essential protection for the main curtain fabric against exposure to sunlight , dust and dirt .
lining [gives] essential protection for the main curtain fabric against exposure to sunlight , dust and dirt .

One type of insulating lining has a coating of aluminium on the reverse side which not only provides protection from heat loss in winter but also prevents excessive heat build-up in a room during summer by deflecting the sun 's rays .
one type of insulating lining has a coating of aluminium on the reverse side which not only [gives] protection from heat loss in winter but also prevents excessive heat build-up in a room during summer by deflecting the sun 's rays .

Rothenbuhler 's experiments on the hygienic behaviour of bees provides a very clear example of the genetic control of behaviour .
rothenbuhler 's experiments on the hygienic behaviour of bees [gives] a very clear example of the genetic control of behaviour .

Chick pecking again provides an example , but this time from pecking food on the ground , not at a parent 's bill .
chick pecking again [gives] an example , but this time from pecking food on the ground , not at a parent 's bill .

The Atlantic spadefish provides evidence for one theory .
the atlantic spadefish [gives] evidence for one theory .

But more seriously , it provides only a partial solution to the problem .
but more seriously , it [gives] only a partial solution to the problem .

Discussing the prose poem — a form of literature which , as used by Jacob , provides one of the closest literary parallels to Cubist painting in that it embodies simultaneously actions or events normally separated by time and space , which are fused into formal , difficult but rational and understandable creations — Jacob warns the poet and artist against ‘ the too dazzling precious stones which attract the eye at the expense of the whole ’ , and adds ‘ The poem is a constructed object and not the display window of a jeweller 's shop .
discussing the prose poem — a form of literature which , as used by jacob , [gives] one of the closest literary parallels to cubist painting in that it embodies simultaneously actions or events normally separated by time and space , which are fused into formal , difficult but rational and understandable creations — jacob warns the poet and artist against ‘ the too dazzling precious stones which attract the eye at the expense of the whole ’ , and adds ‘ the poem is a constructed object and not the display window of a jeweller 's shop .

Nothing provides a better demonstration of this than the continued usage of the administrative-judicial dichotomy as a basis for determining the applicability of natural justice .
nothing [gives] a better demonstration of this than the continued usage of the administrative-judicial dichotomy as a basis for determining the applicability of natural justice .

The dichotomy between rights and privileges provides a clear example of this .
the dichotomy between rights and privileges [gives] a clear example of this .

The field of social welfare provides a second example of the theme under discussion .
the field of social welfare [gives] a second example of the theme under discussion .

The decision in Chief Constable of North Wales Police v. Evans provides an example of what may be required .
the decision in chief constable of north wales police v. evans [gives] an example of what may be required .

Statute provides an appeals procedure against deportation , the non renewal of residence permits and other types of restrictions .
statute [gives] an appeals procedure against deportation , the non renewal of residence permits and other types of restrictions .

The case law on judicial review provides little in the way of guidance on the question of whether a certain issue is one of law or fact .
the case law on judicial review [gives] little in the way of guidance on the question of whether a certain issue is one of law or fact .

The decision of the House of Lords in Anisminic provides a broad armoury for any later court .
the decision of the house of lords in anisminic [gives] a broad armoury for any later court .

Lord Wilberforce 's statement in Tameside , that the decision-maker should properly direct himself to the facts , provides a good example of one aspect of factual review which would allow the courts great latitude for substituting their view for that of the decision-maker .
lord wilberforce 's statement in tameside , that the decision-maker should properly direct himself to the facts , [gives] a good example of one aspect of factual review which would allow the courts great latitude for substituting their view for that of the decision-maker .

It provides a fragile mask for avoiding awkward questions .
it [gives] a fragile mask for avoiding awkward questions .

This type of person provides the creative thinking in a team , even if a concern for good ideas overshadows his ability to be sensitive to other people 's needs .
this type of person [gives] the creative thinking in a team , even if a concern for good ideas overshadows his ability to be sensitive to other people 's needs .

Whilst the first four roles provide the major inspiration and leadership , this role provides for implementation of ideas by the roleholders ' ability to translate general ideas and plans into practice .
whilst the first four roles provide the major inspiration and leadership , this role [gives] for implementation of ideas by the roleholders ' ability to translate general ideas and plans into practice .

This chapter provides a summary of the principal techniques which examiners could reasonably ask of candidates .
this chapter [gives] a summary of the principal techniques which examiners could reasonably ask of candidates .

These comprise a number of work-stations ( keyboards and screens ) connected to a central computer , which provides processing , storage and printing capabilities .
these comprise a number of work-stations ( keyboards and screens ) connected to a central computer , which [gives] processing , storage and printing capabilities .

Viewdata — this is somewhat similar to teletext in that it provides an up-to-date reference source on commercial matters .
viewdata — this is somewhat similar to teletext in that it [gives] an up-to-date reference source on commercial matters .

Where the product provides the basis for allocating work , there are advantages in having specialist sales representatives who can deal with technical as well as general queries ( eg as in computer sales ) .
where the product [gives] the basis for allocating work , there are advantages in having specialist sales representatives who can deal with technical as well as general queries ( eg as in computer sales ) .

The organization chart below illustrates the principal divisions of labour within the function and provides an example of the structural relationships between the different departments or sub-units .
the organization chart below illustrates the principal divisions of labour within the function and [gives] an example of the structural relationships between the different departments or sub-units .

It can be seen that the Woodward analysis of jobbing production corresponds to the description given in paragraph 3 above , but by giving each of the main types of jobbing production its own title , the Woodward analysis provides for a more accurate representation of the range of options .
it can be seen that the woodward analysis of jobbing production corresponds to the description given in paragraph 3 above , but by giving each of the main types of jobbing production its own title , the woodward analysis [gives] for a more accurate representation of the range of options .

Occupational exposure to radiation of both uranium miners and others serving the nuclear fuel cycle , and radiotherapy medical staff , provides additional evidence .
occupational exposure to radiation of both uranium miners and others serving the nuclear fuel cycle , and radiotherapy medical staff , [gives] additional evidence .

The civil service provides its staff with fewer incentives to encourage efficiency than in the private sector ( where bonus , commissions , ‘ perks ’ etc .
the civil service [gives] its staff with fewer incentives to encourage efficiency than in the private sector ( where bonus , commissions , ‘ perks ’ etc .

Figure 8.2 provides a summary of the present pattern of local government in England and Wales .
figure 8.2 [gives] a summary of the present pattern of local government in england and wales .

Because different communities have different needs , the system of government needs to be flexible ; local government allegedly provides this by enabling local councillors , drawn from and accountable to the local electorate , to determine local priorities .
because different communities have different needs , the system of government needs to be flexible ; local government allegedly [gives] this by enabling local councillors , drawn from and accountable to the local electorate , to determine local priorities .

Research volume 1 of the Widdicombe Report ( 1986 ) provides a wealth of information about the extent and nature of party policies in local government .
research volume 1 of the widdicombe report ( 1986 ) [gives] a wealth of information about the extent and nature of party policies in local government .

135–46 ) provides a useful quantification of roles , arguing that three broad categories are identifiable : ( i ) 75 per cent are mainly concerned with representing ward and constituents ' interests ; ( ii ) 5 per cent serve as general policymakers ; ( iii ) 20 per cent serve as policymakers in specific service areas .
135–46 ) [gives] a useful quantification of roles , arguing that three broad categories are identifiable : ( i ) 75 per cent are mainly concerned with representing ward and constituents ' interests ; ( ii ) 5 per cent serve as general policymakers ; ( iii ) 20 per cent serve as policymakers in specific service areas .

The professionalism of officers provides a level of technical expertise which councillors frequently lack .
the professionalism of officers [gives] a level of technical expertise which councillors frequently lack .

To avoid the prospect of local authorities , whose rate fund becomes overdrawn within a year , from ‘ going bankrupt ’ , the Act provides that authorities concerned may be given permission to borrow temporarily on revenue account , but only on such terms as the Secretary of State may impose .
to avoid the prospect of local authorities , whose rate fund becomes overdrawn within a year , from ‘ going bankrupt ’ , the act [gives] that authorities concerned may be given permission to borrow temporarily on revenue account , but only on such terms as the secretary of state may impose .

In her study of Lambeth , Cockburn ( 1977 ) provides one of the best known examples of this perspective which assumes that local government is simply one arm of the capitalist state , providing the conditions for continued capital accumulation and the maintenance of social order .
in her study of lambeth , cockburn ( 1977 ) [gives] one of the best known examples of this perspective which assumes that local government is simply one arm of the capitalist state , providing the conditions for continued capital accumulation and the maintenance of social order .

Although essentially concerned with adapting centrally determined policy to local circumstances , and interfacing with relevant consumers , the professional expertise embedded in such bodies nevertheless provides opportunities to shape decision-making in some areas of public policy .
although essentially concerned with adapting centrally determined policy to local circumstances , and interfacing with relevant consumers , the professional expertise embedded in such bodies nevertheless [gives] opportunities to shape decision-making in some areas of public policy .

Poulantzas ' own position was to argue for the development of a Marxist , structuralist account which provides for the state to have only a relative autonomy and never a true autonomy .
poulantzas ' own position was to argue for the development of a marxist , structuralist account which [gives] for the state to have only a relative autonomy and never a true autonomy .

But the emergence of new interests , capacities and forces within the majority provides dynamism in the political system and stimulates the circulation of elites from the majority to the ruling class , and vice versa , whether as individuals , as groups or as entire elites .
but the emergence of new interests , capacities and forces within the majority [gives] dynamism in the political system and stimulates the circulation of elites from the majority to the ruling class , and vice versa , whether as individuals , as groups or as entire elites .

One important objection made against this method is that even at its best it provides evidence not of the actual exercise of power but of potential power , and presumed potential power at that .
one important objection made against this method is that even at its best it [gives] evidence not of the actual exercise of power but of potential power , and presumed potential power at that .

At its best , pluralist-orientated research provides us with an idealised description , in this case of the backward region , which puts certain features in very high relief ; in Banfield 's study , these features are mainly related to individual attitudes .
at its best , pluralist-orientated research [gives] us with an idealised description , in this case of the backward region , which puts certain features in very high relief ; in banfield 's study , these features are mainly related to individual attitudes .

But whereas the other approaches relapse into pessimism in the face of these permanent blots on their theories , the elitist line of argument is much more hopeful , largely because of its emphasis on the ways in which interaction between key elites provides room for manoeuvre for peripheral actors .
but whereas the other approaches relapse into pessimism in the face of these permanent blots on their theories , the elitist line of argument is much more hopeful , largely because of its emphasis on the ways in which interaction between key elites [gives] room for manoeuvre for peripheral actors .

Anything that alters the rewarding or punishing effect of the learning task ( if you are less hungry , thirsty or fearful , you are less likely to work hard to learn a task which provides food , drink or avoidance of electric shock as a prize for success ) will also affect the study of learning and memory .
anything that alters the rewarding or punishing effect of the learning task ( if you are less hungry , thirsty or fearful , you are less likely to work hard to learn a task which [gives] food , drink or avoidance of electric shock as a prize for success ) will also affect the study of learning and memory .

The warm , permanently damp clay provides a localized substrate where microorganisms and moss mats flourish ( Broady et al .
the warm , permanently damp clay [gives] a localized substrate where microorganisms and moss mats flourish ( broady et al .

For the north see for example Polunin ( 1951 ) , Young ( 1971 ) and Bliss ( 1981 ) ; Bliss ( 1981–9 ) provides a table of comparison between eight published biogeographical systems .
for the north see for example polunin ( 1951 ) , young ( 1971 ) and bliss ( 1981 ) ; bliss ( 1981–9 ) [gives] a table of comparison between eight published biogeographical systems .

Though water is solid for much of the year , the annual thaw in spring and summer provides a wide range of aquatic habitats that support biological activity , and may even allow high productivity for a few weeks each year .
though water is solid for much of the year , the annual thaw in spring and summer [gives] a wide range of aquatic habitats that support biological activity , and may even allow high productivity for a few weeks each year .

Over much of the Arctic , surface drainage is poor ; permafrost seals the subsoil , and snow-melt provides a flush of water in late spring .
over much of the arctic , surface drainage is poor ; permafrost seals the subsoil , and snow-melt [gives] a flush of water in late spring .

On melting in spring the ice provides a thin layer of low salinity at the surface , and often an already-flourishing community of algae , which waves and wind-stirring soon disperse .
on melting in spring the ice [gives] a thin layer of low salinity at the surface , and often an already-flourishing community of algae , which waves and wind-stirring soon disperse .

and several other genera follow the sun , focusing its rays at their centre ; this provides a warm spot attractive to pollinating insects , and raises the temperature of maturing anthers and ovaries .
and several other genera follow the sun , focusing its rays at their centre ; this [gives] a warm spot attractive to pollinating insects , and raises the temperature of maturing anthers and ovaries .

It provides also for management of resources outside the EEZs , both high-seas fish stocks and the resources of the sea bed ; the latter it declares to be ‘ the common heritage of mankind ’ and places it under the control of an International Sea-bed Authority .
it [gives] also for management of resources outside the eezs , both high-seas fish stocks and the resources of the sea bed ; the latter it declares to be ‘ the common heritage of mankind ’ and places it under the control of an international sea-bed authority .

However , not all teachers found curriculum-specific organization easy to implement or operate , and it provides a good example of a practice commended in the name of ‘ flexibility ’ which makes the work of some teachers less , rather than more , flexible ( a tension which emerges in research elsewhere — Alexander 1988 ) .
however , not all teachers found curriculum-specific organization easy to implement or operate , and it [gives] a good example of a practice commended in the name of ‘ flexibility ’ which makes the work of some teachers less , rather than more , flexible ( a tension which emerges in research elsewhere — alexander 1988 ) .

The worker also attends weekly meetings with a supervisor who provides help and support , records details of the teaching programmes , writes reports , and helps the family with problems involving contact with other agencies .
the worker also attends weekly meetings with a supervisor who [gives] help and support , records details of the teaching programmes , writes reports , and helps the family with problems involving contact with other agencies .

First , though heads are indeed crucial to the character of a school and the quality of the education it provides , they can never be held entirely to blame if these prove unsatisfactory .
first , though heads are indeed crucial to the character of a school and the quality of the education it [gives] , they can never be held entirely to blame if these prove unsatisfactory .

Contrary to popular belief , income tax provides only just over a quarter of all tax revenue .
contrary to popular belief , income tax [gives] only just over a quarter of all tax revenue .

Running through much of the public debate on voluntary organisations , and not entirely absent from the Wolfenden Report , is the confusion between a non-statutory organisation that provides services and can have significant or even total support from state funds , and the notion of voluntary donations of time or money , which are not exclusively given to non-statutory bodies .
running through much of the public debate on voluntary organisations , and not entirely absent from the wolfenden report , is the confusion between a non-statutory organisation that [gives] services and can have significant or even total support from state funds , and the notion of voluntary donations of time or money , which are not exclusively given to non-statutory bodies .

Fort Augustus offers two things worth relishing : that its canal provides a waterway down to Loch Oich and Loch Lochy and into Loch Linnhe and therefore out to sea and to Mull and Manhattan and Newfoundland .
fort augustus offers two things worth relishing : that its canal [gives] a waterway down to loch oich and loch lochy and into loch linnhe and therefore out to sea and to mull and manhattan and newfoundland .

The notion of police audiences provides a useful basis on which to explain why this policy was adopted .
the notion of police audiences [gives] a useful basis on which to explain why this policy was adopted .

As such , they help to complement and enhance our understanding of strike violence ; though , as the Orgreave case study demonstrates , the flashpoints model provides an adequate general basis for analysing picket-line disorder .
as such , they help to complement and enhance our understanding of strike violence ; though , as the orgreave case study demonstrates , the flashpoints model [gives] an adequate general basis for analysing picket-line disorder .

This distinction provides a useful basis for a review and evaluation of specific theoretical approaches to football hooliganism .
this distinction [gives] a useful basis for a review and evaluation of specific theoretical approaches to football hooliganism .

Roadburg ( 1980 ) provides a checklist of the key historical , ecological and social factors distinguishing British soccer as a spectator sport from its American counterpart .
roadburg ( 1980 ) [gives] a checklist of the key historical , ecological and social factors distinguishing british soccer as a spectator sport from its american counterpart .

Dunning 's and his co-workers ' ( 1984 ) historical survey of Football Association minutes and reports contained in the Leicester Mercury also provides evidence of pitch invasions and other forms of crowd disorder as early as the 1890s .
dunning 's and his co-workers ' ( 1984 ) historical survey of football association minutes and reports contained in the leicester mercury also [gives] evidence of pitch invasions and other forms of crowd disorder as early as the 1890s .

According to Marsh and his colleagues ( 1978 ) police intervention is often welcomed by the hooligans in so far as their presence provides a safety valve and prevents the aggro from going too far .
according to marsh and his colleagues ( 1978 ) police intervention is often welcomed by the hooligans in so far as their presence [gives] a safety valve and prevents the aggro from going too far .

Given the large crowds , moreover , professional soccer provides a context where it is relatively easy to escape detection and arrest , and last but not least , a group of outsiders , the opposing team and its fans , comes regularly into the home territory where they are perceived as invaders and targets for attack .
given the large crowds , moreover , professional soccer [gives] a context where it is relatively easy to escape detection and arrest , and last but not least , a group of outsiders , the opposing team and its fans , comes regularly into the home territory where they are perceived as invaders and targets for attack .

Holt is not surprised that many football hooligans come , not from lower-working-class housing estates , but from the affluent suburbs and new towns away from the major conurbations : ‘ When a group have lost their old territory in which their traditions were established , football provides a symbolic substitute for the young in the heart of the old community ’ ( ibid.:339 ) .
holt is not surprised that many football hooligans come , not from lower-working-class housing estates , but from the affluent suburbs and new towns away from the major conurbations : ‘ when a group have lost their old territory in which their traditions were established , football [gives] a symbolic substitute for the young in the heart of the old community ’ ( ibid.:339 ) .

Membership of fighting crews provides a ‘ surrogate community ’ and offers a career structure for earning status and esteem .
membership of fighting crews [gives] a ‘ surrogate community ’ and offers a career structure for earning status and esteem .

The police complaints procedure provides a formal mechanism for citizens to lodge complaints about instances of police misconduct .
the police complaints procedure [gives] a formal mechanism for citizens to lodge complaints about instances of police misconduct .

When the writer provides two different endings to his novel ( why two ?
when the writer [gives] two different endings to his novel ( why two ?

It provides paradigms of action and role models through which we interpret ‘ real life ’ .
it [gives] paradigms of action and role models through which we interpret ‘ real life ’ .

Metaphor operates in her fiction as a structural principle ; it provides the means of bringing two or more disparate fields of knowledge into a relation which organizes thoughts and events .
metaphor operates in her fiction as a structural principle ; it [gives] the means of bringing two or more disparate fields of knowledge into a relation which organizes thoughts and events .

The recent trend toward cognitive approaches to metaphor provides a means of formalizing such a conception .
the recent trend toward cognitive approaches to metaphor [gives] a means of formalizing such a conception .

Aetiology as the philosophical investigation of causality and aetiology as the study of the origin of diseases provides a link between philosophy and physiology .
aetiology as the philosophical investigation of causality and aetiology as the study of the origin of diseases [gives] a link between philosophy and physiology .

Schizophrenic speech provides a metaphor for metaphor , and it is in this sense that its use in Out may be understood , not as a valorization of the psychotic condition but as a literalization of the figure .
schizophrenic speech [gives] a metaphor for metaphor , and it is in this sense that its use in out may be understood , not as a valorization of the psychotic condition but as a literalization of the figure .

This unusual situation provides a motivation for bringing together the extreme poles of our everyday understanding of space and time : the most outer and the most inner , the first and the last .
this unusual situation [gives] a motivation for bringing together the extreme poles of our everyday understanding of space and time : the most outer and the most inner , the first and the last .

Psychological alienation provides Such with a narrative pretext for bringing the theories of post-Einsteinian science to bear on the way we conceive of ourselves as individuals in relation to other people .
psychological alienation [gives] such with a narrative pretext for bringing the theories of post-einsteinian science to bear on the way we conceive of ourselves as individuals in relation to other people .

In the traditional realist novel the plot provides a principle of organization , while symbolic structures are fitted in around this frame .
in the traditional realist novel the plot [gives] a principle of organization , while symbolic structures are fitted in around this frame .

The ‘ fraternization ’ of disparate discourses provides a point of transfer between narrative compartments and metaphoric networks that are logically , temporally , or thematically distant .
the ‘ fraternization ’ of disparate discourses [gives] a point of transfer between narrative compartments and metaphoric networks that are logically , temporally , or thematically distant .

This calls into question the concept of ‘ ontological recognition ’ which provides , according to one speaker whose paper the protagonist translates , a means for the individual of achieving reintegration and ‘ totality ’ ( 112/506 ) .
this calls into question the concept of ‘ ontological recognition ’ which [gives] , according to one speaker whose paper the protagonist translates , a means for the individual of achieving reintegration and ‘ totality ’ ( 112/506 ) .

The latter become the ‘ mensonge vital ’ of fantasy and fiction that provides her with a means of coping in a hostile world .
the latter become the ‘ mensonge vital ’ of fantasy and fiction that [gives] her with a means of coping in a hostile world .

The radical ‘ para ’ found in both ‘ paradox ’ and ‘ parody ’ provides a spatial model for a variety of techniques displayed in the novels .
the radical ‘ para ’ found in both ‘ paradox ’ and ‘ parody ’ [gives] a spatial model for a variety of techniques displayed in the novels .

The liminal position of the female voice with regard to the texts she translates provides an illustration of this ‘ female ’ tendency to undermine distinctions .
the liminal position of the female voice with regard to the texts she translates [gives] an illustration of this ‘ female ’ tendency to undermine distinctions .

For Jonathan Culler , the pun provides a demonstration of language 's inherent instability , mutability , and susceptibility to spurious motivation based on chance phonemic associations .
for jonathan culler , the pun [gives] a demonstration of language 's inherent instability , mutability , and susceptibility to spurious motivation based on chance phonemic associations .

Like narratology , cybernetics takes linguistics as its model discourse , and the analogy between narrative and programming provides the underlying conceit of the novel .
like narratology , cybernetics takes linguistics as its model discourse , and the analogy between narrative and programming [gives] the underlying conceit of the novel .

Drug profits have also been affected by provisions in the Drug Trafficking Offences Act 1986 ( Section 24 ) , which makes assisting drug trafficking an offence , and also provides immunity from breach of contract where it is disclosed to the police that funds or investments are derived from drug trafficking .
drug profits have also been affected by provisions in the drug trafficking offences act 1986 ( section 24 ) , which makes assisting drug trafficking an offence , and also [gives] immunity from breach of contract where it is disclosed to the police that funds or investments are derived from drug trafficking .

It provides for the construction of 24 new prisons and , with extensions to existing prisons , for the provision of over 21,000 extra prison places by 1995 .
it [gives] for the construction of 24 new prisons and , with extensions to existing prisons , for the provision of over 21,000 extra prison places by 1995 .

While this survey is an invaluable tool when you are weighing up the pros and cons of each lender , it provides no guarantee that the lenders who have performed well will continue to do so .
while this survey is an invaluable tool when you are weighing up the pros and cons of each lender , it [gives] no guarantee that the lenders who have performed well will continue to do so .

Most lenders ' discounts are for a limited period only , after which you will revert to paying the standard rate — this table provides a guide to lenders ' competitiveness , which should be taken into account when making your mortgage choice .
most lenders ' discounts are for a limited period only , after which you will revert to paying the standard rate — this table [gives] a guide to lenders ' competitiveness , which should be taken into account when making your mortgage choice .

The book contains chapters such as ‘ Playing a round with nature ’ ( presumably it plays off scratch ) , as well as a roll call of courses which have worked with the environment in their design and management , namely Royal Troon , Royal St. David 's ( in Harlech ) , Tenby , Lindrick ( in South Yorkshire ) , Gleneagles ( which provides a habitat for , amongst others , kestrels , partridges , pheasants and roe deer ) , Luffenham Heath , Sundridge Park , Royal Birkdale , Woodhall Spa and Western Gailes .
the book contains chapters such as ‘ playing a round with nature ’ ( presumably it plays off scratch ) , as well as a roll call of courses which have worked with the environment in their design and management , namely royal troon , royal st. david 's ( in harlech ) , tenby , lindrick ( in south yorkshire ) , gleneagles ( which [gives] a habitat for , amongst others , kestrels , partridges , pheasants and roe deer ) , luffenham heath , sundridge park , royal birkdale , woodhall spa and western gailes .

It 's a fact that just one of their rusks provides at least 15 per cent of a baby 's recommended daily intake of vitamins and minerals .
it 's a fact that just one of their rusks [gives] at least 15 per cent of a baby 's recommended daily intake of vitamins and minerals .

The hotel provides an assortment of highchairs suitable for different ages and plump cushions for those who ca n't quite reach the table , which was set with child-sized cutlery and crockery .
the hotel [gives] an assortment of highchairs suitable for different ages and plump cushions for those who ca n't quite reach the table , which was set with child-sized cutlery and crockery .

The Lifestyle Network provides a value for money platform from which to launch direct advertising campaigns , and provides the basis for sound investment in marketing as a means of overcoming the economic recession .
the lifestyle network [gives] a value for money platform from which to launch direct advertising campaigns , and [gives] the basis for sound investment in marketing as a means of overcoming the economic recession .

Mr Rees elaborated : ‘ We are being expected to agree to an omnibus distribution method under which the monthly creditor might be repaid more quickly than the contract provides , whilst the weekly creditor is repaid by instalments only a fraction of those shown in the contract .
mr rees elaborated : ‘ we are being expected to agree to an omnibus distribution method under which the monthly creditor might be repaid more quickly than the contract [gives] , whilst the weekly creditor is repaid by instalments only a fraction of those shown in the contract .

Computer scoring provides management with much control , in the forms of various types of scoring and degrees of calibration .
computer scoring [gives] management with much control , in the forms of various types of scoring and degrees of calibration .

This process provides the manufacturer with more of a profit because the bacon soaks up the salt and water which increases its weight .
this process [gives] the manufacturer with more of a profit because the bacon soaks up the salt and water which increases its weight .

In 1981 the Conservative government introduced the Assisted Places Scheme which provides help with tuition fees and certain other incidental expenses .
in 1981 the conservative government introduced the assisted places scheme which [gives] help with tuition fees and certain other incidental expenses .

Industry provides funds in a variety of ways : financing doctoral or post-doctoral fellowships , contracting research or entering into joint research agreements , setting up business in one of the increasing number of science parks , funding lectureships and professorships , the provision of equipment .
industry [gives] funds in a variety of ways : financing doctoral or post-doctoral fellowships , contracting research or entering into joint research agreements , setting up business in one of the increasing number of science parks , funding lectureships and professorships , the provision of equipment .

Mary Warnock provides a scathing analysis of the government 's attitude to higher education when she writes of the contempt that the government has for universities and their staff :
mary warnock [gives] a scathing analysis of the government 's attitude to higher education when she writes of the contempt that the government has for universities and their staff :

The national curriculum puts considerable power in the hands of the Secretary of State and provides a good example of centralisation .
the national curriculum puts considerable power in the hands of the secretary of state and [gives] a good example of centralisation .

The Unit also provides additional resources for housing investment in local authority estates where large numbers of houses remain empty because of insufficient funds for renovation .
the unit also [gives] additional resources for housing investment in local authority estates where large numbers of houses remain empty because of insufficient funds for renovation .

The range used for cooking also provides heat : an oil lamp provides light .
the range used for cooking also [gives] heat : an oil lamp [gives] light .

It provides the power to drive the chain of buckets each of which can lift 7 cwt ( 356 Kg ) of silt .
it [gives] the power to drive the chain of buckets each of which can lift 7 cwt ( 356 kg ) of silt .

Adding great architectural style , the conservatory also provides a wealth of extra colour and light at the back of he house .
adding great architectural style , the conservatory also [gives] a wealth of extra colour and light at the back of he house .

If it 's comfort you 're after , a padded design is the ultimate in luxury while woven cane also provides gentle support .
if it 's comfort you 're after , a padded design is the ultimate in luxury while woven cane also [gives] gentle support .

The briefing sheet also provides help in interpreting the data .
the briefing sheet also [gives] help in interpreting the data .

The book provides wonderful inspiration for gifts as well as practical household tips for using flowers and herbs in your own home .
the book [gives] wonderful inspiration for gifts as well as practical household tips for using flowers and herbs in your own home .

The surrounding borders are mulched with Cocoa Shell , which provides nourishment , conserves moisture and suppresses germinating weeds . Approved by the Soil Association , Cocoa Shell is available from leading garden centres and marketed by Sunshine of Africa ,
the surrounding borders are mulched with cocoa shell , which [gives] nourishment , conserves moisture and suppresses germinating weeds . approved by the soil association , cocoa shell is available from leading garden centres and marketed by sunshine of africa ,

The answer is no , but the high-backed boot has certainly helped everyone ski the powder because it provides that little tweak of leverage that helps pull the tips of your skis up .
the answer is no , but the high-backed boot has certainly helped everyone ski the powder because it [gives] that little tweak of leverage that helps pull the tips of your skis up .

Gentle swimming provides a more active relaxation .
gentle swimming [gives] a more active relaxation .

It is often associated with designers who prefer obliterating qualities , and flat , even colour which it provides .
it is often associated with designers who prefer obliterating qualities , and flat , even colour which it [gives] .

In Spring , the ‘ maple syrup ’ season , a lumberjack breakfast provides a perfect start to the day and the quality of light in late September ignites the spectacular scenery into a glorious climax of multi-hued ‘ Fall ’ colour .
in spring , the ‘ maple syrup ’ season , a lumberjack breakfast [gives] a perfect start to the day and the quality of light in late september ignites the spectacular scenery into a glorious climax of multi-hued ‘ fall ’ colour .

More information is now available to help you know more about the services your doctor provides .
more information is now available to help you know more about the services your doctor [gives] .

Family Practitioner Committees ( FPCs ) — which run the family doctor service — now produce directories of local family doctors giving information about each doctor and the service the practice provides .
family practitioner committees ( fpcs ) — which run the family doctor service — now produce directories of local family doctors giving information about each doctor and the service the practice [gives] .

One provides hot foot — at a gentle pace from a cliff top site with lovely views .
one [gives] hot foot — at a gentle pace from a cliff top site with lovely views .

The other provides amazingly quick service — from an incomplete concrete house frame in a backstreet .
the other [gives] amazingly quick service — from an incomplete concrete house frame in a backstreet .

Each provides a wide choice of sailing and non-sailing activities .
each [gives] a wide choice of sailing and non-sailing activities .

The hotel bar , close to the sailing action , provides cool drinks throughout the day , pre-dinner cocktails , after dinner coffee and late night drinks too .
the hotel bar , close to the sailing action , [gives] cool drinks throughout the day , pre-dinner cocktails , after dinner coffee and late night drinks too .

More important , the ‘ Meltemi ’ , a consistent and strong high season wind from the north west , provides great excitement for sailor and windsurfer alike from June to mid September .
more important , the ‘ meltemi ’ , a consistent and strong high season wind from the north west , [gives] great excitement for sailor and windsurfer alike from june to mid september .

Sardinia provides strong winds in early and late season .
sardinia [gives] strong winds in early and late season .

This is a scheme introduced by the Government and operated by the Council which provides help with Community Charge bills .
this is a scheme introduced by the government and operated by the council which [gives] help with community charge bills .

Syspas Ltd provides computerised systems , built around the models described here , to a large number of clients .
syspas ltd [gives] computerised systems , built around the models described here , to a large number of clients .

Whereas the Z-Score approach provides an important input to the credit manager 's judgement , it should not be used simply as a tool for avoiding risky customers , but more creatively .
whereas the z-score approach [gives] an important input to the credit manager 's judgement , it should not be used simply as a tool for avoiding risky customers , but more creatively .

Commercial Payment Profile provides details on individual loan commitments , the type of loan agreement held , the start data and the monthly payment status .
commercial payment profile [gives] details on individual loan commitments , the type of loan agreement held , the start data and the monthly payment status .

Report line provides on-line access to hard copies of any document registered at Companies House as well as Infolink 's own in-depth Company Status Reports .
report line [gives] on-line access to hard copies of any document registered at companies house as well as infolink 's own in-depth company status reports .

The path to Slieve Donard provides one of the main access routes into the Mourne Mountains and the Trust now faces the challenge of dealing with footpath erosion , particularly on the steeper slopes .
the path to slieve donard [gives] one of the main access routes into the mourne mountains and the trust now faces the challenge of dealing with footpath erosion , particularly on the steeper slopes .

My collection of over 2,000 cards , many of National Trust gardens , provides a useful historical record of how gardens have changed over the years in terms of layout and planting .
my collection of over 2,000 cards , many of national trust gardens , [gives] a useful historical record of how gardens have changed over the years in terms of layout and planting .

It paid off , for Sattareh provides an accomplished portrait of a childhood enriched by nightingales and bazaars , politics and family romances .
it paid off , for sattareh [gives] an accomplished portrait of a childhood enriched by nightingales and bazaars , politics and family romances .

The labour ward provides user-friendly notes for pregnant women , arising out of discussions with patients .
the labour ward [gives] user-friendly notes for pregnant women , arising out of discussions with patients .

The Elizabeth FitzRoy Trust provides small family homes for the mentally handicapped ; it also organises special holidays for the physically handicapped .
the elizabeth fitzroy trust [gives] small family homes for the mentally handicapped ; it also organises special holidays for the physically handicapped .

The nearby town of Saint Germain-en-Laye provides an extraordinary contrast .
the nearby town of saint germain-en-laye [gives] an extraordinary contrast .

Seven Spirit Bay is a unique development based on ecological criteria : it fits into the habitat and provides the Aborigines with a living without destroying their lifestyle .
seven spirit bay is a unique development based on ecological criteria : it fits into the habitat and [gives] the aborigines with a living without destroying their lifestyle .

Here you will also find other non-ferrous metals , such as copper and brass , if the harbour provides a safe haven for a flotilla of small boats .
here you will also find other non-ferrous metals , such as copper and brass , if the harbour [gives] a safe haven for a flotilla of small boats .

He provides what amounts to a site guide for any seeker equipped with a good discriminating detector and a 1:25,000 Ordnance Survey map .
he [gives] what amounts to a site guide for any seeker equipped with a good discriminating detector and a 1:25,000 ordnance survey map .

This provides easy access for the public to the historic Roslin Glen .
this [gives] easy access for the public to the historic roslin glen .

It provides one of Scotland 's classic hillwalks with a popular route starting from the end of the ski road running from Loch Morlich .
it [gives] one of scotland 's classic hillwalks with a popular route starting from the end of the ski road running from loch morlich .

The village provides resources undreamed of in Camden Town .
the village [gives] resources undreamed of in camden town .

But Osred provides a useful example of a king who could be sharply criticized for character defects in some Northumbrian circles though remembered as a generous patron of an ecclesiastical community in others ( see below , p. 147 ) .
but osred [gives] a useful example of a king who could be sharply criticized for character defects in some northumbrian circles though remembered as a generous patron of an ecclesiastical community in others ( see below , p. 147 ) .

Historical precedents of major change can well be illustrated from Britain itself , where the whole geographical pattern of the Industrial Revolution provides ample evidence of radical geographical evolution .
historical precedents of major change can well be illustrated from britain itself , where the whole geographical pattern of the industrial revolution [gives] ample evidence of radical geographical evolution .

The core group is required to be functionally flexible ; the numerical flexibility secured from the use of peripheral groups provides the core group with employment security as the basis of their functional flexibility in the face of change .
the core group is required to be functionally flexible ; the numerical flexibility secured from the use of peripheral groups [gives] the core group with employment security as the basis of their functional flexibility in the face of change .

Moreover , a substantial proportion of the council housing built on low-density suburban estates in the inter-war period has now been incorporated into the owner-occupied sector and no longer provides a route for lower-income households wanting to move into the suburbs .
moreover , a substantial proportion of the council housing built on low-density suburban estates in the inter-war period has now been incorporated into the owner-occupied sector and no longer [gives] a route for lower-income households wanting to move into the suburbs .

The growing market in visual pornography , with the improvement of photographic techniques , provides the most striking illustration of the way male sexuality was being socially shaped .
the growing market in visual pornography , with the improvement of photographic techniques , [gives] the most striking illustration of the way male sexuality was being socially shaped .

Although each version is intended to serve pedagogical needs , neither one provides a pedagogically-based rationale for the selection of themes that it proposes .
although each version is intended to serve pedagogical needs , neither one [gives] a pedagogically-based rationale for the selection of themes that it proposes .

At a later stage the ease with which text can be manipulated provides learners with a powerful tool for thinking .
at a later stage the ease with which text can be manipulated [gives] learners with a powerful tool for thinking .

The word-processor provides the teacher with a powerful resource with which to explore the body of experience or learning that waits to be arranged through the successful use of language .
the word-processor [gives] the teacher with a powerful resource with which to explore the body of experience or learning that waits to be arranged through the successful use of language .

Since there is at present only a small pool of people with experience in this area the use of practitioners as trainers provides an element of ‘ training the trainers ’ in the course team .
since there is at present only a small pool of people with experience in this area the use of practitioners as trainers [gives] an element of ‘ training the trainers ’ in the course team .

This session provides an opportunity to learn about forms and styles of education in different cultures , to examine the relationship between developing study skills and general language learning and to make practical suggestions which will help students to develop skills that are needed for studying within the British educational system .
this session [gives] an opportunity to learn about forms and styles of education in different cultures , to examine the relationship between developing study skills and general language learning and to make practical suggestions which will help students to develop skills that are needed for studying within the british educational system .

The literature of the time provides ample evidence of a dramatic shift in public attitudes .
the literature of the time [gives] ample evidence of a dramatic shift in public attitudes .

Darwin 's theory provides a classic example of how difficult it is to draw a sharp distinction between ‘ natural history ’ and ‘ biology ’ : the process of evolution must of necessity mediate between the reproductive process that maintains the population and the environment to which the population must adapt .
darwin 's theory [gives] a classic example of how difficult it is to draw a sharp distinction between ‘ natural history ’ and ‘ biology ’ : the process of evolution must of necessity mediate between the reproductive process that maintains the population and the environment to which the population must adapt .

It had long been recognized that many species are protected from predators by colouring that provides camouflage .
it had long been recognized that many species are protected from predators by colouring that [gives] camouflage .

This arrangement unfortunately presents a potential for extremely rapid fire growth and provides large surface areas of fuel high above ground level with , in some cases , none other than fixed , pre-positioned means by which a fire fighting strike is possible .
this arrangement unfortunately presents a potential for extremely rapid fire growth and [gives] large surface areas of fuel high above ground level with , in some cases , none other than fixed , pre-positioned means by which a fire fighting strike is possible .

The presence of different styles of thinking , being brought together and being compelled to intermesh , provides the basis for even further innovations in thought and action .
the presence of different styles of thinking , being brought together and being compelled to intermesh , [gives] the basis for even further innovations in thought and action .

In turn , this continuing dialogue with oneself provides the basis for self-transcendence , for the development of the self , such that entirely new possibilities of thought and action are opened up .
in turn , this continuing dialogue with oneself [gives] the basis for self-transcendence , for the development of the self , such that entirely new possibilities of thought and action are opened up .

Is it considered legitimate for members of a discipline to reflect critically on the discipline which provides them with their intellectual identity and status ?
is it considered legitimate for members of a discipline to reflect critically on the discipline which [gives] them with their intellectual identity and status ?

It is on the fringes of higher education , through its contribution to research , which provides an educational resource for students .
it is on the fringes of higher education , through its contribution to research , which [gives] an educational resource for students .

But , for many people all that will ever be needed is a program which provides word processing with the capability to get decent quality print out of a page printer .
but , for many people all that will ever be needed is a program which [gives] word processing with the capability to get decent quality print out of a page printer .

Large amounts of text can be set in 10pt type on 11pt leading ( leading is the amount od space between the lines ) and this provides a nice balance for most situations .
large amounts of text can be set in 10pt type on 11pt leading ( leading is the amount od space between the lines ) and this [gives] a nice balance for most situations .

Do n't be afraid of using a code-driven package if this provides the fine control you need .
do n't be afraid of using a code-driven package if this [gives] the fine control you need .

The signal detected by the grids is compared with a reference signal and provides a direct measure of the x , y position of the stylus .
the signal detected by the grids is compared with a reference signal and [gives] a direct measure of the x , y position of the stylus .

The signal detected by the grids is compared with a reference signal and provides a direct measure of the x , y position of the stylus .
the signal detected by the grids is compared with a reference signal and [gives] a direct measure of the x , y position of the stylus .

The font supplier provides one font for the screen so that the user will be able to see the type as it will appear and a second font for the printer .
the font supplier [gives] one font for the screen so that the user will be able to see the type as it will appear and a second font for the printer .

a special kind of scanner which provides a means of reading printed characters on documents and converting them into digital codes that can be read into a computer as actual text rather than just a picture .
a special kind of scanner which [gives] a means of reading printed characters on documents and converting them into digital codes that can be read into a computer as actual text rather than just a picture .

Overprinting is another option that the program provides .
overprinting is another option that the program [gives] .

As an aid to training both the new and upgrade user , Adobe have repeated their inclusion of a video which both demonstrates features and provides a basic tutorial .
as an aid to training both the new and upgrade user , adobe have repeated their inclusion of a video which both demonstrates features and [gives] a basic tutorial .

Just as PageMaker provides almost infinite control over each element of each page so Ventura looks after the complete document .
just as pagemaker [gives] almost infinite control over each element of each page so ventura looks after the complete document .

Whilst running text round graphics has always been possible , although labour intensive , Version 3.0 provides one of the neatest systems yet implemented on any package .
whilst running text round graphics has always been possible , although labour intensive , version 3.0 [gives] one of the neatest systems yet implemented on any package .

These can now be matched against the various product on the market to see which provides a viable solution .
these can now be matched against the various product on the market to see which [gives] a viable solution .

However , the emphasis on structural constraints and formal controls provides only a partial view .
however , the emphasis on structural constraints and formal controls [gives] only a partial view .

Trade union organisation provides a very important basis of opposition , preventing any single group of workers from being isolated .
trade union organisation [gives] a very important basis of opposition , preventing any single group of workers from being isolated .

Conversely , while a trade union provides the basis for claiming legitimacy of action , official industrial disputes may still not actually enjoy widespread legitimacy .
conversely , while a trade union [gives] the basis for claiming legitimacy of action , official industrial disputes may still not actually enjoy widespread legitimacy .

Pettigrew 's ( 1973 ) study of the implementation of a computer network in a large retailing firm provides a good example of group solidarity amongst employed professionals .
pettigrew 's ( 1973 ) study of the implementation of a computer network in a large retailing firm [gives] a good example of group solidarity amongst employed professionals .

This provides the focus for pride , self-esteem and a certain mystique attached to strength ( and particularly masculinity , which , on the debit side , helps to perpetuate sexist attitudes at work and at home ) ; ie ‘ the lads ’ culture .
this [gives] the focus for pride , self-esteem and a certain mystique attached to strength ( and particularly masculinity , which , on the debit side , helps to perpetuate sexist attitudes at work and at home ) ; ie ‘ the lads ’ culture .

‘ Group performance will be contingent upon the appropriate matching of leadership styles and the degree of favourableness of the group situation for the leader , that is , the degree to which the situation provides the leader with influence over his group members . ’ ( Fiedler )
‘ group performance will be contingent upon the appropriate matching of leadership styles and the degree of favourableness of the group situation for the leader , that is , the degree to which the situation [gives] the leader with influence over his group members . ’ ( fiedler )

It provides subordinates with greater job satisfaction by giving them more say in decision-making which affects their work .
it [gives] subordinates with greater job satisfaction by giving them more say in decision-making which affects their work .

the extent to which subordinates need to be controlled and supervised , and in particular the strength of the ‘ central faith ’ or culture of the organisation , which provides an alternative means of control over employees .
the extent to which subordinates need to be controlled and supervised , and in particular the strength of the ‘ central faith ’ or culture of the organisation , which [gives] an alternative means of control over employees .

It was you said how it was wrong to waste what the Good Lord provides us for nothing , only to throw away hard-earned cash at the Superstore buying second best .
it was you said how it was wrong to waste what the good lord [gives] us for nothing , only to throw away hard-earned cash at the superstore buying second best .

Europe now produces more food than she needs and has for some years been supporting a section of industry that provides employment for less than 1 % of our National workforce ; good for British agriculture , but how much better if the support had gone to those industries that took up a greater proportion of the work force , i.e .
europe now produces more food than she needs and has for some years been supporting a section of industry that [gives] employment for less than 1 % of our national workforce ; good for british agriculture , but how much better if the support had gone to those industries that took up a greater proportion of the work force , i.e .

Pilgrimage provides an impressionistic account of the central character Miriam Henderson , which is modelled on the author 's own migratory life between 1891 and 1915 .
pilgrimage [gives] an impressionistic account of the central character miriam henderson , which is modelled on the author 's own migratory life between 1891 and 1915 .

The diary provides a detailed description of farming life in the middle of the century : the price of commodities , state of the harvest , debts and loans , yearly accounts of his estate , the weather , manorial transfers , and farming methods .
the diary [gives] a detailed description of farming life in the middle of the century : the price of commodities , state of the harvest , debts and loans , yearly accounts of his estate , the weather , manorial transfers , and farming methods .

Knyvet provides an interesting illustration of the problems faced by the Crown in raising revenue .
knyvet [gives] an interesting illustration of the problems faced by the crown in raising revenue .

Though he mixes fact with imagination , he provides a lively picture of an English country house of the time .
though he mixes fact with imagination , he [gives] a lively picture of an english country house of the time .

St Giles 's church , with its portico and tower , is a powerful essay in the Greek revival style and provides the focal point at the heart of Elgin .
st giles 's church , with its portico and tower , is a powerful essay in the greek revival style and [gives] the focal point at the heart of elgin .

Fitzjohn 's career after Evesham provides a good example of how former Montfortians could be rehabilitated .
fitzjohn 's career after evesham [gives] a good example of how former montfortians could be rehabilitated .

Section 119 provides that a company if so authorised by its articles may : ( a ) make arrangements on an issue of shares for a difference between shareholders in the amounts or times of payments of calls ; ( b ) accept the whole or part of the amount remaining unpaid although it has not been called up ; or ( c ) pay a dividend in proportion to the amount paid up on each share where a larger amount is paid up on some shares than on others .
section 119 [gives] that a company if so authorised by its articles may : ( a ) make arrangements on an issue of shares for a difference between shareholders in the amounts or times of payments of calls ; ( b ) accept the whole or part of the amount remaining unpaid although it has not been called up ; or ( c ) pay a dividend in proportion to the amount paid up on each share where a larger amount is paid up on some shares than on others .

What it provides is that a company proposing to allot equity securities shall not allot them to any person unless it has first offered , on the same or more favourable terms , to each person who holds relevant shares or relevant employee shares , a proportion of those equity securities which is as nearly as practicable equal to his existing proportion in nominal value of his aggregate holdings of relevant shares and relevant employee shares .
what it [gives] is that a company proposing to allot equity securities shall not allot them to any person unless it has first offered , on the same or more favourable terms , to each person who holds relevant shares or relevant employee shares , a proportion of those equity securities which is as nearly as practicable equal to his existing proportion in nominal value of his aggregate holdings of relevant shares and relevant employee shares .

Section 1889 provides that a company , if so authorised by its articles , may issue with respect to any fully-paid shares a warrant stating that the bearer of the warrant is entitled to the shares specified in it .
section 1889 [gives] that a company , if so authorised by its articles , may issue with respect to any fully-paid shares a warrant stating that the bearer of the warrant is entitled to the shares specified in it .

Hence section 359 provides a summary remedy whereby , if :
hence section 359 [gives] a summary remedy whereby , if :

It must be emphasised , however , that although the register provides prima facie evidence of who its members are and what their shareholdings are , it provides no evidence at all , either to the company or anyone else , of who the beneficial owners of the shares are .
it must be emphasised , however , that although the register [gives] prima facie evidence of who its members are and what their shareholdings are , it [gives] no evidence at all , either to the company or anyone else , of who the beneficial owners of the shares are .

Section 185 ( 1 ) of the Act provides that , unless the terms of issue of the securities otherwise provide , a company shall , within two months of allotment or receipt of a transfer , complete and have ready for delivery certificates resulting therefrom .
section 185 ( 1 ) of the act [gives] that , unless the terms of issue of the securities otherwise provide , a company shall , within two months of allotment or receipt of a transfer , complete and have ready for delivery certificates resulting therefrom .

Section 186 , as substituted by the Companies Act 1989 , provides :
section 186 , as substituted by the companies act 1989 , [gives] :

As regards ( a ) , the Act further provides that a transfer by the deceased 's personal representative , even if he is not a member of the company , is as valid as if he had been .
as regards ( a ) , the act further [gives] that a transfer by the deceased 's personal representative , even if he is not a member of the company , is as valid as if he had been .

So far as the former are concerned , the Act ( as does the Financial Services Act ) assumes that public issues of debentures will be undertaken by the same methods as issues of shares and it provides that a contract to take up debentures , like one to take up shares , may be enforced by an order for specific performance .
so far as the former are concerned , the act ( as does the financial services act ) assumes that public issues of debentures will be undertaken by the same methods as issues of shares and it [gives] that a contract to take up debentures , like one to take up shares , may be enforced by an order for specific performance .

Another contrast with shares is that if shares are redeemed or re-purchased by the company they have to be cancelled , whereas the Act provides that , unless it is otherwise agreed , redeemed debentures may be re-issued with their original priority .
another contrast with shares is that if shares are redeemed or re-purchased by the company they have to be cancelled , whereas the act [gives] that , unless it is otherwise agreed , redeemed debentures may be re-issued with their original priority .

Although this does not vest a security interest in the creditor , it has been claimed ( rightly ) that it ‘ behaves ’ like a security interest since it is an attempt to preclude the debtor from freely using its assets and thus , as with a security interest , it provides the creditor with a measure of protection .
although this does not vest a security interest in the creditor , it has been claimed ( rightly ) that it ‘ behaves ’ like a security interest since it is an attempt to preclude the debtor from freely using its assets and thus , as with a security interest , it [gives] the creditor with a measure of protection .

The holder of a floating charge is not solely concerned with the rights which it provides against the company but equally importantly he is concerned with the priority it provides against other charge holders .
the holder of a floating charge is not solely concerned with the rights which it [gives] against the company but equally importantly he is concerned with the priority it [gives] against other charge holders .

As regards the latter aspect , the floating charge provides less than perfect security .
as regards the latter aspect , the floating charge [gives] less than perfect security .

Second , the charge provides security against unsecured creditors .
second , the charge [gives] security against unsecured creditors .

To prevent this , section 245 of the Insolvency Act 1986 provides that a floating charge created in favour of an unconnected person within 12 months of the commencement of the winding-up or the making of an administration order shall be invalid ( except to a prescribed extent ) unless it is proved that the company was solvent immediately after the creation of the charge .
to prevent this , section 245 of the insolvency act 1986 [gives] that a floating charge created in favour of an unconnected person within 12 months of the commencement of the winding-up or the making of an administration order shall be invalid ( except to a prescribed extent ) unless it is proved that the company was solvent immediately after the creation of the charge .

It provides a picture of the state of the incumbrances on a company 's property , something which is obviously of interest to those contemplating entering into a secured lending transaction with the company .
it [gives] a picture of the state of the incumbrances on a company 's property , something which is obviously of interest to those contemplating entering into a secured lending transaction with the company .

To reduce this hardship the Act provides that if the charge is void to any extent for non-registration the whole of the sum thereby secured becomes immediately repayable on demand .
to reduce this hardship the act [gives] that if the charge is void to any extent for non-registration the whole of the sum thereby secured becomes immediately repayable on demand .

This , of course , also provides the company with an incentive to register .
this , of course , also [gives] the company with an incentive to register .

The justification for this is probably that it provides the chargee with an additional incentive to ensure that his charge is registered .
the justification for this is probably that it [gives] the chargee with an additional incentive to ensure that his charge is registered .

Because it was felt necessary to deal with the uncertainties that this would create for those acquiring the interest of a chargee of a company 's assets , and also to enhance the transferability of charges created by companies , section 406 provides that a chargee in exercising a power of sale may dispose of property freed of any interest which has arisen because the charge has become void against an administrator , a liquidator or a person who has acquired an interest in it .
because it was felt necessary to deal with the uncertainties that this would create for those acquiring the interest of a chargee of a company 's assets , and also to enhance the transferability of charges created by companies , section 406 [gives] that a chargee in exercising a power of sale may dispose of property freed of any interest which has arisen because the charge has become void against an administrator , a liquidator or a person who has acquired an interest in it .

More importantly , the receiver is liable on any contract that he enters into on behalf of the company unless the contract otherwise provides .
more importantly , the receiver is liable on any contract that he enters into on behalf of the company unless the contract otherwise [gives] .

Nevertheless a member , even of a private company , unless he is also a director is not entitled , as he would be if he were a member of a partnership , to inspect the books and records of the company except to the extent that the Act specifically provides .
nevertheless a member , even of a private company , unless he is also a director is not entitled , as he would be if he were a member of a partnership , to inspect the books and records of the company except to the extent that the act specifically [gives] .

Section 222 provides that accounting records are at all times to be open for inspection by officers of the company .
section 222 [gives] that accounting records are at all times to be open for inspection by officers of the company .

Accordingly section 223 ( 4 ) provides that , in relation to one that is not , references to its financial year are to any period in respect of which its constitution or the law under which it is established requires a profit and loss account to be made up .
accordingly section 223 ( 4 ) [gives] that , in relation to one that is not , references to its financial year are to any period in respect of which its constitution or the law under which it is established requires a profit and loss account to be made up .

And , finally section 223 ( 5 ) provides that the directors of a parent company shall secure that , except where there are good reasons to the contrary , the financial years of each of its subsidiaries coincide with that of the parent company .
and , finally section 223 ( 5 ) [gives] that the directors of a parent company shall secure that , except where there are good reasons to the contrary , the financial years of each of its subsidiaries coincide with that of the parent company .

First , section 238 ( 1 ) provides that any member , holder of the company 's debentures and any person who is entitled to receive notice of general meetings shall , not less than 21 days before the accounts are to be laid before the general meeting under section 241 , be sent copies of them .
first , section 238 ( 1 ) [gives] that any member , holder of the company 's debentures and any person who is entitled to receive notice of general meetings shall , not less than 21 days before the accounts are to be laid before the general meeting under section 241 , be sent copies of them .

Section 244 provides that this normally has to be done within 10 months after the end of the accounting reference period to which the accounts relate ( if it is a private company ) or within six months ( if it is a public one ) .
section 244 [gives] that this normally has to be done within 10 months after the end of the accounting reference period to which the accounts relate ( if it is a private company ) or within six months ( if it is a public one ) .

Section 245 provides that if it appears to the directors that any annual accounts of the company or any directors ' report did not comply with the provisions of the Act they may prepare revised accounts or a revised report .
section 245 [gives] that if it appears to the directors that any annual accounts of the company or any directors ' report did not comply with the provisions of the act they may prepare revised accounts or a revised report .

The section provides that the Secretary of State may make provisions by regulations in relation to revised accounts and reports which , in particular , may : — make different provisions according to whether the previous documents are replaced or merely supplemented by a statement of corrections ; deal with the functions of the auditors ; require the directors to take specified steps in relation to circulation to members and others entitled under section 238 ; laying before a general meeting and delivery to the Registrar ; and the application of provisions of the Act ( including penalties ) .
the section [gives] that the secretary of state may make provisions by regulations in relation to revised accounts and reports which , in particular , may : — make different provisions according to whether the previous documents are replaced or merely supplemented by a statement of corrections ; deal with the functions of the auditors ; require the directors to take specified steps in relation to circulation to members and others entitled under section 238 ; laying before a general meeting and delivery to the registrar ; and the application of provisions of the act ( including penalties ) .

The cumulative effects of section 3 ( 4 ) ( which provides that no bystander need be or be likely to be present ) and 3 ( 5 ) ( which says that affray is capable of commission in both public and private places ) complete the march of logic , with the result that if a person assaults another in private ( for example in a domestic assault ) and uses violence ( of such a degree that the other members of the household would be frightened if they were there ) , he is technically guilty of an affray .
the cumulative effects of section 3 ( 4 ) ( which [gives] that no bystander need be or be likely to be present ) and 3 ( 5 ) ( which says that affray is capable of commission in both public and private places ) complete the march of logic , with the result that if a person assaults another in private ( for example in a domestic assault ) and uses violence ( of such a degree that the other members of the household would be frightened if they were there ) , he is technically guilty of an affray .

Section 3 of the Act provides as follows :
section 3 of the act [gives] as follows :

However , where more than one person is involved as an attacker , section 3 ( 2 ) provides that :
however , where more than one person is involved as an attacker , section 3 ( 2 ) [gives] that :

Section 3(4) provides that :
section 3(4) [gives] that :

The origins of affray as being committed by fighting are preserved by the requirement that the violence used or threatened must be directed at Another person , and not ( unlike violent disorder and riot ) at property . This is the effect of sections 3(1) and 8(a) , the relevant part of which provides that :
the origins of affray as being committed by fighting are preserved by the requirement that the violence used or threatened must be directed at another person , and not ( unlike violent disorder and riot ) at property . this is the effect of sections 3(1) and 8(a) , the relevant part of which [gives] that :

Although displays of force such as the brandishing of an offensive weapon could be a common law affray , a mere altercation using threatening language could not constitute an affray at common law . The Act is intended to preserve this state of affairs in section 3(3) , which provides that :
although displays of force such as the brandishing of an offensive weapon could be a common law affray , a mere altercation using threatening language could not constitute an affray at common law . the act is intended to preserve this state of affairs in section 3(3) , which [gives] that :

Section 4 of the Act provides :
section 4 of the act [gives] :

‘ ( 2 ) An offence under this section may be committed in a public or a private place , except that no offence is committed where the words or behaviour are used , or the writing , sign or other visible representation is distributed or displayed , by a person inside a dwelling and the other person is also inside that or another dwelling . ’ What constitutes a dwelling for the purposes of the section is further spelled out in section 8 , which provides :
‘ ( 2 ) an offence under this section may be committed in a public or a private place , except that no offence is committed where the words or behaviour are used , or the writing , sign or other visible representation is distributed or displayed , by a person inside a dwelling and the other person is also inside that or another dwelling . ’ what constitutes a dwelling for the purposes of the section is further spelled out in section 8 , which [gives] :

Section 4 ( 1 ) provides that the offence is committed if the defendants act with intent to cause a person to believe that immediate unlawful violence is about to be used , or with intent to provoke such unlawful violence .
section 4 ( 1 ) [gives] that the offence is committed if the defendants act with intent to cause a person to believe that immediate unlawful violence is about to be used , or with intent to provoke such unlawful violence .

In addition there is specific provision in section 6 ( 3 ) , which provides that the defendant must as a minimum be aware that his conduct is or might be threatening , abusive or insulting .
in addition there is specific provision in section 6 ( 3 ) , which [gives] that the defendant must as a minimum be aware that his conduct is or might be threatening , abusive or insulting .

Before the Act , there was some doubt as to whether or not a person had to be aware that his conduct or language was or might be regarded as being threatening , abusive or insulting . The matter has been resolved in principle by section 6(3) which provides :
before the act , there was some doubt as to whether or not a person had to be aware that his conduct or language was or might be regarded as being threatening , abusive or insulting . the matter has been resolved in principle by section 6(3) which [gives] :

This provides a neat solution to the brief description of what is otherwise a somewhat amorphous offence in its definition and contours .
this [gives] a neat solution to the brief description of what is otherwise a somewhat amorphous offence in its definition and contours .

Section 5 of the Act provides as follows :
section 5 of the act [gives] as follows :

For an offence of such relative insignificance , the mental element is one of considerable complexity , and possibly places a greater onus on the prosecutor than is warranted . To begin with , section 6(4) provides :
for an offence of such relative insignificance , the mental element is one of considerable complexity , and possibly places a greater onus on the prosecutor than is warranted . to begin with , section 6(4) [gives] :

Section 5(3) affords to the defendant a number of defences relating to lack of fault that are not available on a charge under section 4 . The section provides :
section 5(3) affords to the defendant a number of defences relating to lack of fault that are not available on a charge under section 4 . the section [gives] :

Section 1 of the Public Meeting Act 1908 provides :
section 1 of the public meeting act 1908 [gives] :

The grounds upon which the powers to impose conditions may be exercised are very similar to those which are available in relation to processions ; section 14 provides that if the senior police officer believes that a public assembly may result in serious public disorder , serious damage to property or serious disruption to the life of the community , or that the purposes of the persons organising it is to intimidate others with a view to compelling them not to do an act they have a right to do , or to do an act they have a right not to do , he may impose conditions as to the place of the assembly , its maximum duration or the maximum number of persons who may constitute it as may appear to him necessary to prevent the disorder , damage , disruption or intimidation .
the grounds upon which the powers to impose conditions may be exercised are very similar to those which are available in relation to processions ; section 14 [gives] that if the senior police officer believes that a public assembly may result in serious public disorder , serious damage to property or serious disruption to the life of the community , or that the purposes of the persons organising it is to intimidate others with a view to compelling them not to do an act they have a right to do , or to do an act they have a right not to do , he may impose conditions as to the place of the assembly , its maximum duration or the maximum number of persons who may constitute it as may appear to him necessary to prevent the disorder , damage , disruption or intimidation .

It would appear that he can do so , since section 14 ( 1 ) provides that he may impose without apparent qualification limits on ‘ the maximum number of persons who may constitute it .
it would appear that he can do so , since section 14 ( 1 ) [gives] that he may impose without apparent qualification limits on ‘ the maximum number of persons who may constitute it .

Section 27 ( 2 ) provides that for the purposes of the rule against duplicity , each of the offences created by sections 18 to 23 create one offence .
section 27 ( 2 ) [gives] that for the purposes of the rule against duplicity , each of the offences created by sections 18 to 23 create one offence .

To give guidance on the meaning of ‘ racial hatred , ’ section 17 provides :
to give guidance on the meaning of ‘ racial hatred , ’ section 17 [gives] :

Section 20(1) provides :
section 20(1) [gives] :

It provides :
it [gives] :

Section 23 is very similar in terms to the other sections in this Part . It provides as follows :
section 23 is very similar in terms to the other sections in this part . it [gives] as follows :

In addition , the model provides no account of how pronounceable non-words are read aloud , nor of how context influences word identification .
in addition , the model [gives] no account of how pronounceable non-words are read aloud , nor of how context influences word identification .

Which of these various possibilities provides the correct interpretation for surface dyslexia ?
which of these various possibilities [gives] the correct interpretation for surface dyslexia ?

This is self-contained and provides a spectacular water display at night , yet during the daytime can be used as an ordinary fountain .
this is self-contained and [gives] a spectacular water display at night , yet during the daytime can be used as an ordinary fountain .

Untidy foliage at the water 's edge provides a sanctuary for waterlily beetles and other aquatic pests , so should be removed as soon as the first autumn frosts turn it brown .
untidy foliage at the water 's edge [gives] a sanctuary for waterlily beetles and other aquatic pests , so should be removed as soon as the first autumn frosts turn it brown .

Although there are important differences in the nature of television coverage between the two countries , television provides politicians in both with a direct ( but one-way ) link to the voter and reduces the traditional role of the party as mediator .
although there are important differences in the nature of television coverage between the two countries , television [gives] politicians in both with a direct ( but one-way ) link to the voter and reduces the traditional role of the party as mediator .

Although , in terms of campaigning , electoral turnout and party identification , it may be said that the two main parties in Britain are less important than they were , Britain still provides us with an example of party government resulting from a party system having considerable independent influence on the political process .
although , in terms of campaigning , electoral turnout and party identification , it may be said that the two main parties in britain are less important than they were , britain still [gives] us with an example of party government resulting from a party system having considerable independent influence on the political process .

Whatever relationship exists between government and groups , we must raise the question of whether the advancing of organized interests enhances democracy or , at least , provides the only realistic chance of obtaining some democracy in industrialized societies , as the pluralists have argued .
whatever relationship exists between government and groups , we must raise the question of whether the advancing of organized interests enhances democracy or , at least , [gives] the only realistic chance of obtaining some democracy in industrialized societies , as the pluralists have argued .

The British Cabinet provides a good example of a collective executive in which all decisions must be agreed by the members .
the british cabinet [gives] a good example of a collective executive in which all decisions must be agreed by the members .

It is argued that the Lords provides an important opportunity for more careful consideration of legislation that has been steamrollered through the Commons , and that it provides high-class debates .
it is argued that the lords [gives] an important opportunity for more careful consideration of legislation that has been steamrollered through the commons , and that it [gives] high-class debates .

The United States provides a good example of a bicameral system in which the two chambers are more or less equal .
the united states [gives] a good example of a bicameral system in which the two chambers are more or less equal .

The Fifth Amendment to the United States constitution provides a clear echo of the words of John Locke quoted above : ‘ No person shall be … deprived of life , liberty or property , without due process of law ; nor shall private property be taken for public use , without just compensation .
the fifth amendment to the united states constitution [gives] a clear echo of the words of john locke quoted above : ‘ no person shall be … deprived of life , liberty or property , without due process of law ; nor shall private property be taken for public use , without just compensation .

The Dennis case in the United States provides us with a hint as to how departures from constitutional principle may be explained .
the dennis case in the united states [gives] us with a hint as to how departures from constitutional principle may be explained .

The United States and most European countries have a specialized riot police force , sometimes referred to as a ‘ third force ’ , which takes over when the ordinary police can not cope , and provides the state with another option before calling in the military .
the united states and most european countries have a specialized riot police force , sometimes referred to as a ‘ third force ’ , which takes over when the ordinary police can not cope , and [gives] the state with another option before calling in the military .

Such a definition , or a public-order-threat assessment , provides the justification for wide-ranging and controversial police practices .
such a definition , or a public-order-threat assessment , [gives] the justification for wide-ranging and controversial police practices .

Dependency theory provides a ‘ Southern perspective ’ which tends to be overlooked in other theoretical explanations .
dependency theory [gives] a ‘ southern perspective ’ which tends to be overlooked in other theoretical explanations .

However the concept of materiality is implemented , it provides the ‘ threshold for recognition ’ of accounting information .
however the concept of materiality is implemented , it [gives] the ‘ threshold for recognition ’ of accounting information .

It provides a specific focus and applies most readily to bureaucracies , where the tasks of the organizations are traceable to responsibility centres .
it [gives] a specific focus and applies most readily to bureaucracies , where the tasks of the organizations are traceable to responsibility centres .

This provides two main difficulties .
this [gives] two main difficulties .

In summary , we have seen that cash accounting provides essential information , it is more objective than other alternatives and it costs less , in terms of administrative and accounting expertise , to implement .
in summary , we have seen that cash accounting [gives] essential information , it is more objective than other alternatives and it costs less , in terms of administrative and accounting expertise , to implement .

On the other hand it provides no information about income and capital , nor about the cost of operating the organization during the financial year .
on the other hand it [gives] no information about income and capital , nor about the cost of operating the organization during the financial year .

Nevertheless , though difficulties remain in locating each possible measurement focus , the idea is one that provides an escape from the dominant ( if woolly ) notion of accruals accounting as an all-or-nothing alternative to cash accounting .
nevertheless , though difficulties remain in locating each possible measurement focus , the idea is one that [gives] an escape from the dominant ( if woolly ) notion of accruals accounting as an all-or-nothing alternative to cash accounting .

First , the fact that revenues and expenses in the Operating Statement relate to those earned and those incurred respectively , means that accruals accounting provides measures of the economic goods and services consumed , transformed and earned ; cash accounting provides measures of cash inflows and cash outflows .
first , the fact that revenues and expenses in the operating statement relate to those earned and those incurred respectively , means that accruals accounting [gives] measures of the economic goods and services consumed , transformed and earned ; cash accounting [gives] measures of cash inflows and cash outflows .

Put another way , given the Government 's unequivocal control of nationalized industries in the 1980s , being able to control the industries ' current cost profit provides the best financial control of their behaviour .
put another way , given the government 's unequivocal control of nationalized industries in the 1980s , being able to control the industries ' current cost profit [gives] the best financial control of their behaviour .

In effect , commitment accounting provides the opportunity for managers and for organizations as a whole to contribute to general reserves at the year-end and to treat the contributions as expenses .
in effect , commitment accounting [gives] the opportunity for managers and for organizations as a whole to contribute to general reserves at the year-end and to treat the contributions as expenses .

Each one provides the balance at the year end for the defined area .
each one [gives] the balance at the year end for the defined area .

Consequently , the authority has decided that it would be misleading to include these amounts in a balance sheet which provides some measure of what the authority is ‘ worth ’ .
consequently , the authority has decided that it would be misleading to include these amounts in a balance sheet which [gives] some measure of what the authority is ‘ worth ’ .

The local authority system provides no capital for replacing assets ; the capital must be reborrowed .
the local authority system [gives] no capital for replacing assets ; the capital must be reborrowed .

Subdivisions of service — which provides a further breakdown of the division .
subdivisions of service — which [gives] a further breakdown of the division .

It would be in addition to the objective classification and provides a broad analysis of expenditure which can be useful in making broad judgements , for example , about the percentage of total costs paid as salaries and wages .
it would be in addition to the objective classification and [gives] a broad analysis of expenditure which can be useful in making broad judgements , for example , about the percentage of total costs paid as salaries and wages .

Income for them includes taxation , which provides no measure of the willingness of the community to pay .
income for them includes taxation , which [gives] no measure of the willingness of the community to pay .

When employed in the financial reports it provides external users with some measure of performance .
when employed in the financial reports it [gives] external users with some measure of performance .

The following list provides a brief survey of some of the schools that have become major styles in their own right .
the following list [gives] a brief survey of some of the schools that have become major styles in their own right .

Because of its low centre of gravity , this stance not only provides excellent balance , but also makes it easy to kick and strike from the side .
because of its low centre of gravity , this stance not only [gives] excellent balance , but also makes it easy to kick and strike from the side .

It provides the muscles with a good supply of blood and oxygen and prepares the body for the job at hand .
it [gives] the muscles with a good supply of blood and oxygen and prepares the body for the job at hand .

Probably the most effective and most common scoring technique in karate is the gyaku-zuki , or reverse punch , which the beginner learns in the second week of his basic training , and provides a good illustration of the need constantly to return to practising the basics .
probably the most effective and most common scoring technique in karate is the gyaku-zuki , or reverse punch , which the beginner learns in the second week of his basic training , and [gives] a good illustration of the need constantly to return to practising the basics .

His stance should be relaxed , not fixed , since an unspecialized stance provides mobility and avoids the waste of valuable reaction time involved in switching to the best stance with which to meet an oncoming attack .
his stance should be relaxed , not fixed , since an unspecialized stance [gives] mobility and avoids the waste of valuable reaction time involved in switching to the best stance with which to meet an oncoming attack .

Volcanic rocks and provides checks on other methods
volcanic rocks and [gives] checks on other methods

The need to assess the likelihood of possible future changes in the climates of the world provides a strong reason for encouraging research on these problems , and is reinforced by the recognition that human activities are developing towards a scale from which significant effects on world climate might arise within the next century … No purely theoretical studies of world climate can properly achieve their objectives without an adequate base in observational data .
the need to assess the likelihood of possible future changes in the climates of the world [gives] a strong reason for encouraging research on these problems , and is reinforced by the recognition that human activities are developing towards a scale from which significant effects on world climate might arise within the next century … no purely theoretical studies of world climate can properly achieve their objectives without an adequate base in observational data .

Biogeography provides the most obvious area in which the significance of human activity should be particularly demanding of study and there have been two particular themes , albeit increasingly related , which have proceeded in this direction .
biogeography [gives] the most obvious area in which the significance of human activity should be particularly demanding of study and there have been two particular themes , albeit increasingly related , which have proceeded in this direction .

This provides an alternative perspective but still one in which man and hazards interact , which is underlined by part of the quotation used at the beginning of Hewitt 's ( 1983 ) volume :
this [gives] an alternative perspective but still one in which man and hazards interact , which is underlined by part of the quotation used at the beginning of hewitt 's ( 1983 ) volume :

However , each of those themes requires a unifying methodology and the systems approach potentially provides that methodology .
however , each of those themes requires a unifying methodology and the systems approach potentially [gives] that methodology .

Systems analysis at last provides geography with a unifying methodology and using it geography no longer stands apart from the mainstream of scientific progress .
systems analysis at last [gives] geography with a unifying methodology and using it geography no longer stands apart from the mainstream of scientific progress .

In a later paper Jenny ( 1961 ) endeavoured to advance the approach by introducing ecosystems in a systems-oriented approach whereby the initial state Lo represents the assemblage of properties at time zero , Px is the combined result of inputs and outputs which provides the flux potential and t is the age of the system . This provided a revised general state factor equation where ecosystem properties ( l ) , soil properties ( s ) , vegetation properties ( v ) and animal properties ( a ) are combined in an equation in the form :
in a later paper jenny ( 1961 ) endeavoured to advance the approach by introducing ecosystems in a systems-oriented approach whereby the initial state lo represents the assemblage of properties at time zero , px is the combined result of inputs and outputs which [gives] the flux potential and t is the age of the system . this provided a revised general state factor equation where ecosystem properties ( l ) , soil properties ( s ) , vegetation properties ( v ) and animal properties ( a ) are combined in an equation in the form :

… ultimately the real value of this book may lie in the intellectual stimulation it provides to view traditional material in physical geography in a new light .
… ultimately the real value of this book may lie in the intellectual stimulation it [gives] to view traditional material in physical geography in a new light .

Subsequently applied to geography as a whole , Bennett and Chorley ( 1978 ) produced a text which attempted to explore firstly the extent to which systems theory provided an interdisciplinary focus for environmental matters and to what extent systems technology provides an adequate vehicle ; and secondly to ascertain the manner in which systems approaches aid in the development of an integrated theory relating social and economic theory to physical and biological theory .
subsequently applied to geography as a whole , bennett and chorley ( 1978 ) produced a text which attempted to explore firstly the extent to which systems theory provided an interdisciplinary focus for environmental matters and to what extent systems technology [gives] an adequate vehicle ; and secondly to ascertain the manner in which systems approaches aid in the development of an integrated theory relating social and economic theory to physical and biological theory .

At most , the systems approach provides a powerful vehicle for the statement of environmental situations of ever-growing temporal and spatial magnitude , and for reducing the areas of uncertainty in our increasingly complex decision making control situations .
at most , the systems approach [gives] a powerful vehicle for the statement of environmental situations of ever-growing temporal and spatial magnitude , and for reducing the areas of uncertainty in our increasingly complex decision making control situations .

Energy therefore provides a potentially useful theme throughout the branches of physical geography and there are indications that it could be the basis for a more integrated approach .
energy therefore [gives] a potentially useful theme throughout the branches of physical geography and there are indications that it could be the basis for a more integrated approach .

The authoritative Soviet Diplomatic Dictionary published in 1984 provides no separate entry for neutralisation , but notes that demilitarisation ‘ is frequently employed jointly with neutralisation ’ to exclude the use of a territory as a theatre of military operations .
the authoritative soviet diplomatic dictionary published in 1984 [gives] no separate entry for neutralisation , but notes that demilitarisation ‘ is frequently employed jointly with neutralisation ’ to exclude the use of a territory as a theatre of military operations .

The double bass pizzicato provides the two bass notes in each bar , required by the original , and also supplies lightness , rhythm , and ‘ spring ’ to the whole texture .
the double bass pizzicato [gives] the two bass notes in each bar , required by the original , and also supplies lightness , rhythm , and ‘ spring ’ to the whole texture .

In our arrangement we have allotted the semiquavers to 1st and 2nd violins while the unison of two flutes and two oboes provides an ‘ imitation trumpet ’ effect above them .
in our arrangement we have allotted the semiquavers to 1st and 2nd violins while the unison of two flutes and two oboes [gives] an ‘ imitation trumpet ’ effect above them .

In soft brass passages it provides a perfectly satisfactory bass by itself , but in loud ones the difference in quality between its ‘ blunt ’ tones and the ‘ sharp ’ utterance of the trumpets and trombones makes itself felt .
in soft brass passages it [gives] a perfectly satisfactory bass by itself , but in loud ones the difference in quality between its ‘ blunt ’ tones and the ‘ sharp ’ utterance of the trumpets and trombones makes itself felt .

The discreet undertone of percussion developed later provides the necessary rhythmic basis and no more .
the discreet undertone of percussion developed later [gives] the necessary rhythmic basis and no more .

This provides a graphic illustration of the erosion of headlands and the general lack of erosion in pronounced embayments .
this [gives] a graphic illustration of the erosion of headlands and the general lack of erosion in pronounced embayments .

It is perceived equity that motivates behaviour and provides satisfaction .
it is perceived equity that motivates behaviour and [gives] satisfaction .

Examination of the budgetary process in the public sector provides interesting evidence on how organisations actually behave and the applicability of these models as descriptions and prescriptions for their behaviour .
examination of the budgetary process in the public sector [gives] interesting evidence on how organisations actually behave and the applicability of these models as descriptions and prescriptions for their behaviour .

The National Health Service provides an excellent example of an organisation facing the problem of making a best fit with its environment . Among the problems it faces are :
the national health service [gives] an excellent example of an organisation facing the problem of making a best fit with its environment . among the problems it faces are :

The public spending process is covered by Likierman ( 1988 ) , and Heald ( 1983 ) provides an economist 's perspective on public expenditure .
the public spending process is covered by likierman ( 1988 ) , and heald ( 1983 ) [gives] an economist 's perspective on public expenditure .

To achieve this flexibility , the modular structure has been adopted in the belief that it provides the maximum amount of choice for the student compatible with the maintenance of academic standards .
to achieve this flexibility , the modular structure has been adopted in the belief that it [gives] the maximum amount of choice for the student compatible with the maintenance of academic standards .

The Evaluation Officer provides leadership and coordination for the evaluation of the Course and is the editor of Feedback .
the evaluation officer [gives] leadership and coordination for the evaluation of the course and is the editor of feedback .

This use assumes the importance of student impressions , but not their absolute truth ; it offers opportunity and incentives for self-development , but no direct penalties ; and it provides a mechanism for students to blow the whistle if problems move outside the range of acceptability .
this use assumes the importance of student impressions , but not their absolute truth ; it offers opportunity and incentives for self-development , but no direct penalties ; and it [gives] a mechanism for students to blow the whistle if problems move outside the range of acceptability .

All of this the system provides .
all of this the system [gives] .

North America provides , of course , the most striking instance of European settlement on a grand scale .
north america [gives] , of course , the most striking instance of european settlement on a grand scale .

If the provision of legal services is to be limited to those matters in which the sufferer realises that there is a situation of difficulty for which the law provides a means of solution and with which a lawyer can be of assistance much of the pioneering work of law centres would be nullified .
if the provision of legal services is to be limited to those matters in which the sufferer realises that there is a situation of difficulty for which the law [gives] a means of solution and with which a lawyer can be of assistance much of the pioneering work of law centres would be nullified .

The service therefore provides free to all individuals a confidential , impartial and independent service of information , guidance and support , and makes responsible use of the experience so gained .
the service therefore [gives] free to all individuals a confidential , impartial and independent service of information , guidance and support , and makes responsible use of the experience so gained .

It ensures that the solicitor only sees those clients who have been identified by a volunteer worker as being in need of professional advice ; it provides a free initial interview to encourage those who may be worried about cost ; and it permits the solicitor to take on those clients who may need more extensive legal assistance .
it ensures that the solicitor only sees those clients who have been identified by a volunteer worker as being in need of professional advice ; it [gives] a free initial interview to encourage those who may be worried about cost ; and it permits the solicitor to take on those clients who may need more extensive legal assistance .

Notwithstanding the serious criticisms we have made in the report about certain aspects of the scheme , the results , taken as a whole , demonstrate that the green form scheme represents an invaluable social service and provides a source of immediate legal advice to those who need it … .
notwithstanding the serious criticisms we have made in the report about certain aspects of the scheme , the results , taken as a whole , demonstrate that the green form scheme represents an invaluable social service and [gives] a source of immediate legal advice to those who need it … .

Currently , Sun Alliance provides such insurance through the Legal Protection Group , which advertises its services to the public .
currently , sun alliance [gives] such insurance through the legal protection group , which advertises its services to the public .

Such an agreement is an agreement in writing between a person providing advocacy or litigation services and the client , which is not concerned with certain matrimonial and children proceedings ; provides for that person 's fees and expenses , or part of them , to be payable only in specified circumstances ; complies with any requirements imposed by the Lord Chancellor ; and is not a contentious business agreement .
such an agreement is an agreement in writing between a person providing advocacy or litigation services and the client , which is not concerned with certain matrimonial and children proceedings ; [gives] for that person 's fees and expenses , or part of them , to be payable only in specified circumstances ; complies with any requirements imposed by the lord chancellor ; and is not a contentious business agreement .

It provides that the Lord Chancellor may ‘ if he thinks fit ’ reimburse the litigant 's costs which are thrown away in these circumstances .
it [gives] that the lord chancellor may ‘ if he thinks fit ’ reimburse the litigant 's costs which are thrown away in these circumstances .

The Criminal Justice Act 1972 provides for the Attorney-General to be able to refer a case to the Court of Appeal when he or she is concerned with the law applied by the Crown Court .
the criminal justice act 1972 [gives] for the attorney-general to be able to refer a case to the court of appeal when he or she is concerned with the law applied by the crown court .

The Criminal Justice Act 1988 provides for a similar Attorney-General 's reference where a sentence which is thought to be too lenient is imposed .
the criminal justice act 1988 [gives] for a similar attorney-general 's reference where a sentence which is thought to be too lenient is imposed .

Saif Ali v. Sydney Mitchell and Co. provides an example of a remarkably prolonged action , complicated by the expiry of the limitation period .
saif ali v. sydney mitchell and co. [gives] an example of a remarkably prolonged action , complicated by the expiry of the limitation period .

It is cash flowing on costs as the case progresses which provides another incentive to settle .
it is cash flowing on costs as the case progresses which [gives] another incentive to settle .

The modern legal aid scheme , which provides financial assistance ( subject to eligibility ) in connection with proceedings in most of our civil courts , has come a long way since 1495 when statute provided for poor people , at the discretion of the Lord Chancellor , to sue without payment to the Crown , and to have lawyers assigned to them without fee .
the modern legal aid scheme , which [gives] financial assistance ( subject to eligibility ) in connection with proceedings in most of our civil courts , has come a long way since 1495 when statute provided for poor people , at the discretion of the lord chancellor , to sue without payment to the crown , and to have lawyers assigned to them without fee .

pepper v. Healey shows that arbitration may not always be the ideal solution in small claims and provides an example of an arbitration being rescinded .
pepper v. healey shows that arbitration may not always be the ideal solution in small claims and [gives] an example of an arbitration being rescinded .

Consequently , it must be questioned , with Sir Jack Jacob , whether the present small claims procedure provides ‘ a procedure which is simple , inexpensive and fair .
consequently , it must be questioned , with sir jack jacob , whether the present small claims procedure [gives] ‘ a procedure which is simple , inexpensive and fair .

Whilst the Civil Justice Review , as its recommendations are introduced , will produce considerable changes to the current High Court procedure in an effort to reduce delay , cost and complexity , the current procedure nevertheless provides an insight to what happens to civil actions prior to trial .
whilst the civil justice review , as its recommendations are introduced , will produce considerable changes to the current high court procedure in an effort to reduce delay , cost and complexity , the current procedure nevertheless [gives] an insight to what happens to civil actions prior to trial .

The balance sheet provides some explanation of this negative cash position in that it shows debtors of £5.8m , or 74 % of Bloomsbury 's turnover of £7.8m at 31st December 1991 .
the balance sheet [gives] some explanation of this negative cash position in that it shows debtors of £5.8m , or 74 % of bloomsbury 's turnover of £7.8m at 31st december 1991 .

The Two Heads Publishing team of Charles Frewin and Derek Lubner have researched the book themselves , creating a database of London bookshops which ‘ provides a unique insight into bookselling in the capital ’ , says Mr Frewin .
the two heads publishing team of charles frewin and derek lubner have researched the book themselves , creating a database of london bookshops which ‘ [gives] a unique insight into bookselling in the capital ’ , says mr frewin .

Finn 's Hotel now provides the link between the two novels .
finn 's hotel now [gives] the link between the two novels .

The unorthodox theory also provides a satisfactory explanation of exposure age .
the unorthodox theory also [gives] a satisfactory explanation of exposure age .

The outcome matches the estimated rate in Figure 8.2 , and this provides support for the rates for the other planets .
the outcome matches the estimated rate in figure 8.2 , and this [gives] support for the rates for the other planets .

The study reported here examines small staffed homes for these individuals which provides an example of creating alternative ‘ homely ’ environments to provide long-term care for very demanding individuals .
the study reported here examines small staffed homes for these individuals which [gives] an example of creating alternative ‘ homely ’ environments to provide long-term care for very demanding individuals .

This study provides detail about the impact of this style of service compared with traditional institutional care and the authors note the ‘ importance of combining therapeutic objectives , opportunities created by service design and organisation and the amount of quality of staff performance to determine the outcome of care for people ’ .
this study [gives] detail about the impact of this style of service compared with traditional institutional care and the authors note the ‘ importance of combining therapeutic objectives , opportunities created by service design and organisation and the amount of quality of staff performance to determine the outcome of care for people ’ .

, 1981 ) direct observation currently provides the most accurate way of measuring client activity patterns ( Joyce et al .
, 1981 ) direct observation currently [gives] the most accurate way of measuring client activity patterns ( joyce et al .

Support network : e.g. extensive/limited nature of support network ; stability of network ; who provides assistance ; support .
support network : e.g. extensive/limited nature of support network ; stability of network ; who [gives] assistance ; support .

It not only involves the user more demonstrably in the process and provides him or her with a visible record of the interview , but also begins to construct a historical picture of the older person .
it not only involves the user more demonstrably in the process and [gives] him or her with a visible record of the interview , but also begins to construct a historical picture of the older person .

This formalizes the responsibilities of the multi-disciplinary team , provides for user participation , and clarifies standards of monitoring and review ( Kensington and Chelsea ) .
this formalizes the responsibilities of the multi-disciplinary team , [gives] for user participation , and clarifies standards of monitoring and review ( kensington and chelsea ) .

The development of a care programming , care management and joint assessment service that straddles inpatient and community services , and provides a continuity of care for the individual and their carers , particularly before discharge from hospital ( East Sussex ) .
the development of a care programming , care management and joint assessment service that straddles inpatient and community services , and [gives] a continuity of care for the individual and their carers , particularly before discharge from hospital ( east sussex ) .

In another model , that preferred by the Department of Health ( 1992 ) , care programming is the pathway to care management , which provides similar input but with additional intensity and possibly with additional resources .
in another model , that preferred by the department of health ( 1992 ) , care programming is the pathway to care management , which [gives] similar input but with additional intensity and possibly with additional resources .

Weiner 's ( 1986 ) cognitive theory of emotions provides a theoretical framework for the above .
weiner 's ( 1986 ) cognitive theory of emotions [gives] a theoretical framework for the above .

Rodney Lowe is keen to build bridges between these approaches as this volume , which provides an invaluable guide to the post-1945 welfare state , amply demonstrates .
rodney lowe is keen to build bridges between these approaches as this volume , which [gives] an invaluable guide to the post-1945 welfare state , amply demonstrates .

The main substance of the book is contained in part two which provides an excellent overview of the British welfare state during its ‘ classic ’ period ( 1945–75 ) .
the main substance of the book is contained in part two which [gives] an excellent overview of the british welfare state during its ‘ classic ’ period ( 1945–75 ) .

on income belonging to the disabled person , provides a new angle .
on income belonging to the disabled person , [gives] a new angle .

Parker 's chapter on the numbers and types of informal carers provides an excellent and up-to-date analysis of Britain 's carers and their need for , receipt of , and ability to access support services .
parker 's chapter on the numbers and types of informal carers [gives] an excellent and up-to-date analysis of britain 's carers and their need for , receipt of , and ability to access support services .

Jean-François Lyotard provides a theoretical grounding to Sontag 's distinction between a modernist hermeneutics and a postmodern aesthetics of sensation in his counterposition of ‘ discourse ’ and ‘ figure ’ .
jean-françois lyotard [gives] a theoretical grounding to sontag 's distinction between a modernist hermeneutics and a postmodern aesthetics of sensation in his counterposition of ‘ discourse ’ and ‘ figure ’ .

There is a genuine exchange , a genuine sale and a genuine investment company , the whole transaction being carried out in a way which the Act , in express terms , provides for .
there is a genuine exchange , a genuine sale and a genuine investment company , the whole transaction being carried out in a way which the act , in express terms , [gives] for .

On the other hand , Article 189 mentions two other types of measure which are not binding , that is , recommendations and opinions , as to which it provides :
on the other hand , article 189 mentions two other types of measure which are not binding , that is , recommendations and opinions , as to which it [gives] :

Certain requirements are laid down for these various legislative measures , some in the Treaty itself and others in instruments of lower rank . One of the most important is contained in Article 190 of the Treaty , which provides :
certain requirements are laid down for these various legislative measures , some in the treaty itself and others in instruments of lower rank . one of the most important is contained in article 190 of the treaty , which [gives] :

Section 3 ( 1 ) of the European Communities Act 1972 expressly provides that the meaning or effect of any of the Treaties ‘ shall be treated as a question of law ( and , if not referred to the European Court , be for determination as such in accordance with the principles laid down by and any relevant decision of the European Court ) ’ .
section 3 ( 1 ) of the european communities act 1972 expressly [gives] that the meaning or effect of any of the treaties ‘ shall be treated as a question of law ( and , if not referred to the european court , be for determination as such in accordance with the principles laid down by and any relevant decision of the european court ) ’ .

In this context , the early piano action design of Cristofori provides an interesting example .
in this context , the early piano action design of cristofori [gives] an interesting example .

Wilson provides a study which examines not only ( as is often the case ) the lauda repertory of these companies , but also the devotional and socio-political context in which this lauda-singing took place .
wilson [gives] a study which examines not only ( as is often the case ) the lauda repertory of these companies , but also the devotional and socio-political context in which this lauda-singing took place .

This paragraph provides a revealing insight into the narrow view of the offence of rape held by a majority of the Committee 's members .
this paragraph [gives] a revealing insight into the narrow view of the offence of rape held by a majority of the committee 's members .

Separation is not always the factor which is chosen to delimit the marital rape exemption . Thus , in South Australia , the Criminal Law Consolidation Act 1935–1975 , s.73(5) , provides as follows :
separation is not always the factor which is chosen to delimit the marital rape exemption . thus , in south australia , the criminal law consolidation act 1935–1975 , s.73(5) , [gives] as follows :

The nineteenth century case of Nichol provides an example of the kind of situation in which a jury might fairly consider that no consent was present .
the nineteenth century case of nichol [gives] an example of the kind of situation in which a jury might fairly consider that no consent was present .

’ He was , however , dissuaded from holding that a man 's belief in consent must be reasonable because of the wording of the Sexual Offences Act 1956 , s.1 , which provides that it is an offence for a man to rape a woman .
’ he was , however , dissuaded from holding that a man 's belief in consent must be reasonable because of the wording of the sexual offences act 1956 , s.1 , which [gives] that it is an offence for a man to rape a woman .

In this chapter , it is proposed to consider in detail the radical legislation passed in Michigan , New South Wales and Canada , with a view to assessing whether it provides a better solution to the problem of rape than that envisaged by the Criminal Law Revision Committee in England .
in this chapter , it is proposed to consider in detail the radical legislation passed in michigan , new south wales and canada , with a view to assessing whether it [gives] a better solution to the problem of rape than that envisaged by the criminal law revision committee in england .

English law , for example , provides an offence of rape and attempted rape on the one hand with maximum penalties of life imprisonment , and indecent assault on the other , with a maximum penalty which has recently been raised from two to ten years ’ imprisonment .
english law , for example , [gives] an offence of rape and attempted rape on the one hand with maximum penalties of life imprisonment , and indecent assault on the other , with a maximum penalty which has recently been raised from two to ten years ’ imprisonment .

In New South Wales , the Crimes Act 1900 now provides as follows :
in new south wales , the crimes act 1900 now [gives] as follows :

The Canadian Criminal Code provides as follows :
the canadian criminal code [gives] as follows :

The Criminal Sexual Conduct Act provides as follows :
the criminal sexual conduct act [gives] as follows :

Section 244(3) provides a short list of situations in which consent will not be deemed to exist . It reads :
section 244(3) [gives] a short list of situations in which consent will not be deemed to exist . it reads :

But you are under the protection of the master , who provides food and shelter , protection and care for you .
but you are under the protection of the master , who [gives] food and shelter , protection and care for you .

Our research and development also provides continuing support to Nuclear Electric .
our research and development also [gives] continuing support to nuclear electric .

Insurance expert John Carrier provides a step-by-step guide to getting the right cover for your building operations at the right price .
insurance expert john carrier [gives] a step-by-step guide to getting the right cover for your building operations at the right price .

It provides a modular course of study with a total of 360 credits which candidates must gain in order to qualify , and is equivalent to an honours degree .
it [gives] a modular course of study with a total of 360 credits which candidates must gain in order to qualify , and is equivalent to an honours degree .

Board provides drainage and protection
board [gives] drainage and protection

The Department of Social Work provides a range of services from its local Offices based in the community .
the department of social work [gives] a range of services from its local offices based in the community .

The Social Work Department provides a wide range of services to the public .
the social work department [gives] a wide range of services to the public .

We believe that the service of the Council provides is second to none and we are proud of our record in meeting the needs of the Region 's population and businesses .
we believe that the service of the council [gives] is second to none and we are proud of our record in meeting the needs of the region 's population and businesses .

The walkway provides an interesting and diverse route from the woodland area of Warriston through the former industrial area of Bonnington , along the enclosed cutting to the river bank at Coalie Park .
the walkway [gives] an interesting and diverse route from the woodland area of warriston through the former industrial area of bonnington , along the enclosed cutting to the river bank at coalie park .

Further along on the left a gate provides entrance to the attractive woodlands of the Old Beeslack Estate which adjoin the new Beeslack High School .
further along on the left a gate [gives] entrance to the attractive woodlands of the old beeslack estate which adjoin the new beeslack high school .

Experiencing the arts through education provides the basis for a lifetime of enrichment and personal development .
experiencing the arts through education [gives] the basis for a lifetime of enrichment and personal development .

The overall length of the aqueduct is 94 metres and provides a navigable waterway 4 metres wide and 1.5 metres deep .
the overall length of the aqueduct is 94 metres and [gives] a navigable waterway 4 metres wide and 1.5 metres deep .

This explanatory leaflet provides a brief description of changes made to the original design since September 1978 .
this explanatory leaflet [gives] a brief description of changes made to the original design since september 1978 .

The assumption that large authorities are costly and bureaucratic is wrong : it has been proved that Lothian has low management costs and provides an above average standard of service at low cost .
the assumption that large authorities are costly and bureaucratic is wrong : it has been proved that lothian has low management costs and [gives] an above average standard of service at low cost .

Blindcraft provides meaningful employment for blind or disabled people who might otherwise be living on state benefits .
blindcraft [gives] meaningful employment for blind or disabled people who might otherwise be living on state benefits .

It has been proved that Lothian has low bureaucratic costs and provides an above average standard of services at low cost .
it has been proved that lothian has low bureaucratic costs and [gives] an above average standard of services at low cost .

The Council has further recognised that the nature of the services it provides places particular groups of employees at potential risk from clients and/or their families etc .
the council has further recognised that the nature of the services it [gives] places particular groups of employees at potential risk from clients and/or their families etc .

2.2 The Regional Council 's policy statement on the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 requires Departments to issue supplementary policy statements incorporating sufficient details in respect of the particular nature of the work performed and services provided in each Department . In this regard it provides that Heads of Department shall review such supplementary policy statements in the light of the Regional Council 's policy with particular regard to arrangements for :
2.2 the regional council 's policy statement on the health and safety at work act 1974 requires departments to issue supplementary policy statements incorporating sufficient details in respect of the particular nature of the work performed and services provided in each department . in this regard it [gives] that heads of department shall review such supplementary policy statements in the light of the regional council 's policy with particular regard to arrangements for :

Training provides a vital means by which employees can be equipped to deal with particular problems which confront them .
training [gives] a vital means by which employees can be equipped to deal with particular problems which confront them .

In this respect the Regional Council 's personal accident insurance policy provides for compensation to be paid in accordance with the scale of compensation set out in the schemes of conditions of service .
in this respect the regional council 's personal accident insurance policy [gives] for compensation to be paid in accordance with the scale of compensation set out in the schemes of conditions of service .

This provides an opportunity to consider a wide ranging review of road safety activities and how they may be best managed to maximise casualty reduction .
this [gives] an opportunity to consider a wide ranging review of road safety activities and how they may be best managed to maximise casualty reduction .

It is not possible to deal with every detail in the space of this leaflet , but we hope it provides a basic outline .
it is not possible to deal with every detail in the space of this leaflet , but we hope it [gives] a basic outline .

The Preservation Division advises on the formation of library preservation policy and strategy and provides services connected with the conservation of antiquarian volumes , manuscripts and maps , the binding of periodicals , protective boxes , microfilming , photography , exhibitions , etc .
the preservation division advises on the formation of library preservation policy and strategy and [gives] services connected with the conservation of antiquarian volumes , manuscripts and maps , the binding of periodicals , protective boxes , microfilming , photography , exhibitions , etc .

We have built a quality asset and production base which is internationally diversified and provides established production , new development opportunities and an attractive acreage portfolio to support our ongoing exploration programme .
we have built a quality asset and production base which is internationally diversified and [gives] established production , new development opportunities and an attractive acreage portfolio to support our ongoing exploration programme .

This marks a significant step in oil import replacement for Pakistan and the new policy of pricing gas at parity with oil provides an incentive for further exploration by the petroleum industry .
this marks a significant step in oil import replacement for pakistan and the new policy of pricing gas at parity with oil [gives] an incentive for further exploration by the petroleum industry .

In return , it provides scientists and engineers with the scope to ask ‘ what if ?
in return , it [gives] scientists and engineers with the scope to ask ‘ what if ?

This book is very much a history of the science but provides a background to the issues present day scientists face as biotechnology enters the commercial and political arenas .
this book is very much a history of the science but [gives] a background to the issues present day scientists face as biotechnology enters the commercial and political arenas .

We supported local voluntary action to improve the environment as a partner in the Shell Better Britain Campaign , which provides grants and advice to local community groups . Other organisations to whose work we contributed included :
we supported local voluntary action to improve the environment as a partner in the shell better britain campaign , which [gives] grants and advice to local community groups . other organisations to whose work we contributed included :

The Campaign 's Project Grants Fund provides seed-corn funding to help with the purchase of tools and materials for practical environmental improvement work carried out by local volunteers .
the campaign 's project grants fund [gives] seed-corn funding to help with the purchase of tools and materials for practical environmental improvement work carried out by local volunteers .

Also , the neighbouring wine bar sponsors activities on the rink and it 's in their interest to hold the tournament there since it provides entertainment for their customers .
also , the neighbouring wine bar sponsors activities on the rink and it 's in their interest to hold the tournament there since it [gives] entertainment for their customers .

An Interest Paying Current Account provides a range of benefits which bridge the traditional gap between a Personal Current Account and a Savings Account , including interest on credit balances and free banking as long as the account is no more than £100 overdrawn .
an interest paying current account [gives] a range of benefits which bridge the traditional gap between a personal current account and a savings account , including interest on credit balances and free banking as long as the account is no more than £100 overdrawn .

In the case of joint accounts , where one party to a two party account is a non-taxpayer , half the interest can be paid gross where the non-taxpayer provides the required self-certification .
in the case of joint accounts , where one party to a two party account is a non-taxpayer , half the interest can be paid gross where the non-taxpayer [gives] the required self-certification .

The new life assurance company of The Royal Bank of Scotland , which is jointly owned with Scottish Equitable Life Assurance Society , provides an attractive range of life assurance , pensions and investment products .
the new life assurance company of the royal bank of scotland , which is jointly owned with scottish equitable life assurance society , [gives] an attractive range of life assurance , pensions and investment products .

The Banking Ombudsman provides a free service , acting independently of banks as an impartial adjudicator . The Ombudsman operates under Terms of Reference which permit him to deal with :
the banking ombudsman [gives] a free service , acting independently of banks as an impartial adjudicator . the ombudsman operates under terms of reference which permit him to deal with :

Sport provides ideal opportunities to achieve these aims , and The Royal Bank of Scotland is a well-established supporter of a wide range of sporting activities at both senior and youth level .
sport [gives] ideal opportunities to achieve these aims , and the royal bank of scotland is a well-established supporter of a wide range of sporting activities at both senior and youth level .

The Region 's policy of positive discrimination is impressive and commendable for the opportunity it provides for the provision of education in deprived areas .
the region 's policy of positive discrimination is impressive and commendable for the opportunity it [gives] for the provision of education in deprived areas .

71 ) , was almost certainly planned as a whole but , nevertheless , provides a useful illustration of these considerations .
71 ) , was almost certainly planned as a whole but , nevertheless , [gives] a useful illustration of these considerations .

It is the quality and effect of the design in the central panel , however , which provides the closest parallel with the Middleborough mosaic .
it is the quality and effect of the design in the central panel , however , which [gives] the closest parallel with the middleborough mosaic .

As mentioned above , Lydney Park provides a terminus post quem of 367 for the mosaics excavated by Bathurst and King ( pls .
as mentioned above , lydney park [gives] a terminus post quem of 367 for the mosaics excavated by bathurst and king ( pls .

63a ) provides convincing evidence of date , or of details of decoration which are comparable with other mosaics in the region .
63a ) [gives] convincing evidence of date , or of details of decoration which are comparable with other mosaics in the region .

This mosaic provides even fewer indications of date than does that from Wemberham .
this mosaic [gives] even fewer indications of date than does that from wemberham .

It is from Chedworth , a site which provides evidence of some mosaics of integral group ( a ) , that one of the earliest saltire designs is known .
it is from chedworth , a site which [gives] evidence of some mosaics of integral group ( a ) , that one of the earliest saltire designs is known .

Further , such a view provides a nice parallel with semantics : for just as a semantic theory is concerned , say , with the recursive assignment of truth conditions to well-formed formulae , so pragmatics is concerned with the recursive assignment of appropriateness conditions to the same set of sentences with their semantic interpretations In other words , a pragmatic theory should in principle predict for each and every well-formed sentence of a language , on a particular semantic reading , the set of contexts in which it would be appropriate .
further , such a view [gives] a nice parallel with semantics : for just as a semantic theory is concerned , say , with the recursive assignment of truth conditions to well-formed formulae , so pragmatics is concerned with the recursive assignment of appropriateness conditions to the same set of sentences with their semantic interpretations in other words , a pragmatic theory should in principle predict for each and every well-formed sentence of a language , on a particular semantic reading , the set of contexts in which it would be appropriate .

For in common with all extensional definitions , it provides no criteria for the inclusion or exclusion of further phenomena that may come to our attention ; at best one can say that what warrants pragmatic treatment for some new topic is simply linguists ' consensus based on intuitive `` family resemblance `` to more familiar pragmatic topics .
for in common with all extensional definitions , it [gives] no criteria for the inclusion or exclusion of further phenomena that may come to our attention ; at best one can say that what warrants pragmatic treatment for some new topic is simply linguists ' consensus based on intuitive `` family resemblance `` to more familiar pragmatic topics .

Let us take a simple three-sentence exchange between two parties , and ask what information it provides us with above and beyond what might be given by the semantic content of the component sentences .
let us take a simple three-sentence exchange between two parties , and ask what information it [gives] us with above and beyond what might be given by the semantic content of the component sentences .

In this connection , Lyons ( 1975 ) proposes that deictic reference is ontogenetically prior to other kinds of reference , and provides the basis for their acquisition ( but see Tanz , 1980 ) .
in this connection , lyons ( 1975 ) proposes that deictic reference is ontogenetically prior to other kinds of reference , and [gives] the basis for their acquisition ( but see tanz , 1980 ) .

This maxim provides some of the most interesting of the standard implicatures .
this maxim [gives] some of the most interesting of the standard implicatures .

This document provides a brief account of just a few of the important discoveries and medical advances which have been achieved as a result of such work , discoveries and advances which have benefited animals as well as people .
this document [gives] a brief account of just a few of the important discoveries and medical advances which have been achieved as a result of such work , discoveries and advances which have benefited animals as well as people .

The work is additionally important in that it provides sensitive methods of assessing the effectiveness of new drugs which are designed to improve memory in diseases such as senile dementia .
the work is additionally important in that it [gives] sensitive methods of assessing the effectiveness of new drugs which are designed to improve memory in diseases such as senile dementia .

Satellite link-up provides climate clues
satellite link-up [gives] climate clues

United Distillers has a worldwide network of distributors , which provides sales and marketing support for its brands in every country .
united distillers has a worldwide network of distributors , which [gives] sales and marketing support for its brands in every country .

The new group provides a valuable new resource for those turning to law later in their careers as well as to the College 's undergraduates and post-graduates .
the new group [gives] a valuable new resource for those turning to law later in their careers as well as to the college 's undergraduates and post-graduates .

New legislation in the German state of Bavaria provides for a sophisticated system of recycling rubbish .
new legislation in the german state of bavaria [gives] for a sophisticated system of recycling rubbish .

The University provides an excellent range of facilities for computation .
the university [gives] an excellent range of facilities for computation .

Originally drawn up in 1959 , the Antarctic Treaty provides an international framework for human activities in the area .
originally drawn up in 1959 , the antarctic treaty [gives] an international framework for human activities in the area .

The Henley Work Forum carries out research , holds regular meetings to discuss findings and provides a focus for networking and information dissemination .
the henley work forum carries out research , holds regular meetings to discuss findings and [gives] a focus for networking and information dissemination .

In other words , he provides a systematic model of comparing readers ' intuitions .
in other words , he [gives] a systematic model of comparing readers ' intuitions .

The network thus provides a relatively systematic means of comparing intuitions about texts .
the network thus [gives] a relatively systematic means of comparing intuitions about texts .

This occurs where an offeror provides cash out of its own resources to supplement a cash underwritten alternative .
this occurs where an offeror [gives] cash out of its own resources to supplement a cash underwritten alternative .

The London Stock Exchange invariably requires that a company seeking a listing provides in its articles of association that its shares will be free from any restriction on the right of transfer and free from any lien ( see the Yellow Book , section 1 , chapter 2 , para 4 and section 9 , chapter 1 , para 1.2 ) .
the london stock exchange invariably requires that a company seeking a listing [gives] in its articles of association that its shares will be free from any restriction on the right of transfer and free from any lien ( see the yellow book , section 1 , chapter 2 , para 4 and section 9 , chapter 1 , para 1.2 ) .

The definition of associate contained in the Code ( see para 1.2 above ) commences with a general description and then provides a list of persons who will normally be presumed to be associates .
the definition of associate contained in the code ( see para 1.2 above ) commences with a general description and then [gives] a list of persons who will normally be presumed to be associates .

Rule 37.1 provides that where a company redeems or purchases its own voting shares , with the result that the directors and any persons acting in concert with them hold 30 per cent or more of the voting rights , then a Rule 9 obligation to make a mandatory offer arises .
rule 37.1 [gives] that where a company redeems or purchases its own voting shares , with the result that the directors and any persons acting in concert with them hold 30 per cent or more of the voting rights , then a rule 9 obligation to make a mandatory offer arises .

( a ) the Code provides wider protection than most statutory frameworks in other countries , which tend to be more rigid ;
( a ) the code [gives] wider protection than most statutory frameworks in other countries , which tend to be more rigid ;

( 2 ) Rule 35.2 provides that the restrictions in Rule 35.1 apply equally following a partial offer which could result in a holding of 30 per cent or more but not in excess of 50 per cent whether or not the offer has become , or been declared , wholly unconditional ( see 15.1 and 15.2 below ) .
( 2 ) rule 35.2 [gives] that the restrictions in rule 35.1 apply equally following a partial offer which could result in a holding of 30 per cent or more but not in excess of 50 per cent whether or not the offer has become , or been declared , wholly unconditional ( see 15.1 and 15.2 below ) .

( g ) one disadvantage with convertible loan stock is that there can be a tendency for stockholders to convert when profits and share prices are rising ( thus diluting the equity profit of existing ordinary shareholders and depriving them of the advantage of the cheaper gearing which such stock provides ) and to retain the stock when profits and share prices are falling , thus maintaining the debt burden of the company at a time when it may be least able to service it ; and
( g ) one disadvantage with convertible loan stock is that there can be a tendency for stockholders to convert when profits and share prices are rising ( thus diluting the equity profit of existing ordinary shareholders and depriving them of the advantage of the cheaper gearing which such stock [gives] ) and to retain the stock when profits and share prices are falling , thus maintaining the debt burden of the company at a time when it may be least able to service it ; and

For instance , if loan stock is issued with warrants when profits and share prices are rising , the exercise of the warrants will introduce further equity funds into the company whilst maintaining the higher gearing which the loan stock provides ( as distinct from convertible loan stock which has the effect of withdrawing the cheaper gearing on conversion into equity ) .
for instance , if loan stock is issued with warrants when profits and share prices are rising , the exercise of the warrants will introduce further equity funds into the company whilst maintaining the higher gearing which the loan stock [gives] ( as distinct from convertible loan stock which has the effect of withdrawing the cheaper gearing on conversion into equity ) .

In addition , Rule 20.1 ( see para 12.2.1 below ) provides that particular care must be taken not to release new material in interviews or discussions with the media .
in addition , rule 20.1 ( see para 12.2.1 below ) [gives] that particular care must be taken not to release new material in interviews or discussions with the media .

Rule 3.1 provides that the board of the target must obtain competent independent advice on any offer and the substance of that advice must be made known to its shareholders .
rule 3.1 [gives] that the board of the target must obtain competent independent advice on any offer and the substance of that advice must be made known to its shareholders .

1.2 `` the Tenant `` does not include any successors in title of the Tenant Unless the agreement provides otherwise , privity of contract will ensure that the original parties remain in a contractual relationship inter se to the extent of their obligations under the agreement .
1.2 `` the tenant `` does not include any successors in title of the tenant unless the agreement [gives] otherwise , privity of contract will ensure that the original parties remain in a contractual relationship inter se to the extent of their obligations under the agreement .

1.17 `` Rent Commencement Date `` means the date falling after the Possession Date This provides for the tenant to be granted a rent free period .
1.17 `` rent commencement date `` means the date falling after the possession date this [gives] for the tenant to be granted a rent free period .

This section provides that the terms which the parties have agreed in respect of a disposition of an interest in land must be incorporated in one document either by being set out in the document or by reference to another document .
this section [gives] that the terms which the parties have agreed in respect of a disposition of an interest in land must be incorporated in one document either by being set out in the document or by reference to another document .

5.9.9.3 where the underlease provides such an option not to agree that the third party determining the rent in default of agreement shall act as an arbitrator or as an expert without the approval of the Landlord
5.9.9.3 where the underlease [gives] such an option not to agree that the third party determining the rent in default of agreement shall act as an arbitrator or as an expert without the approval of the landlord

It should also be remembered that s 19 ( l ) ( a ) of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1927 provides that where there is a covenant , condition or agreement against assigning , underletting , charging or parting with possession of the premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , this is deemed to be subject to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld .
it should also be remembered that s 19 ( l ) ( a ) of the landlord and tenant act 1927 [gives] that where there is a covenant , condition or agreement against assigning , underletting , charging or parting with possession of the premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , this is deemed to be subject to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld .

9.6 Rights easements etc The [ operation of the Law of Property Act 1925 Section 62 shall be excluded from this Lease and the only rights granted to the Tenant are those expressly set out in this Lease [ and such further ancillary rights that arise under the general law or by necessary implication ] and the Tenant shall not by virtue of this Lease be deemed to have acquired or be entitled to and the ] Tenant shall not during the Term acquire or become entitled by any means whatever to any easement from or over or affecting any other land or Premises now or at any time after the date of this Lease belonging to the Landlord and not comprised in this Lease Section 62 of the Law of Property Act 1925 provides that a lease is deemed to include , in the absence of any contrary intention , all easements , rights and advantages appertaining or reputed to appertain to the premises at the time of the lease .
9.6 rights easements etc the [ operation of the law of property act 1925 section 62 shall be excluded from this lease and the only rights granted to the tenant are those expressly set out in this lease [ and such further ancillary rights that arise under the general law or by necessary implication ] and the tenant shall not by virtue of this lease be deemed to have acquired or be entitled to and the ] tenant shall not during the term acquire or become entitled by any means whatever to any easement from or over or affecting any other land or premises now or at any time after the date of this lease belonging to the landlord and not comprised in this lease section 62 of the law of property act 1925 [gives] that a lease is deemed to include , in the absence of any contrary intention , all easements , rights and advantages appertaining or reputed to appertain to the premises at the time of the lease .

Unfortunately , although the Act provides a definition of `` consumer `` , it provides no definition of `` written standard terms of business `` .
unfortunately , although the act [gives] a definition of `` consumer `` , it [gives] no definition of `` written standard terms of business `` .

Where one party enters into a contract as a consumer , or on the other contracting party 's written standard terms of business , so that s3 applies , the Act provides ( in s3(2) ) that " the other " ( ie the non-consumer , or the party on whose written standard terms the contract is made ) can not by reference to any contract term — ( a ) when himself in breach of contract , exclude or restrict any liability of his in respect of such breach ; or ( b ) claim to be entitled — ( i ) to render a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected of him , or ( ii ) in respect of the whole or any part of his contractual obligation , to render no performance at all , except in so far as … the contract term satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .
where one party enters into a contract as a consumer , or on the other contracting party 's written standard terms of business , so that s3 applies , the act [gives] ( in s3(2) ) that " the other " ( ie the non-consumer , or the party on whose written standard terms the contract is made ) can not by reference to any contract term — ( a ) when himself in breach of contract , exclude or restrict any liability of his in respect of such breach ; or ( b ) claim to be entitled — ( i ) to render a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected of him , or ( ii ) in respect of the whole or any part of his contractual obligation , to render no performance at all , except in so far as … the contract term satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .

Section 13 ( 1 ) provides that : To the extent that this Part of this Act prevents the exclusion or restriction of any liability it also prevents — ( a ) making the liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions ; ( b ) excluding or restricting any right or remedy in respect of the liability , or subjecting a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any such right or remedy .
section 13 ( 1 ) [gives] that : to the extent that this part of this act prevents the exclusion or restriction of any liability it also prevents — ( a ) making the liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions ; ( b ) excluding or restricting any right or remedy in respect of the liability , or subjecting a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any such right or remedy .

Thus s61 of the Law of Property Act 1925 provides that in all … contracts … made or coming into operation after the commencement of this Act , unless the context otherwise requires — ( a ) `` Month `` means calendar month ; ( b ) `` Person `` includes a corporation ; ( c ) The singular includes the plural and vice versa ; ( d ) The masculine includes the feminine and vice versa .
thus s61 of the law of property act 1925 [gives] that in all … contracts … made or coming into operation after the commencement of this act , unless the context otherwise requires — ( a ) `` month `` means calendar month ; ( b ) `` person `` includes a corporation ; ( c ) the singular includes the plural and vice versa ; ( d ) the masculine includes the feminine and vice versa .

For instance : `` intellectual property rights `` means copyright , design right and moral rights provides an exclusive definition of the phrase `` intellectual property rights `` ; patents , trade marks and confidential information would be excluded .
for instance : `` intellectual property rights `` means copyright , design right and moral rights [gives] an exclusive definition of the phrase `` intellectual property rights `` ; patents , trade marks and confidential information would be excluded .

However , `` intellectual property rights `` includes copyright , design right and moral rights does not provide an exclusive definition ; it merely provides clarification by saying that the three rights listed are included in the definition .
however , `` intellectual property rights `` includes copyright , design right and moral rights does not provide an exclusive definition ; it merely [gives] clarification by saying that the three rights listed are included in the definition .

Section 26 provides that the Act does not apply to `` international supply contracts `` as defined .
section 26 [gives] that the act does not apply to `` international supply contracts `` as defined .

However , the ambit of the Act is extended by s13 which provides that to the extent that the Act applies the exclusion or restriction of liability , it also applies to clauses which : ( a ) make " any liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions " , such as time limit clauses requiring notification of claims , or commencement of proceedings , within a limited time ; ( b ) exclude or restrict " any right or remedy in respect of the liability " , such as clauses : ( i ) excluding the right of a buyer to reject goods , terminate a contract or exercise a right of set-off , or ( ii ) requiring a customer to accept repair or replacement from the supplier ; ( c ) subject " a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any right or remedy " ; ( d ) exclude or restrict any rules of evidence or procedure , such as clauses : ( i ) making certificates of quality conclusive evidence that goods correspond with the contract , ( ii ) making one party 's record of a transaction conclusive evidence of the facts recorded , ( iii ) requiring certain evidence in order to obtain particular remedies — eg " no refunds without receipt " .
however , the ambit of the act is extended by s13 which [gives] that to the extent that the act applies the exclusion or restriction of liability , it also applies to clauses which : ( a ) make " any liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions " , such as time limit clauses requiring notification of claims , or commencement of proceedings , within a limited time ; ( b ) exclude or restrict " any right or remedy in respect of the liability " , such as clauses : ( i ) excluding the right of a buyer to reject goods , terminate a contract or exercise a right of set-off , or ( ii ) requiring a customer to accept repair or replacement from the supplier ; ( c ) subject " a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any right or remedy " ; ( d ) exclude or restrict any rules of evidence or procedure , such as clauses : ( i ) making certificates of quality conclusive evidence that goods correspond with the contract , ( ii ) making one party 's record of a transaction conclusive evidence of the facts recorded , ( iii ) requiring certain evidence in order to obtain particular remedies — eg " no refunds without receipt " .

That section applies to terms in guarantees and provides that a person can not , by reference to a term in a guarantee of goods of a type ordinarily supplied for private use or consumption , exclude or restrict liability for any loss or damage caused by the goods proving defective whilst in consumer use as a result of negligence in manufacture .
that section applies to terms in guarantees and [gives] that a person can not , by reference to a term in a guarantee of goods of a type ordinarily supplied for private use or consumption , exclude or restrict liability for any loss or damage caused by the goods proving defective whilst in consumer use as a result of negligence in manufacture .

Section 3(2) provides that a person dealing with a consumer , or contracting on his/her own written standard terms : can not by reference to any contract term — ( a ) when himself in breach of contract , exclude or restrict any liability of his in respect of the breach ; or ( b ) claim to be entitled — ( i ) to render a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected of him , or ( ii ) in respect of the whole or any part of his contractual obligation , to render no performance at all , except in so far as … the contract term satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .
section 3(2) [gives] that a person dealing with a consumer , or contracting on his/her own written standard terms : can not by reference to any contract term — ( a ) when himself in breach of contract , exclude or restrict any liability of his in respect of the breach ; or ( b ) claim to be entitled — ( i ) to render a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected of him , or ( ii ) in respect of the whole or any part of his contractual obligation , to render no performance at all , except in so far as … the contract term satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .

Where the Act applies a reasonableness test it generally provides that a party can not exclude or restrict liability `` except in so far as the term satisfies the test of reasonableness `` ( ss2 , 3 , 4 ) or that liability can be excluded or restricted `` but only in so far as the term satisfies the test of reasonableness `` ( ss6 , 7 ) .
where the act applies a reasonableness test it generally [gives] that a party can not exclude or restrict liability `` except in so far as the term satisfies the test of reasonableness `` ( ss2 , 3 , 4 ) or that liability can be excluded or restricted `` but only in so far as the term satisfies the test of reasonableness `` ( ss6 , 7 ) .

The introductory narratorial simile provides essential guidance to the reader ; its disappearance reminds us that the peoples ' limited linguistic resources do not permit comparison .
the introductory narratorial simile [gives] essential guidance to the reader ; its disappearance reminds us that the peoples ' limited linguistic resources do not permit comparison .

The first chapter of the book provides an introductory discussion of the nature , prominent features and merits of popular fiction as these emerge through an extensive comparison with serious ( classical ) literature .
the first chapter of the book [gives] an introductory discussion of the nature , prominent features and merits of popular fiction as these emerge through an extensive comparison with serious ( classical ) literature .

This simply requires the seller to tick the appropriate box , and provides the range of practical information that was previously contained on the preliminary enquiries forms as produced by various law stationers .
this simply requires the seller to tick the appropriate box , and [gives] the range of practical information that was previously contained on the preliminary enquiries forms as produced by various law stationers .

There are , of course , one or two insurance companies who offer an insurance scheme that avoids the need to make the payment of any deposit , but that , upon payment of a premium , provides a guarantee to the seller 's conveyancer that should the transaction not proceed , then the appropriate 10 % will be made available in the course of forfeiture becoming a legal possibility under the terms of the contract .
there are , of course , one or two insurance companies who offer an insurance scheme that avoids the need to make the payment of any deposit , but that , upon payment of a premium , [gives] a guarantee to the seller 's conveyancer that should the transaction not proceed , then the appropriate 10 % will be made available in the course of forfeiture becoming a legal possibility under the terms of the contract .

For example , ensure that the undertaking provides for payment to the bank out of monies coming to your hands ; then if , for some reason beyond your control , you do n't receive the purchase monies this condition wo n't have been fulfilled , and you will be exempt from the obligation to pay .
for example , ensure that the undertaking [gives] for payment to the bank out of monies coming to your hands ; then if , for some reason beyond your control , you do n't receive the purchase monies this condition wo n't have been fulfilled , and you will be exempt from the obligation to pay .

Standard Condition 2.2 now deals with the payment of deposits and provides for a 10 % deposit to be taken .
standard condition 2.2 now deals with the payment of deposits and [gives] for a 10 % deposit to be taken .

Standard Condition 6.6.5 provides that where a deposit of less than 10 % is taken on exchange , the balance of the 10 % becomes payable immediately on service of a notice to complete .
standard condition 6.6.5 [gives] that where a deposit of less than 10 % is taken on exchange , the balance of the 10 % becomes payable immediately on service of a notice to complete .

Finally , the condition provides that interest shall be paid on stakeholder deposits to the seller on completion .
finally , the condition [gives] that interest shall be paid on stakeholder deposits to the seller on completion .

Caution against dealings provides that a third party claiming an interest such as the courts would enforce , shall be notified of any proposed dealing with the land so that he or she might challenge it .
caution against dealings [gives] that a third party claiming an interest such as the courts would enforce , shall be notified of any proposed dealing with the land so that he or she might challenge it .

3 Whether the employer impressed on the employee the confidentiality of the information Thus , though an employer can not prevent the use or disclosure merely by telling the employee that certain information is confidential , the attitude of the employer towards the information provides evidence that may assist in determining whether or not the information can properly be regarded as a business secret .
3 whether the employer impressed on the employee the confidentiality of the information thus , though an employer can not prevent the use or disclosure merely by telling the employee that certain information is confidential , the attitude of the employer towards the information [gives] evidence that may assist in determining whether or not the information can properly be regarded as a business secret .

There shall be a strong emphasis on sale in this work because it provides the model for other supply contracts .
there shall be a strong emphasis on sale in this work because it [gives] the model for other supply contracts .

Section 3 of the 1969 Act provides that the seller may avoid the contract , recover the goods and , in default , any loss he has suffered , the parties to the ring being jointly and severally liable to him ( s3 ( 2 ) ) .
section 3 of the 1969 act [gives] that the seller may avoid the contract , recover the goods and , in default , any loss he has suffered , the parties to the ring being jointly and severally liable to him ( s3 ( 2 ) ) .

The Misrepresentation Act 1967 provides considerable protection for the buyer .
the misrepresentation act 1967 [gives] considerable protection for the buyer .

Indeed in Ireland , questions of safety for road users explains the incorporation of s13 ( 2 ) of the Irish Sale and Supply of Goods Act 1980 which provides that , except where the buyer is a dealer in motor vehicles , `` there is an implied condition that , at the time of the delivery of the vehicle under the contract , it is free from any defect which would render it a danger to the public , including persons travelling in the vehicle `` .
indeed in ireland , questions of safety for road users explains the incorporation of s13 ( 2 ) of the irish sale and supply of goods act 1980 which [gives] that , except where the buyer is a dealer in motor vehicles , `` there is an implied condition that , at the time of the delivery of the vehicle under the contract , it is free from any defect which would render it a danger to the public , including persons travelling in the vehicle `` .

Section 4 ( 1 ) ( f ) provides : ( f ) that the defect ( i ) constituted a defect in a product ( `` the subsequent product `` ) in which the product in question had been comprised ; and ( ii ) was wholly attributable to the design of the subsequent product or to compliance by the producer of the product in question with instructions given by the producer of the subsequent product .
section 4 ( 1 ) ( f ) [gives] : ( f ) that the defect ( i ) constituted a defect in a product ( `` the subsequent product `` ) in which the product in question had been comprised ; and ( ii ) was wholly attributable to the design of the subsequent product or to compliance by the producer of the product in question with instructions given by the producer of the subsequent product .

The general safety requirement is encapsulated in s10 ( 2 ) which provides : ( 2 ) For the purposes of this section consumer goods fail to comply with the general safety requirement if they are nor reasonably safe having regard to all the circumstances , including ( a ) the manner in which , and purposes for which , the goods are being or would be marketed , the get-up of the goods , the use of any mark in relation to the goods and any instructions or warnings which are given or would be given with respect to the keeping , use or consumption of the goods ; ( b ) any standards of safety published by any person either for goods of a description which applies to the goods in question or for matters relating to goods of that description ; and ( c ) the existence of any means by which it would have been reasonable ( taking into account the cost , likelihood and extent of any improvement ) for the goods to have been made safer . ``
the general safety requirement is encapsulated in s10 ( 2 ) which [gives] : ( 2 ) for the purposes of this section consumer goods fail to comply with the general safety requirement if they are nor reasonably safe having regard to all the circumstances , including ( a ) the manner in which , and purposes for which , the goods are being or would be marketed , the get-up of the goods , the use of any mark in relation to the goods and any instructions or warnings which are given or would be given with respect to the keeping , use or consumption of the goods ; ( b ) any standards of safety published by any person either for goods of a description which applies to the goods in question or for matters relating to goods of that description ; and ( c ) the existence of any means by which it would have been reasonable ( taking into account the cost , likelihood and extent of any improvement ) for the goods to have been made safer . ``

Section 3 provides that a false trade description is one of material degree and this includes statements which , although literally true , are nevertheless misleading ( s3 ( 2 ) ) .
section 3 [gives] that a false trade description is one of material degree and this includes statements which , although literally true , are nevertheless misleading ( s3 ( 2 ) ) .

The play text of Professional Foul begins with an extensive set of stage directions , among which Stoppard provides the reader with some brief descriptions of Anderson .
the play text of professional foul begins with an extensive set of stage directions , among which stoppard [gives] the reader with some brief descriptions of anderson .

Examining Anderson 's linguistic performance thus provides some major insights into the development of Anderson 's character through the action of the play .
examining anderson 's linguistic performance thus [gives] some major insights into the development of anderson 's character through the action of the play .

Having consumed two lengthy paragraphs of structural information , the reader is assured , `` All this provides useful information which we need to keep in mind as we move towards a more linguistic analysis of the poem `` .
having consumed two lengthy paragraphs of structural information , the reader is assured , `` all this [gives] useful information which we need to keep in mind as we move towards a more linguistic analysis of the poem `` .

Rule 5 — 30(1) provides that a firm must not recommend a transaction to a private customer or act as a discretionary manager unless it has taken reasonable steps to enable the private customer to understand the nature of the risks involved .
rule 5 — 30(1) [gives] that a firm must not recommend a transaction to a private customer or act as a discretionary manager unless it has taken reasonable steps to enable the private customer to understand the nature of the risks involved .

Rule 5 – 44 provides that a firm must not effect , arrange or recommend a contingent liability transaction with , for or to a private customer unless : ( a ) the transaction is made on-exchange ; or ( b ) the firm believes on reasonable grounds that the purpose of the transaction is to hedge against currency risks involved in a position which the customer holds .
rule 5 – 44 [gives] that a firm must not effect , arrange or recommend a contingent liability transaction with , for or to a private customer unless : ( a ) the transaction is made on-exchange ; or ( b ) the firm believes on reasonable grounds that the purpose of the transaction is to hedge against currency risks involved in a position which the customer holds .

Rule 5 – 43 provides that a firm must not make a personal recommendation to a private customer to deal , or arrange a deal in the exercise of discretion for any customer , if the dealing would reasonably be regarded as too frequent in the circumstances .
rule 5 – 43 [gives] that a firm must not make a personal recommendation to a private customer to deal , or arrange a deal in the exercise of discretion for any customer , if the dealing would reasonably be regarded as too frequent in the circumstances .

In many cases where a firm provides corporate finance services to an issuer of investments , it may make offers to or enter into transactions with prospective investors .
in many cases where a firm [gives] corporate finance services to an issuer of investments , it may make offers to or enter into transactions with prospective investors .

The essential feature of the family centre is that it provides a service to the whole family and not just the child although family centres may also provide other child-centred services such as day care , out-of-school activities and child health clinics .
the essential feature of the family centre is that it [gives] a service to the whole family and not just the child although family centres may also provide other child-centred services such as day care , out-of-school activities and child health clinics .

The concept of significant harm is fundamental to the Act and provides a threshold for legal intervention .
the concept of significant harm is fundamental to the act and [gives] a threshold for legal intervention .

The case conference provides a forum for sharing information and taking advice .
the case conference [gives] a forum for sharing information and taking advice .

It provides an opportunity to resolve important practical issues relating to the conduct of the case .
it [gives] an opportunity to resolve important practical issues relating to the conduct of the case .

The rules of evidence which apply to proceedings in the High Court , county court and family proceedings court apply to proceedings under the Children Act 1989 except where the Act provides otherwise .
the rules of evidence which apply to proceedings in the high court , county court and family proceedings court apply to proceedings under the children act 1989 except where the act [gives] otherwise .

Section 663 provides that where there is a settlement , and during the life of the settlor any income is paid to or for the benefit of a child of the settlor in any year of assessment , the income shall , if at the time of payment the child is unmarried and below the age of 18 , be treated as the settlor 's income and not the income of any other person .
section 663 [gives] that where there is a settlement , and during the life of the settlor any income is paid to or for the benefit of a child of the settlor in any year of assessment , the income shall , if at the time of payment the child is unmarried and below the age of 18 , be treated as the settlor 's income and not the income of any other person .

Section 743 ( 4 ) provides that where an individual has been charged to income tax on any income deemed to be his by virtue of s739 and that income is subsequently received by him , it shall be deemed not to form part of his income again for the purposes of the income tax acts .
section 743 ( 4 ) [gives] that where an individual has been charged to income tax on any income deemed to be his by virtue of s739 and that income is subsequently received by him , it shall be deemed not to form part of his income again for the purposes of the income tax acts .

Section 743 ( 4 ) provides , specifically , for relief from double taxation : Where an individual has been charged to income tax on any income deemed to be his by virtue of section 739 and that income is subsequently received by him , it shall be deemed not to form part of his income again for the purposes of the Income Tax Acts .
section 743 ( 4 ) [gives] , specifically , for relief from double taxation : where an individual has been charged to income tax on any income deemed to be his by virtue of section 739 and that income is subsequently received by him , it shall be deemed not to form part of his income again for the purposes of the income tax acts .

The first limb provides that if the recipient is domiciled outside the United Kingdom and the benefit is not received in the United Kingdom then the recipient shall not be chargeable to tax by reference to relevant income which is such that if he had received it he would not by reason of his being so domiciled have been chargeable to tax in respect of it .
the first limb [gives] that if the recipient is domiciled outside the united kingdom and the benefit is not received in the united kingdom then the recipient shall not be chargeable to tax by reference to relevant income which is such that if he had received it he would not by reason of his being so domiciled have been chargeable to tax in respect of it .

Section 268 ( 1 ) provides that associated operations means any two or more operations of any kind , being : ( 1 ) operations which affect the same property , or one of which affects some property and the other or others of which affect property which represents , whether directly or indirectly , that property , or income arising from that property , or any property representing accumulations of any such income ; or ( 2 ) any two operations of which one is effected with reference to the other , or with a view to enabling the other to be effected , or facilitating it being effected , and any further operations having a like relation to any of those two , and so on whether those operations are effected by the same person or different persons , and whether or not they are simultaneous .
section 268 ( 1 ) [gives] that associated operations means any two or more operations of any kind , being : ( 1 ) operations which affect the same property , or one of which affects some property and the other or others of which affect property which represents , whether directly or indirectly , that property , or income arising from that property , or any property representing accumulations of any such income ; or ( 2 ) any two operations of which one is effected with reference to the other , or with a view to enabling the other to be effected , or facilitating it being effected , and any further operations having a like relation to any of those two , and so on whether those operations are effected by the same person or different persons , and whether or not they are simultaneous .

For those who want to operate `` student-centred learning `` , this work provides a good starting-place , for it is a workbook , not a study guide .
for those who want to operate `` student-centred learning `` , this work [gives] a good starting-place , for it is a workbook , not a study guide .

For example , Activity 47 ( p. 101 ) , `` Working with Scalar Paradigms `` , provides a place for considering the role of value-judgements and obliges the reader to relate them to specific textual features .
for example , activity 47 ( p. 101 ) , `` working with scalar paradigms `` , [gives] a place for considering the role of value-judgements and obliges the reader to relate them to specific textual features .

Briefly it provides that this must be done in accordance with the contract terms .
briefly it [gives] that this must be done in accordance with the contract terms .

In a sense Lecercle ( whose own name doubtless encouraged him to consider the surplus meanings language provides ) is sticking up for parole , the language as she is spoke ( or written ) . ``
in a sense lecercle ( whose own name doubtless encouraged him to consider the surplus meanings language [gives] ) is sticking up for parole , the language as she is spoke ( or written ) . ``

An appeals procedure to local committees provides for those who believe they may have been unfairly excluded .
an appeals procedure to local committees [gives] for those who believe they may have been unfairly excluded .

This provides a fresh approach and a challenge to the lawyer who inherits the case .
this [gives] a fresh approach and a challenge to the lawyer who inherits the case .

It no longer provides a separate quantum library , making it useless for searching for quantum for common injuries such as a broken limb .
it no longer [gives] a separate quantum library , making it useless for searching for quantum for common injuries such as a broken limb .

Order 62 , r8 provides that in the normal course costs will only be paid at the end of a matter , but there are exceptions .
order 62 , r8 [gives] that in the normal course costs will only be paid at the end of a matter , but there are exceptions .

The guide provides three simple checklists of what information should be given at the first appointment , during and at the end of the case .
the guide [gives] three simple checklists of what information should be given at the first appointment , during and at the end of the case .

The following case provides a recent example of a `` malicious falsehood `` injunction where a libel injunction could not have been granted : Gordon Kaye , star of the television company Allo Allo , was taken to hospital after sustaining serious head injuries .
the following case [gives] a recent example of a `` malicious falsehood `` injunction where a libel injunction could not have been granted : gordon kaye , star of the television company allo allo , was taken to hospital after sustaining serious head injuries .

American law , for example , provides a special `` public figure `` defence : however inaccurate a speculation about the conduct of a person in the public eye , the journalists who make it will not be liable unless they have acted maliciously .
american law , for example , [gives] a special `` public figure `` defence : however inaccurate a speculation about the conduct of a person in the public eye , the journalists who make it will not be liable unless they have acted maliciously .

Section 5 of the 1952 Defamation Act provides that the defence of justification shall not founder by failure to prove every charge , `` if the words not proved to be true do not materially injure the plaintiff 's reputation , having regard to the truth of the remaining charges `` .
section 5 of the 1952 defamation act [gives] that the defence of justification shall not founder by failure to prove every charge , `` if the words not proved to be true do not materially injure the plaintiff 's reputation , having regard to the truth of the remaining charges `` .

History The history of obscenity provides a rich and comic tapestry on the futility of legal attempts to control sexual imagination .
history the history of obscenity [gives] a rich and comic tapestry on the futility of legal attempts to control sexual imagination .

This is further emphasised by s2 ( 6 ) of the Act , which provides that in any prosecution for publishing an obscene article , `` the question whether an article is obscene shall be determined without regard to any publication by another person , unless it could reasonably have been expected that the publication by the other person would follow from the publication by the person charged . ``
this is further emphasised by s2 ( 6 ) of the act , which [gives] that in any prosecution for publishing an obscene article , `` the question whether an article is obscene shall be determined without regard to any publication by another person , unless it could reasonably have been expected that the publication by the other person would follow from the publication by the person charged . ``

The octave of a Petrarchan sonnet , for example , usually presents a problem and an expectation of its resolution , which the sestet then provides .
the octave of a petrarchan sonnet , for example , usually presents a problem and an expectation of its resolution , which the sestet then [gives] .

The use of a function call to incorporate the code provides a neat way of incorporating the macro within the program and allows parameters to be passed to it .
the use of a function call to incorporate the code [gives] a neat way of incorporating the macro within the program and allows parameters to be passed to it .

The following assembler language " wrap around " provides the minimum acceptable error handling capability .
the following assembler language " wrap around " [gives] the minimum acceptable error handling capability .

The `` Printer Filter `` provides a universal set of print format controls which may be used irrespective of the printer in use .
the `` printer filter `` [gives] a universal set of print format controls which may be used irrespective of the printer in use .

Conventionalism provides one apparently attractive answer to that question .
conventionalism [gives] one apparently attractive answer to that question .

If there is a consensus that the Constitution is the fundamental law , for example , he might argue that this consensus provides an abstract convention whose implicit extension includes the proposition that statutes must be enforced because the best interpretation of the Constitution requires this , even though many lawyers deny it .
if there is a consensus that the constitution is the fundamental law , for example , he might argue that this consensus [gives] an abstract convention whose implicit extension includes the proposition that statutes must be enforced because the best interpretation of the constitution requires this , even though many lawyers deny it .

If it is a matter of delicate legal analysis what the best interpretation of the precedents cited in McLoughlin would require in that case , then any answer provides very weak evidence about which decision would be most popular or most beneficial for the future .
if it is a matter of delicate legal analysis what the best interpretation of the precedents cited in mcloughlin would require in that case , then any answer [gives] very weak evidence about which decision would be most popular or most beneficial for the future .

It provides a near-fatal argument against conventionalism as even a decent interpretation of our practice .
it [gives] a near-fatal argument against conventionalism as even a decent interpretation of our practice .

Which explanation provides the better description of how lawyers and judges treat propositions about legislation that `` go without saying `` ?
which explanation [gives] the better description of how lawyers and judges treat propositions about legislation that `` go without saying `` ?

But once some set of rules has been established in this way , we might well think it more important that these rules be publicly regarded as settled , so that people can plan accordingly , than that they be the best rules that could have been found ; this provides a reason why courts should leave the rule untouched even when they think the wrong choice was made in the first instance . ``
but once some set of rules has been established in this way , we might well think it more important that these rules be publicly regarded as settled , so that people can plan accordingly , than that they be the best rules that could have been found ; this [gives] a reason why courts should leave the rule untouched even when they think the wrong choice was made in the first instance . ``

First , it assumes that pragmatism provides the best explanation of how judges actually decide cases .
first , it assumes that pragmatism [gives] the best explanation of how judges actually decide cases .

The American Constitution provides a federal system : it recognizes states as distinct political communities and assigns them sovereignty over many issues of principle .
the american constitution [gives] a federal system : it recognizes states as distinct political communities and assigns them sovereignty over many issues of principle .

The type of information and the purpose of the exercise of database creation may mean different things but underlying these examples , there is a general concept central to all — that of using a microcomputer to store information in a way which provides rapid , flexible and specific access and which meets the needs of potential users .
the type of information and the purpose of the exercise of database creation may mean different things but underlying these examples , there is a general concept central to all — that of using a microcomputer to store information in a way which [gives] rapid , flexible and specific access and which meets the needs of potential users .

" The heart and soul of a resource collection is not material at all : it lies in the structure of thought it exhibits , in the creative association it provokes and in the opportunities it provides for training the young learner in how to learn and think . "
" the heart and soul of a resource collection is not material at all : it lies in the structure of thought it exhibits , in the creative association it provokes and in the opportunities it [gives] for training the young learner in how to learn and think . "

It provides access to information , the currency of which is not in doubt , something which can not be true of printed guides .
it [gives] access to information , the currency of which is not in doubt , something which can not be true of printed guides .

Where no form is prescribed for a transaction , or a prescribed form can not be conveniently adapted , r75 provides that the instrument shall be in such form as the registrar shall direct or allow but shall follow the approved forms as nearly as possible .
where no form is prescribed for a transaction , or a prescribed form can not be conveniently adapted , r75 [gives] that the instrument shall be in such form as the registrar shall direct or allow but shall follow the approved forms as nearly as possible .

Section 14 ( 4 ) of the Stamp Act 1891 , in effect provides that an instrument not sufficiently stamped shall not be available as evidence in any civil proceedings .
section 14 ( 4 ) of the stamp act 1891 , in effect [gives] that an instrument not sufficiently stamped shall not be available as evidence in any civil proceedings .

( a ) Unregistered land Section 36 ( 2 ) of the Law of Property Act 1925 provides for severance of a joint tenancy either by : ( i ) a notice in writing given by one joint tenant to the other ; or ( ii ) the doing of such other acts or things as would , in the case of personal estate , have been effectual to sever the tenancy in equity .
( a ) unregistered land section 36 ( 2 ) of the law of property act 1925 [gives] for severance of a joint tenancy either by : ( i ) a notice in writing given by one joint tenant to the other ; or ( ii ) the doing of such other acts or things as would , in the case of personal estate , have been effectual to sever the tenancy in equity .

Section 74 of the Land Registration Act 1925 , provides that no person dealing with a registered estate or charge is to be affected with notice of a trust .
section 74 of the land registration act 1925 , [gives] that no person dealing with a registered estate or charge is to be affected with notice of a trust .

Secondly , s11 of the Inheritance Tax Act 1984 provides that a disposition is not a transfer for value for inheritance tax if made by one party to the marriage for the maintenance of the other party .
secondly , s11 of the inheritance tax act 1984 [gives] that a disposition is not a transfer for value for inheritance tax if made by one party to the marriage for the maintenance of the other party .

Similarly the creation of a charge for a fixed amount in favour of the husband , and the repayment of that charge , would not appear to involve any liability for capital gains tax ( Taxation of Chargeable Gains Act 1992 , s251 provides that there is no charge to capital gains tax on repayment of a debt to a creditor ) or inheritance tax .
similarly the creation of a charge for a fixed amount in favour of the husband , and the repayment of that charge , would not appear to involve any liability for capital gains tax ( taxation of chargeable gains act 1992 , s251 [gives] that there is no charge to capital gains tax on repayment of a debt to a creditor ) or inheritance tax .

Section 39 Trustee Act 1925 provides that where a trustee desires to be discharged from the trust and where after his discharge there will be either a trust corporation or at least two individuals to act as trustees , then if the trustee by deed declares that he desires to be discharged and his co-trustees consent , he shall be deemed to have retired from the trust .
section 39 trustee act 1925 [gives] that where a trustee desires to be discharged from the trust and where after his discharge there will be either a trust corporation or at least two individuals to act as trustees , then if the trustee by deed declares that he desires to be discharged and his co-trustees consent , he shall be deemed to have retired from the trust .

However , where a charge is delivered together with an application to register a transfer involving monetary consideration or before the application is completed , Sched 4 , Abatement 1 , provides that no fee is payable for the registration of the charge .
however , where a charge is delivered together with an application to register a transfer involving monetary consideration or before the application is completed , sched 4 , abatement 1 , [gives] that no fee is payable for the registration of the charge .

This provides a conservative basis for the calculation of indirect employment .
this [gives] a conservative basis for the calculation of indirect employment .

Table 3.2 provides the former , breaking down , into sector groups , the key immediate suppliers .
table 3.2 [gives] the former , breaking down , into sector groups , the key immediate suppliers .

Develop a good youth setup which provides cheap talent
develop a good youth setup which [gives] cheap talent

Utilising transverse engines and a front-wheel-drive layout , the Safrane provides maximum cabin space in a compact package .
utilising transverse engines and a front-wheel-drive layout , the safrane [gives] maximum cabin space in a compact package .

Our existing negative planning control provides a valuable check on the market , and would at first sight seem capable of safeguarding our heritage and resolving the conflict between private interests and the public good .
our existing negative planning control [gives] a valuable check on the market , and would at first sight seem capable of safeguarding our heritage and resolving the conflict between private interests and the public good .

The agricultural quality of the land and the need to control the rate at which land is taken for development are among the factors to be considered [ in assessing planning applications affecting agricultural land ] , together with the need to facilitate development and economic activity that provides jobs , and the continuing need to protect the countryside for its own sake rather than primarily for the productive value of the land .
the agricultural quality of the land and the need to control the rate at which land is taken for development are among the factors to be considered [ in assessing planning applications affecting agricultural land ] , together with the need to facilitate development and economic activity that [gives] jobs , and the continuing need to protect the countryside for its own sake rather than primarily for the productive value of the land .

It provides that the secretary of state may designate an area where he may ‘ compile and maintain a register , of land … owned by a public body ’ which , in his opinion , ‘ is not being used or not being sufficiently used ’ .
it [gives] that the secretary of state may designate an area where he may ‘ compile and maintain a register , of land … owned by a public body ’ which , in his opinion , ‘ is not being used or not being sufficiently used ’ .

The legislation also provides a deterrent against deliberate neglect of historic buildings .
the legislation also [gives] a deterrent against deliberate neglect of historic buildings .

Redundant churches are safeguarded by the Pastoral Measure 1983 which provides procedures for deciding whether a church is still required for worship , and , if not , what the future of the building should be .
redundant churches are safeguarded by the pastoral measure 1983 which [gives] procedures for deciding whether a church is still required for worship , and , if not , what the future of the building should be .

Everything requires extra effort and provides less gratification than before .
everything requires extra effort and [gives] less gratification than before .

Gilbert ( 1984 ) provides a valuable summary of many of their approaches .
gilbert ( 1984 ) [gives] a valuable summary of many of their approaches .

Brown and Harris 's model therefore provides a framework within which many of the ideas emanating from different perspectives can be brought together .
brown and harris 's model therefore [gives] a framework within which many of the ideas emanating from different perspectives can be brought together .

Furthermore , in emphasising external social factors in the causal process , it provides the most hopeful model for a consideration of prevention , as social factors may be more readily modified than other contributing factors .
furthermore , in emphasising external social factors in the causal process , it [gives] the most hopeful model for a consideration of prevention , as social factors may be more readily modified than other contributing factors .

It is clear that Brown and Harris 's model of depression provides the most scope for preventive formulations , that it is the most complete model of depression available , and has been most systematically researched .
it is clear that brown and harris 's model of depression [gives] the most scope for preventive formulations , that it is the most complete model of depression available , and has been most systematically researched .

Paykel ( 1979 ) provides a useful model to describe the process by which life events can lead to physical or psychological disorder ( see Figure 4.4 ) .
paykel ( 1979 ) [gives] a useful model to describe the process by which life events can lead to physical or psychological disorder ( see figure 4.4 ) .

Neuroleptic medication provides some kind of protective effect against relapse .
neuroleptic medication [gives] some kind of protective effect against relapse .

Nevertheless , the model does show that a good deal is now known about the illness , and this information provides both promising avenues for future research and implications for preventive intervention .
nevertheless , the model does show that a good deal is now known about the illness , and this information [gives] both promising avenues for future research and implications for preventive intervention .

Raphael ( 1982 ) provides qualitative descriptions of the experiences of thirty-five children aged between two and eight years in twenty families in which either the mother or father had died in the previous two to eight weeks .
raphael ( 1982 ) [gives] qualitative descriptions of the experiences of thirty-five children aged between two and eight years in twenty families in which either the mother or father had died in the previous two to eight weeks .

While evidence that social support in some way short-circuits the illness response to stress is now considerable , the nature of the support and the way in which it provides its effect remain matters for dispute .
while evidence that social support in some way short-circuits the illness response to stress is now considerable , the nature of the support and the way in which it [gives] its effect remain matters for dispute .

Close attachments foster feelings of comfort and security , while investments in the well-being of others provides a rationale for one 's continued striving , a sense of continuity through time , and an opportunity for reliving and mastering unsatisfactory early experiences of one 's own .
close attachments foster feelings of comfort and security , while investments in the well-being of others [gives] a rationale for one 's continued striving , a sense of continuity through time , and an opportunity for reliving and mastering unsatisfactory early experiences of one 's own .

As described earlier , Brown and his colleagues ( 1986a ) have argued that they now have good evidence that the prior existence of a close supportive relationship is protective against depression if that person provides the support expected of them at the time of a crisis .
as described earlier , brown and his colleagues ( 1986a ) have argued that they now have good evidence that the prior existence of a close supportive relationship is protective against depression if that person [gives] the support expected of them at the time of a crisis .

However , the examples also have in common an institutional setting which provides a ready opportunity for mounting large-scale intervention and it may well be more cost-effective in these circumstances to provide a preventive programme for all experiencing the event .
however , the examples also have in common an institutional setting which [gives] a ready opportunity for mounting large-scale intervention and it may well be more cost-effective in these circumstances to provide a preventive programme for all experiencing the event .

The lowest average Reynolds number at which this provides an instability mechanism is again uncertain but is around 5 × 103 .
the lowest average reynolds number at which this [gives] an instability mechanism is again uncertain but is around 5 × 103 .

However , the energy removed by the latter process is directly dissipated , reappearing as heat , whereas the action of the Reynolds stress provides energy for the turbulence .
however , the energy removed by the latter process is directly dissipated , reappearing as heat , whereas the action of the reynolds stress [gives] energy for the turbulence .

( We have here considered one velocity component , but eqn ( 19.2 ) provides immediate extension from the energy associated with components to the energy as a whole .
( we have here considered one velocity component , but eqn ( 19.2 ) [gives] immediate extension from the energy associated with components to the energy as a whole .

This source merely provides a way of marking fluid with minimum dynamical effect .
this source merely [gives] a way of marking fluid with minimum dynamical effect .

21.18 provides immediate evidence for marked organization of the structures ( the point that was illustrated in the case of a wake by Fig .
21.18 [gives] immediate evidence for marked organization of the structures ( the point that was illustrated in the case of a wake by fig .

At somewhat higher Rayleigh number theory still provides much understanding of the observations , but the experiments are less peripheral ; e.g .
at somewhat higher rayleigh number theory still [gives] much understanding of the observations , but the experiments are less peripheral ; e.g .

The demonstration was motivated by theoretical work which provides the real justification for the interpretation given .
the demonstration was motivated by theoretical work which [gives] the real justification for the interpretation given .

For these purposes we will look at experimental observations with a particular system that provides effective illustrations .
for these purposes we will look at experimental observations with a particular system that [gives] effective illustrations .

For example , silicone oils are widely used in convection experiments : they can be obtained with different viscosities , but otherwise similar properties , which provides a convenient method of varying the Prandtl number ; and the viscosity varies with temperature much less than for many fluids .
for example , silicone oils are widely used in convection experiments : they can be obtained with different viscosities , but otherwise similar properties , which [gives] a convenient method of varying the prandtl number ; and the viscosity varies with temperature much less than for many fluids .

The traditional approach , essential before the days of high-powered computers , was to proceed algebraically as far as possible and resort to numerical integration only when there was no alternative ; the Blasius profile integration again provides an example .
the traditional approach , essential before the days of high-powered computers , was to proceed algebraically as far as possible and resort to numerical integration only when there was no alternative ; the blasius profile integration again [gives] an example .

Do you think that gender provides any clues to looking at art ?
do you think that gender [gives] any clues to looking at art ?

The book provides half an answer .
the book [gives] half an answer .

Felicity Edholm 's essay on self portraits by Kathe Kollwitz , Frida Kahlo and Suzanne Valadon provides a useful and systematic approach to issues of gender , spectatorship and women 's representation of the self .
felicity edholm 's essay on self portraits by kathe kollwitz , frida kahlo and suzanne valadon [gives] a useful and systematic approach to issues of gender , spectatorship and women 's representation of the self .

the ratio that provides them with enough liquid assets to enable them to meet any demands for cash .
the ratio that [gives] them with enough liquid assets to enable them to meet any demands for cash .

It provides support to prevent banks getting into difficulties
it [gives] support to prevent banks getting into difficulties

Credit rationing provides a means of directly reducing aggregate demand without having to raise interest rates .
credit rationing [gives] a means of directly reducing aggregate demand without having to raise interest rates .

It is particularly important for covering fruit cakes and cakes with an uneven surface , as it provides a smooth area for the icing and prevents discoloration of the icing by the cake if it is going to be kept for some time .
it is particularly important for covering fruit cakes and cakes with an uneven surface , as it [gives] a smooth area for the icing and prevents discoloration of the icing by the cake if it is going to be kept for some time .

It is particularly suited to fantasy cakes as it is easy to use and provides a soft , smooth surface .
it is particularly suited to fantasy cakes as it is easy to use and [gives] a soft , smooth surface .

Paste colour provides a rich intense shade without thinning down the fondant and marzipan as with liquids .
paste colour [gives] a rich intense shade without thinning down the fondant and marzipan as with liquids .

This requires 3.8 turns from lock-to-lock and provides a small turning circle of just 33.3ft ( 10.15m ) between kerbs and 34.8ft ( 10.6m ) between walls .
this requires 3.8 turns from lock-to-lock and [gives] a small turning circle of just 33.3ft ( 10.15m ) between kerbs and 34.8ft ( 10.6m ) between walls .

Nectar never provides a complete diet for any of these birds , which also eat insects or other animals but , as nectar is replenished as it is removed , birds may defend clumps of nectariferous flowers .
nectar never [gives] a complete diet for any of these birds , which also eat insects or other animals but , as nectar is replenished as it is removed , birds may defend clumps of nectariferous flowers .

Only occasionally do pieces bear a title such as ‘ Concert de flutes ’ which provides even a hint of the instrumentation .
only occasionally do pieces bear a title such as ‘ concert de flutes ’ which [gives] even a hint of the instrumentation .

Les nopces de village provides a typical example of the problems encountered .
les nopces de village [gives] a typical example of the problems encountered .

The oboe band used in the Philidor mascarade mentioned earlier , Le mariage de la Grosse Cathos , provides a possible model for how many players should perform each part .
the oboe band used in the philidor mascarade mentioned earlier , le mariage de la grosse cathos , [gives] a possible model for how many players should perform each part .

It seems at first quite astonishing to learn that neither the inventory in Jacques 's marriage contract nor that made after death provides any evidence that he was a flute-player or maker ; they seem to contradict the generally held view that he was a maker - a view which is supported by an entry in von Uffenbach 's diary which records a visit he paid Jacques in 1715 : ‘ He [ Jacques ] led me into a tidy room and showed me there many beautiful transverse flutes that he himself makes and from which he wishes to gain special profit .
it seems at first quite astonishing to learn that neither the inventory in jacques 's marriage contract nor that made after death [gives] any evidence that he was a flute-player or maker ; they seem to contradict the generally held view that he was a maker - a view which is supported by an entry in von uffenbach 's diary which records a visit he paid jacques in 1715 : ‘ he [ jacques ] led me into a tidy room and showed me there many beautiful transverse flutes that he himself makes and from which he wishes to gain special profit .

Although Jacques retained his title of ‘ flutte du Roi ’ until his death ( it appears on the first page of his inventory , 1763 ) , this provides no clear indication of when he actually stopped performing , since musicians retained titles as property .
although jacques retained his title of ‘ flutte du roi ’ until his death ( it appears on the first page of his inventory , 1763 ) , this [gives] no clear indication of when he actually stopped performing , since musicians retained titles as property .

Even Bononcini provides a further example .
even bononcini [gives] a further example .

Perhaps the English do not know what an immense treasure they possess in having maintained the choral tradition in colleges and churches , since it provides an unsurpassable musical training , an important number of truly fine choirs , and , finally , the possibility to experience ( and for the listener , to enjoy ) repertories that the long-suffering Spanish enthusiast scarcely knows since they are not performed [ in Spain ] .
perhaps the english do not know what an immense treasure they possess in having maintained the choral tradition in colleges and churches , since it [gives] an unsurpassable musical training , an important number of truly fine choirs , and , finally , the possibility to experience ( and for the listener , to enjoy ) repertories that the long-suffering spanish enthusiast scarcely knows since they are not performed [ in spain ] .

Milan , Caroline said to herself with that sudden , strange insight fate often provides .
milan , caroline said to herself with that sudden , strange insight fate often [gives] .

Although the global hypsometric curve provides a valuable statistical summary of the Earth 's relief as a whole it is also necessary to identify the major components of global morphology that give rise to the curve ( Fig .
although the global hypsometric curve [gives] a valuable statistical summary of the earth 's relief as a whole it is also necessary to identify the major components of global morphology that give rise to the curve ( fig .

The west coast of South America provides an example of oceanic lithosphere subduction ( Nazca Plate ) beneath continental lithosphere .
the west coast of south america [gives] an example of oceanic lithosphere subduction ( nazca plate ) beneath continental lithosphere .

The Sunda Arc is discussed by Hamilton ( 1979 ) in a comprehensive study of the whole Indonesian region , while Hamilton ( 1977 ) provides a more concise analysis .
the sunda arc is discussed by hamilton ( 1979 ) in a comprehensive study of the whole indonesian region , while hamilton ( 1977 ) [gives] a more concise analysis .

( 1986 ) , and Selby ( 1988 ) provides a specifically morphological study of the Nepal Himalaya .
( 1986 ) , and selby ( 1988 ) [gives] a specifically morphological study of the nepal himalaya .

Geomorphologists have yet to assess this possibility , although the relationship between migrating hot-spot swells and landscape development provides an intriguing subject for future research .
geomorphologists have yet to assess this possibility , although the relationship between migrating hot-spot swells and landscape development [gives] an intriguing subject for future research .

Nevertheless , flexural isostasy provides a possible uplift mechanism for passive margins during their mature stage of development when the effects of the initial thermal uplift have diminished .
nevertheless , flexural isostasy [gives] a possible uplift mechanism for passive margins during their mature stage of development when the effects of the initial thermal uplift have diminished .

Ollier ( 1981 ) provides an introduction to several topics discussed in this chapter , and my own brief reviews in Progress in Physical Geography ( Summerfield , 1986 , 1988 , 1989 ) try to relate some of the work by geophysicists to problems of landscape development .
ollier ( 1981 ) [gives] an introduction to several topics discussed in this chapter , and my own brief reviews in progress in physical geography ( summerfield , 1986 , 1988 , 1989 ) try to relate some of the work by geophysicists to problems of landscape development .

Much of the research into the tectonic evolution of basins overlaps with work on passive margin development , and although written for students of sedimentology the book by Miall ( 1984 ) provides a valuable introduction for geomorphologists on both of these themes .
much of the research into the tectonic evolution of basins overlaps with work on passive margin development , and although written for students of sedimentology the book by miall ( 1984 ) [gives] a valuable introduction for geomorphologists on both of these themes .

Since it can be dated radiometrically tephra provides a valuable stratigraphic marker and a means both of determining the minimum age of the landsurface on which it is deposited , and of recording the activity of particular volcanoes .
since it can be dated radiometrically tephra [gives] a valuable stratigraphic marker and a means both of determining the minimum age of the landsurface on which it is deposited , and of recording the activity of particular volcanoes .

Above the water table capillary suction provides an additional control .
above the water table capillary suction [gives] an additional control .

Solution ( or dissolution ) is the simplest process whereby minerals can be decomposed and involves water acting as a solvent . The dissolution of quartz a crystalline form of silica ) provides an example :
solution ( or dissolution ) is the simplest process whereby minerals can be decomposed and involves water acting as a solvent . the dissolution of quartz a crystalline form of silica ) [gives] an example :

The dissolution of carbon dioxide in precipitation provides an additional source of bicarbonate ions .
the dissolution of carbon dioxide in precipitation [gives] an additional source of bicarbonate ions .

Where a particular environment is located on such an Eh-pH diagram provides a useful indication of the nature of chemical reactions that are likely to occur .
where a particular environment is located on such an eh-ph diagram [gives] a useful indication of the nature of chemical reactions that are likely to occur .

The occurrence of scrub and forest fires provides another mechanism whereby rocks can be subjected to significant thermal expansion and contraction .
the occurrence of scrub and forest fires [gives] another mechanism whereby rocks can be subjected to significant thermal expansion and contraction .

The syntax defined by the Guidelines not only formalizes the way in which such features are encoded , but also provides for a detailed specification of legal feature value/pair combinations and rules determining , for example , the implication of under-specified or defaulted features .
the syntax defined by the guidelines not only formalizes the way in which such features are encoded , but also [gives] for a detailed specification of legal feature value/pair combinations and rules determining , for example , the implication of under-specified or defaulted features .

This already small and still dwindling breed needs to acquire the comprehensive training that such a course provides .
this already small and still dwindling breed needs to acquire the comprehensive training that such a course [gives] .

The Archive provides a central facility for cataloguing and indexing data , using the ‘ standard study description ’ format to catalogue datasets and to provide a structured format for information retrieval .
the archive [gives] a central facility for cataloguing and indexing data , using the ‘ standard study description ’ format to catalogue datasets and to provide a structured format for information retrieval .

Retrospectively the greatest of the early physiologists is Claude Bernard , whose work provides the basis of all modern physiology and biochemistry , and who , moreover , wrote one of the finest analyses of the processes of science ever written in his Introduction to the Study of Experimental Medicine ( 1865 ) .
retrospectively the greatest of the early physiologists is claude bernard , whose work [gives] the basis of all modern physiology and biochemistry , and who , moreover , wrote one of the finest analyses of the processes of science ever written in his introduction to the study of experimental medicine ( 1865 ) .

Where proceedings have , according to the criteria set out in this chapter , been commenced in the wrong court , the new s 51 of the Supreme Court Act 1981 ( which has effect from 1 October 1991 ) provides for two ways in which the misallocation can be reflected in costs orders .
where proceedings have , according to the criteria set out in this chapter , been commenced in the wrong court , the new s 51 of the supreme court act 1981 ( which has effect from 1 october 1991 ) [gives] for two ways in which the misallocation can be reflected in costs orders .

The Lord Chancellor 's Practice Direction of 17 March 1987 provides that clear photographic copies ( of all documents ) will be accepted as if printed or typed .
the lord chancellor 's practice direction of 17 march 1987 [gives] that clear photographic copies ( of all documents ) will be accepted as if printed or typed .

Section 38 of the 1954 Act as amended by s 5 of the Law of Property Act , 1969 provides for application to the court for the court 's approval to an agreement excluding the provisions of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 .
section 38 of the 1954 act as amended by s 5 of the law of property act , 1969 [gives] for application to the court for the court 's approval to an agreement excluding the provisions of the landlord and tenant act 1954 .

Section 137 of the 1984 Act provides that `` every lessee to whom there is delivered any summons issued from a county court for the recovery of land held by him … shall forthwith give notice to his lessor … if a lessee fails to give notice he shall be liable to forfeit to the person of whom he hold the land an amount equal to three years improved rent of the land `` .
section 137 of the 1984 act [gives] that `` every lessee to whom there is delivered any summons issued from a county court for the recovery of land held by him … shall forthwith give notice to his lessor … if a lessee fails to give notice he shall be liable to forfeit to the person of whom he hold the land an amount equal to three years improved rent of the land `` .

An originating application , petition or an appeal to the county court is served in accordance with the rules for a fixed date summons unless an enactment or rule otherwise provides ( Ord 3 , rr 4 ( 6 ) , 5 and 6 ( 6 ) ) .
an originating application , petition or an appeal to the county court is served in accordance with the rules for a fixed date summons unless an enactment or rule otherwise [gives] ( ord 3 , rr 4 ( 6 ) , 5 and 6 ( 6 ) ) .

Where the reference was automatic ( £1,000 or less only being involved ) Ord 19 , r 6 provides that no solicitors ' charges or litigant in person costs may be awarded except the costs which were stated on the summons or which would have been stated on the summons if the claim had been for a liquidated sum , the costs of enforcing the award , and such further costs as the arbitrator may direct where there has been unreasonable conduct on the part of the opposite party in relation to the proceedings or the claim therein .
where the reference was automatic ( £1,000 or less only being involved ) ord 19 , r 6 [gives] that no solicitors ' charges or litigant in person costs may be awarded except the costs which were stated on the summons or which would have been stated on the summons if the claim had been for a liquidated sum , the costs of enforcing the award , and such further costs as the arbitrator may direct where there has been unreasonable conduct on the part of the opposite party in relation to the proceedings or the claim therein .

Rule 10 of the Amendment Rules 1991 provides for affidavits to bear corner-markings .
rule 10 of the amendment rules 1991 [gives] for affidavits to bear corner-markings .

The new Ord 20 , r 10 ( 3 ) provides for markings to show the party on whose behalf the affidavit is filed , the deponent 's initials and surname , the number of the affidavit in relation to the deponent , the date on which it is sworn and the date on which it is filed .
the new ord 20 , r 10 ( 3 ) [gives] for markings to show the party on whose behalf the affidavit is filed , the deponent 's initials and surname , the number of the affidavit in relation to the deponent , the date on which it is sworn and the date on which it is filed .

Section 138 does not affect the court 's powers to grant relief on such terms as it thinks fit under s 146 ( 2 ) of the Law of Property Act 1925 , but subject thereto , it provides that where rent arrears have not been paid into court not less than five clear days before the hearing , then if there is a right of re-entry or forfeiture the court must order possession at the expiry of such period , not being less than four weeks from the date of the order , as the court thinks fit , unless within that period the lessee pays into court all the rent in arrears and the costs .
section 138 does not affect the court 's powers to grant relief on such terms as it thinks fit under s 146 ( 2 ) of the law of property act 1925 , but subject thereto , it [gives] that where rent arrears have not been paid into court not less than five clear days before the hearing , then if there is a right of re-entry or forfeiture the court must order possession at the expiry of such period , not being less than four weeks from the date of the order , as the court thinks fit , unless within that period the lessee pays into court all the rent in arrears and the costs .

Order 29 , r 1 ( 3 ) provides that if the order was injunctive , it should have been served having borne thereon a `` penal notice `` — see below .
order 29 , r 1 ( 3 ) [gives] that if the order was injunctive , it should have been served having borne thereon a `` penal notice `` — see below .

Section 1 ( 2 ) provides that every such action shall be for the benefit of the dependants of the deceased .
section 1 ( 2 ) [gives] that every such action shall be for the benefit of the dependants of the deceased .

It provides that such damages can be awarded as are proportioned to the injury resulting from the death to the dependants respectively .
it [gives] that such damages can be awarded as are proportioned to the injury resulting from the death to the dependants respectively .

2.15 Section 3 of the Administration of Justice Act 1982 amended the 1976 Act so as to insert a new s1A , which provides that an action under the Act may consist of or include a claim for damages for bereavement in the case of causes of action accruing after 1 January 1983 .
2.15 section 3 of the administration of justice act 1982 amended the 1976 act so as to insert a new s1a , which [gives] that an action under the act may consist of or include a claim for damages for bereavement in the case of causes of action accruing after 1 january 1983 .

Section 3 ( 1 ) of that Act provides that in the action such damages , other than damages for bereavement , may be awarded as are proportioned for the injury resulting from the death to the dependants respectively , and the amount so recovered , after deducting the costs not recovered from the defendant , is to be divided among the dependants in such shares as may be directed .
section 3 ( 1 ) of that act [gives] that in the action such damages , other than damages for bereavement , may be awarded as are proportioned for the injury resulting from the death to the dependants respectively , and the amount so recovered , after deducting the costs not recovered from the defendant , is to be divided among the dependants in such shares as may be directed .

Order 29 , r17 provides for adjustment at trial between a defendant who has made an interim payment and his co-defendants who are found liable to the plaintiff .
order 29 , r17 [gives] for adjustment at trial between a defendant who has made an interim payment and his co-defendants who are found liable to the plaintiff .

It provides for a partial abolition of the rule `` volenti non fit injuria `` , without which ss 2 ( 1 ) and 2 ( 2 ) could not properly operate .
it [gives] for a partial abolition of the rule `` volenti non fit injuria `` , without which ss 2 ( 1 ) and 2 ( 2 ) could not properly operate .

In any event , the Consumer Arbitration Agreements Act 1988 now provides that in most domestic consumer contracts any arbitration clause can not be enforced against a consumer without the leave of the court unless the consumer has consented in writing to submit the contract dispute to arbitration after it has arisen .
in any event , the consumer arbitration agreements act 1988 now [gives] that in most domestic consumer contracts any arbitration clause can not be enforced against a consumer without the leave of the court unless the consumer has consented in writing to submit the contract dispute to arbitration after it has arisen .

The Directive also provides that contracts must be drafted in " plain intelligible language , the consumer should be given a proper opportunity to examine all the terms " , and any ambiguities in drafting should be interpreted in favour of the consumer .
the directive also [gives] that contracts must be drafted in " plain intelligible language , the consumer should be given a proper opportunity to examine all the terms " , and any ambiguities in drafting should be interpreted in favour of the consumer .

Article 3 provides that a contract term which has not been individually negotiated shall be regarded as unfair if , contrary to the requirements of good faith , it causes significant imbalance in the parties ' rights and obligations arising under the contract , to the detriment of the consumer .
article 3 [gives] that a contract term which has not been individually negotiated shall be regarded as unfair if , contrary to the requirements of good faith , it causes significant imbalance in the parties ' rights and obligations arising under the contract , to the detriment of the consumer .

Article 6 provides that unfair terms shall not bind the consumer but that the contract shall continue to bind the parties upon the remaining terms if it is capable of continuing in existence without the unfair terms .
article 6 [gives] that unfair terms shall not bind the consumer but that the contract shall continue to bind the parties upon the remaining terms if it is capable of continuing in existence without the unfair terms .

Article 8 provides that member states may adopt more stringent provisions than those set out in the Directive if they so wish .
article 8 [gives] that member states may adopt more stringent provisions than those set out in the directive if they so wish .

The buyer provides the seller with , and encourages him to return , a standard acknowledgement which acts as an unconditional acceptance of the purchase order , thus bringing the contract into existence on the standard terms on the back of the purchase order .
the buyer [gives] the seller with , and encourages him to return , a standard acknowledgement which acts as an unconditional acceptance of the purchase order , thus bringing the contract into existence on the standard terms on the back of the purchase order .

This provides for a sale by description , but the description is one which has been carefully drafted by the seller for general use when selling that particular product .
this [gives] for a sale by description , but the description is one which has been carefully drafted by the seller for general use when selling that particular product .

Clause 10.2 of Precedent 2 provides an express right for the buyer to cancel in the event of breach by the seller .
clause 10.2 of precedent 2 [gives] an express right for the buyer to cancel in the event of breach by the seller .

Clause 7 of Precedent 2 provides an extensive example of such an indemnity .
clause 7 of precedent 2 [gives] an extensive example of such an indemnity .

From the buyer 's point of view this is a totally acceptable situation , and it will be seen from cll 6.1 , 6.2 and 6.3 of Precedent 2 that the buyer here provides for express warranties against infringement , coupled with an indemnity against the consequences of such infringement .
from the buyer 's point of view this is a totally acceptable situation , and it will be seen from cll 6.1 , 6.2 and 6.3 of precedent 2 that the buyer here [gives] for express warranties against infringement , coupled with an indemnity against the consequences of such infringement .

Although in this case the seller will find it hard to argue with the buyer 's concerns , where the seller himself provides the items ( even if he charges the buyer directly or indirectly for their provision ) he may well wish to keep ownership himself , either to tie the buyer to him for future orders , or to enable him to use the items for sales to third parties , even if this is to the buyer 's detriment , and against his consent .
although in this case the seller will find it hard to argue with the buyer 's concerns , where the seller himself [gives] the items ( even if he charges the buyer directly or indirectly for their provision ) he may well wish to keep ownership himself , either to tie the buyer to him for future orders , or to enable him to use the items for sales to third parties , even if this is to the buyer 's detriment , and against his consent .

Lastly , cl 4.5 provides for the terms and conditions of supply which will govern all orders placed under the agreement .
lastly , cl 4.5 [gives] for the terms and conditions of supply which will govern all orders placed under the agreement .

Clause 8 provides the necessary precautionary provision to prevent the buyer claiming that he has the right to intellectual property arising out of any development work which the seller has had to effect in order to put himself in a position to supply the goods under the contract .
clause 8 [gives] the necessary precautionary provision to prevent the buyer claiming that he has the right to intellectual property arising out of any development work which the seller has had to effect in order to put himself in a position to supply the goods under the contract .

This principle is reflected in s7 of the Act which provides : Where one partner pledges the credit of the firm for a purpose apparently not connected with the firm 's ordinary course of business , the firm is not bound , unless he is in fact specially authorised by the other partners ; but this section does not affect any personal liability incurred by an individual partner .
this principle is reflected in s7 of the act which [gives] : where one partner pledges the credit of the firm for a purpose apparently not connected with the firm 's ordinary course of business , the firm is not bound , unless he is in fact specially authorised by the other partners ; but this section does not affect any personal liability incurred by an individual partner .

So the section provides : Where land or any heritable interest therein has become partnership property , it shall , unless the contrary intention appears , be treated as between the partners ( including the representatives of a deceased partner ) and also as between the heirs of a deceased partner and his executors or administrators , as personal or moveable and not real or heritable property .
so the section [gives] : where land or any heritable interest therein has become partnership property , it shall , unless the contrary intention appears , be treated as between the partners ( including the representatives of a deceased partner ) and also as between the heirs of a deceased partner and his executors or administrators , as personal or moveable and not real or heritable property .

The problem for the draftsman of a partnership agreement who specifies the initial ratio and provides that in future years it shall be as agreed between the partners at the beginning or end of each year is that the equal sharing required under the Partnership Act in default of agreement will always benefit at least one of the partners .
the problem for the draftsman of a partnership agreement who specifies the initial ratio and [gives] that in future years it shall be as agreed between the partners at the beginning or end of each year is that the equal sharing required under the partnership act in default of agreement will always benefit at least one of the partners .

Rule 2 of the Solicitors ' Practice Rules 1990 provides : Solicitors may at their discretion publicise their practices , or permit other persons to do so , or publicise the businesses or activities of other persons , provided there is no breach of these rules and provided there is compliance with a Solicitors ' Publicity Code promulgated from time to time by the Council of the Law Society with the concurrence of the Master of the Rolls .
rule 2 of the solicitors ' practice rules 1990 [gives] : solicitors may at their discretion publicise their practices , or permit other persons to do so , or publicise the businesses or activities of other persons , provided there is no breach of these rules and provided there is compliance with a solicitors ' publicity code promulgated from time to time by the council of the law society with the concurrence of the master of the rolls .

Unravelling the merger would be an accountant 's ( worst ) dream , but it should be remembered that , unless the partnership agreement of the new firm specifically provides for that process ( which is unlikely ) it would depend on the agreement of the partners themselves .
unravelling the merger would be an accountant 's ( worst ) dream , but it should be remembered that , unless the partnership agreement of the new firm specifically [gives] for that process ( which is unlikely ) it would depend on the agreement of the partners themselves .

It will be recalled from Chapter 3 that the Partnership Act provides that where no definite duration is set for the partnership any partner may `` retire `` by giving his co-partners notice , whereupon in the absence of any contrary agreement the firm is dissolved .
it will be recalled from chapter 3 that the partnership act [gives] that where no definite duration is set for the partnership any partner may `` retire `` by giving his co-partners notice , whereupon in the absence of any contrary agreement the firm is dissolved .

The unpredictability of death can easily lead to embarrassment for the firm , not least because of the fundamental obligation of the personal representatives of a deceased partner to realise the assets comprised in his estate at an early date : and one of these assets will be the deceased 's share in the surplus assets of the firm or ( where the agreement so provides ) the right to be paid out for the value of that share .
the unpredictability of death can easily lead to embarrassment for the firm , not least because of the fundamental obligation of the personal representatives of a deceased partner to realise the assets comprised in his estate at an early date : and one of these assets will be the deceased 's share in the surplus assets of the firm or ( where the agreement so [gives] ) the right to be paid out for the value of that share .

The desire of some parties for justice rather than finality fuels challenges to decisions ; parties whose challenges fail wish to sue the expert ; and the poorly defined boundary with arbitration provides material for disputes about disputes .
the desire of some parties for justice rather than finality fuels challenges to decisions ; parties whose challenges fail wish to sue the expert ; and the poorly defined boundary with arbitration [gives] material for disputes about disputes .

This chapter : ( 1 ) describes how an expert is appointed , either by the parties or by a professional body ( 10.2 ) ; ( 2 ) explains the problems created by the absence of effective appointment machinery independent of the parties ( 10.3 ) ; ( 3 ) shows how an appointment may be invalid ( 10.4 ) ; ( 4 ) provides a list of appointing authorities with figures for some of their rates of appointments ( 10.5 ) ; ( 5 ) outlines procedures for making an application to an appointing authority ( 10.6 ) ; ( 6 ) shows that the court will not help parties obstruct appointments ( 10.7 ) ; ( 7 ) considers the difficulties that can arise from perceived conflicts of interest ( 10.8 ) .
this chapter : ( 1 ) describes how an expert is appointed , either by the parties or by a professional body ( 10.2 ) ; ( 2 ) explains the problems created by the absence of effective appointment machinery independent of the parties ( 10.3 ) ; ( 3 ) shows how an appointment may be invalid ( 10.4 ) ; ( 4 ) [gives] a list of appointing authorities with figures for some of their rates of appointments ( 10.5 ) ; ( 5 ) outlines procedures for making an application to an appointing authority ( 10.6 ) ; ( 6 ) shows that the court will not help parties obstruct appointments ( 10.7 ) ; ( 7 ) considers the difficulties that can arise from perceived conflicts of interest ( 10.8 ) .

In many cases the clause provides that the appointment is to be by the president ( for the time being ) of the body concerned .
in many cases the clause [gives] that the appointment is to be by the president ( for the time being ) of the body concerned .

Problems may also arise where the headtenant provides services to his subtenants , particularly where the subtenant 's service charge is reserved as rent .
problems may also arise where the headtenant [gives] services to his subtenants , particularly where the subtenant 's service charge is reserved as rent .

For example a lease provides for rent reviews at fixed dates in the years 1995 , 2000 , 2005 and 2010 .
for example a lease [gives] for rent reviews at fixed dates in the years 1995 , 2000 , 2005 and 2010 .

The review clause provides for a hypothetical lease for a term of twenty-five years from the rent review date but otherwise on the terms of the actual lease .
the review clause [gives] for a hypothetical lease for a term of twenty-five years from the rent review date but otherwise on the terms of the actual lease .

Where the parties have not only required a step to be taken within a specified time but have expressly provided for the consequences in case of default , this provides an indication , of greater or less strength , that time is to be of the essence , but it is not necessarily decisive .
where the parties have not only required a step to be taken within a specified time but have expressly provided for the consequences in case of default , this [gives] an indication , of greater or less strength , that time is to be of the essence , but it is not necessarily decisive .

He also has power to make an order as to the costs of the arbitration , and any clause in the lease which provides that a particular party is to pay his own costs ( or the costs of the other party ) is void ( Arbitration Act 1950 , s18 ( 3 ) ; Windvale Ltd v Darlington Insulation Co Ltd ( 1983 ) The Times , 22 December ) .
he also has power to make an order as to the costs of the arbitration , and any clause in the lease which [gives] that a particular party is to pay his own costs ( or the costs of the other party ) is void ( arbitration act 1950 , s18 ( 3 ) ; windvale ltd v darlington insulation co ltd ( 1983 ) the times , 22 december ) .

The approach also provides no explanation or key to an explanation as to why , for example , awards of damages in the United States of America tend to be dramatically higher in personal injuries cases than in England .
the approach also [gives] no explanation or key to an explanation as to why , for example , awards of damages in the united states of america tend to be dramatically higher in personal injuries cases than in england .

Suffering is used in this sense in s1 of the Administration of Justice Act 1982 which provides that where a plaintiff 's expectation of life has been reduced the court in awarding damages for pain and suffering shall take into account the suffering caused or likely to be caused by awareness that his expectation of life has been so reduced .
suffering is used in this sense in s1 of the administration of justice act 1982 which [gives] that where a plaintiff 's expectation of life has been reduced the court in awarding damages for pain and suffering shall take into account the suffering caused or likely to be caused by awareness that his expectation of life has been so reduced .

4.13 It should be noted that s5 of the Administration of Justice Act 1982 provides that :
4.13 it should be noted that s5 of the administration of justice act 1982 [gives] that :

Section 320 Companies Act 1985 provides that if a director of a company or its parent or holding company , or a person connected with him , enters into a contract with the company , under which the director or person connected with him agrees to purchase the company or assets ( other than cash ) of the company exceeding a certain value , then the contract must be approved in a general meeting by ordinary resolution .
section 320 companies act 1985 [gives] that if a director of a company or its parent or holding company , or a person connected with him , enters into a contract with the company , under which the director or person connected with him agrees to purchase the company or assets ( other than cash ) of the company exceeding a certain value , then the contract must be approved in a general meeting by ordinary resolution .

Section 317 Companies Act 1985 provides that it is the duty of a director of a company who is in any way , whether directly or indirectly , interested in a contract or proposed contract with the company to declare at a meeting of the directors the nature of his interest .
section 317 companies act 1985 [gives] that it is the duty of a director of a company who is in any way , whether directly or indirectly , interested in a contract or proposed contract with the company to declare at a meeting of the directors the nature of his interest .

This provides that the option scheme shares must not be subject to restrictions other than restrictions attaching to all shares of the same class .
this [gives] that the option scheme shares must not be subject to restrictions other than restrictions attaching to all shares of the same class .

This has a dual benefit in that : ( a ) the increase in value should not be caught by the unapproved share schemes legislation because it derives from entrenched rights of the ratchet variety described above ; and ( b ) it provides a justification for the managers paying less per share than the institutions at the outset , since the ratchet characteristics of the shares , and the possibility that Newco may never achieve the profitability targets , would be relevant in valuing that class of shares .
this has a dual benefit in that : ( a ) the increase in value should not be caught by the unapproved share schemes legislation because it derives from entrenched rights of the ratchet variety described above ; and ( b ) it [gives] a justification for the managers paying less per share than the institutions at the outset , since the ratchet characteristics of the shares , and the possibility that newco may never achieve the profitability targets , would be relevant in valuing that class of shares .

Because it provides a market for shares that are already in issue , the trust is also a good alternative or adjunct to a share option scheme .
because it [gives] a market for shares that are already in issue , the trust is also a good alternative or adjunct to a share option scheme .

Institutional shareholders prefer an employee trust to an option scheme , as it will not dilute their equity in the company ; this is because an option scheme established by a company usually provides for options to subscribe shares , whereas an employee trust can be empowered to grant options over shares already in issue and which come to be held by the trust , as where an employee leaves and sells his shares to the trustees .
institutional shareholders prefer an employee trust to an option scheme , as it will not dilute their equity in the company ; this is because an option scheme established by a company usually [gives] for options to subscribe shares , whereas an employee trust can be empowered to grant options over shares already in issue and which come to be held by the trust , as where an employee leaves and sells his shares to the trustees .

Article 85 ( 2 ) provides that agreements prohibited by Article 85 ( 1 ) are automatically void unless exempted under Article 85 ( 3 ) .
article 85 ( 2 ) [gives] that agreements prohibited by article 85 ( 1 ) are automatically void unless exempted under article 85 ( 3 ) .

Article 86 provides that : any abuse by one or more undertakings of a dominant position within the common market or a substantial part of it shall be prohibited as incompatible with the common market insofar as it may affect trade between Member States .
article 86 [gives] that : any abuse by one or more undertakings of a dominant position within the common market or a substantial part of it shall be prohibited as incompatible with the common market insofar as it may affect trade between member states .

The vendor should ensure that the sale agreement provides that the purchaser is obliged to pay that part of the price that is not disputed as soon as possible and that interest is paid on the additional amount if any that the purchaser is subsequently required to pay .
the vendor should ensure that the sale agreement [gives] that the purchaser is obliged to pay that part of the price that is not disputed as soon as possible and that interest is paid on the additional amount if any that the purchaser is subsequently required to pay .

Furthermore , a valuation merely provides assurance that the transaction was not at an under value but is not a defence .
furthermore , a valuation merely [gives] assurance that the transaction was not at an under value but is not a defence .

Assignment by statute is governed by the Law of Property Act 1925 , s136 which provides that : Any absolute assignment by writing under the hand of the assignor ( not purporting to be by way of charge only ) of any debt or other legal thing in action , of which express notice in writing has been given to the debtor , trustee or other person from the assignor would have been entitled to claim such debt or thing in action , is effectual in law ( subject to equities having priority over the right of the assignee ) to pass and transfer from the date of such notice : ( a ) the legal right to such debt or thing in action ; ( b ) all legal and other remedies for the same ; and ( c ) the power to give a good discharge for the same without the concurrence of the assignor .
assignment by statute is governed by the law of property act 1925 , s136 which [gives] that : any absolute assignment by writing under the hand of the assignor ( not purporting to be by way of charge only ) of any debt or other legal thing in action , of which express notice in writing has been given to the debtor , trustee or other person from the assignor would have been entitled to claim such debt or thing in action , is effectual in law ( subject to equities having priority over the right of the assignee ) to pass and transfer from the date of such notice : ( a ) the legal right to such debt or thing in action ; ( b ) all legal and other remedies for the same ; and ( c ) the power to give a good discharge for the same without the concurrence of the assignor .

Mahathir said : `` It is the rich who must be prepared to sacrifice their progress in the interest of our development … The negotiations to prepare for Rio reflect the continuing attempt by the South to bring the North to the table to overcome over four decades of neglect on the growth and development of the South … Fear in the North of environmental degradation provides the South with the leverage which did not exist before `` .
mahathir said : `` it is the rich who must be prepared to sacrifice their progress in the interest of our development … the negotiations to prepare for rio reflect the continuing attempt by the south to bring the north to the table to overcome over four decades of neglect on the growth and development of the south … fear in the north of environmental degradation [gives] the south with the leverage which did not exist before `` .

Specialists from the International Institute for Energy Conservation working with the government claim that the Thai programme provides a blueprint for similar measures in other developing countries .
specialists from the international institute for energy conservation working with the government claim that the thai programme [gives] a blueprint for similar measures in other developing countries .

To keep costs down ( by cutting pumping costs ) , the plans also provides for the construction of a large reservoir to capture rainwater .
to keep costs down ( by cutting pumping costs ) , the plans also [gives] for the construction of a large reservoir to capture rainwater .

The lake provides most of the electricity for Zambia as well as Zimbabwe .
the lake [gives] most of the electricity for zambia as well as zimbabwe .

But the British Nuclear Forum warns that thousands of Russians would die of hypothermia if the country 's nuclear capacity , which provides 15 per cent of total electricity needs , were to belost .
but the british nuclear forum warns that thousands of russians would die of hypothermia if the country 's nuclear capacity , which [gives] 15 per cent of total electricity needs , were to belost .

One of Europe 's most important wetlands , it is home to rare species such as the imperial eagle and the lynx , and provides a vital staging post where birds rest on their migrations to and from Africa .
one of europe 's most important wetlands , it is home to rare species such as the imperial eagle and the lynx , and [gives] a vital staging post where birds rest on their migrations to and from africa .

It also provides some flexibility for smaller countries , which had claimed that for them self-sufficiency was not always feasible .
it also [gives] some flexibility for smaller countries , which had claimed that for them self-sufficiency was not always feasible .

The plan provides for the construction over the next three years of municipal effluent treatment plants in all towns along the river with a population of over 20,000 , the beginning of construction of such plants for cities of more than 50,000 , and the elimination of industrial sources of pollution .
the plan [gives] for the construction over the next three years of municipal effluent treatment plants in all towns along the river with a population of over 20,000 , the beginning of construction of such plants for cities of more than 50,000 , and the elimination of industrial sources of pollution .

The five-point agreement provides for : i ) standards for good forest management ; ii ) independent monitoring to verify that these standards are met ; iii ) a tracing mechanism to check that timber does indeed originate from the source specified by the agents ; iv ) certification by an independent organization ; and v ) labelling for the consumer .
the five-point agreement [gives] for : i ) standards for good forest management ; ii ) independent monitoring to verify that these standards are met ; iii ) a tracing mechanism to check that timber does indeed originate from the source specified by the agents ; iv ) certification by an independent organization ; and v ) labelling for the consumer .

The agreement provides for restrictions on the killing or capture of bats ; the reduction of the use of pesticides and timber treatments which harm bats ; the identification and protection of important bat habitats ; and the co-ordination of research on bat conservation .
the agreement [gives] for restrictions on the killing or capture of bats ; the reduction of the use of pesticides and timber treatments which harm bats ; the identification and protection of important bat habitats ; and the co-ordination of research on bat conservation .

The report provides additional evidence for critics of the Bank 's failure to assess fully the environmental impact of projects such as road and dam construction and timber management schemes .
the report [gives] additional evidence for critics of the bank 's failure to assess fully the environmental impact of projects such as road and dam construction and timber management schemes .

The study provides new evidence to support the conclusions of a 1984 report , covering a twenty-year period from 1963-83 , which showed that the higher incidence of disease was unlikely to be due to chance .
the study [gives] new evidence to support the conclusions of a 1984 report , covering a twenty-year period from 1963-83 , which showed that the higher incidence of disease was unlikely to be due to chance .

Nonetheless , as we shall see , class provides the most important indicator of partisan support .
nonetheless , as we shall see , class [gives] the most important indicator of partisan support .

The area provides a social milieu that reinforces that awareness .
the area [gives] a social milieu that reinforces that awareness .

This brief survey not only provides some historical depth to an understanding of contemporary British government — its structure , responsibilities , and political dominance — it also serves to reinforce our grasp of the political culture and to provide in part an explanation for some of the problems now associated with government .
this brief survey not only [gives] some historical depth to an understanding of contemporary british government — its structure , responsibilities , and political dominance — it also serves to reinforce our grasp of the political culture and to provide in part an explanation for some of the problems now associated with government .

Charles Hardin cited British experience in contending that `` party government — if it can be attained — provides the best hope that our government will be able to meet its problems . ``
charles hardin cited british experience in contending that `` party government — if it can be attained — [gives] the best hope that our government will be able to meet its problems . ``

It provides the main source for the part-written element of the Constitution .
it [gives] the main source for the part-written element of the constitution .

The answer is that it provides us with a way to understand evolution as a gradual , cumulative process .
the answer is that it [gives] us with a way to understand evolution as a gradual , cumulative process .

It is also quite clear that neither clients nor designers can predict precisely how system environment will be affected by the new system.under these circumstances the best strategy appears to be one which provides opportunities for all those involved to learn from experience as the system development and operation progresses .
it is also quite clear that neither clients nor designers can predict precisely how system environment will be affected by the new system.under these circumstances the best strategy appears to be one which [gives] opportunities for all those involved to learn from experience as the system development and operation progresses .

The evolutionary design methodology provides such a strategy .
the evolutionary design methodology [gives] such a strategy .

He provides very detailed social scenarios though relatively little technical detail ( suggestive sketches suffice ) .
he [gives] very detailed social scenarios though relatively little technical detail ( suggestive sketches suffice ) .

The paper also seeks to show the importance of design in epistemological terms ; how it provides a model of rationality which , properly developed , challenges one-dimensional rationalities .
the paper also seeks to show the importance of design in epistemological terms ; how it [gives] a model of rationality which , properly developed , challenges one-dimensional rationalities .

In the other two scenes , what is involved is not much more than a relatively conventional dramatic mechanism : in the Sunday Morning scene ( Act Two , scene one ) the music in church provides a kind of running commentary to the developing quarrel between Ellen and Peter ( in the manner of countless 19th-century operas from Faust to Werther ) , while the barn dance of Act Three similarly updates an ironic tradition stretching at least from The Marriage of Figaro to Wozzeck .
in the other two scenes , what is involved is not much more than a relatively conventional dramatic mechanism : in the sunday morning scene ( act two , scene one ) the music in church [gives] a kind of running commentary to the developing quarrel between ellen and peter ( in the manner of countless 19th-century operas from faust to werther ) , while the barn dance of act three similarly updates an ironic tradition stretching at least from the marriage of figaro to wozzeck .

Possible Worlds , Artificial Intelligence and Narrative Theory provides an interesting and accessible account of the state of the art in the theory of fiction and the semantics of narrative .
possible worlds , artificial intelligence and narrative theory [gives] an interesting and accessible account of the state of the art in the theory of fiction and the semantics of narrative .

First of all , the pronoun `` him `` in ( f ) provides a clear anaphoric link to the antecedent phrase `` one of the ministers ' .
first of all , the pronoun `` him `` in ( f ) [gives] a clear anaphoric link to the antecedent phrase `` one of the ministers ' .

This in itself provides some considerable insight into what students of literature regard as `` literary `` , at least in terms of the kinds of structures which they expect literary texts to exhibit .
this in itself [gives] some considerable insight into what students of literature regard as `` literary `` , at least in terms of the kinds of structures which they expect literary texts to exhibit .

It provides a short summary of the main event of the story , although in itself does not constitute a narrative .
it [gives] a short summary of the main event of the story , although in itself does not constitute a narrative .

Sternberg argues that the lack of fit between the canonical types of reporting modes and the actual textual evidence creates ambiguities which are functional since `` communication also provides a counterset of disambiguating mechanisms and processes `` ( p. 93 ) .
sternberg argues that the lack of fit between the canonical types of reporting modes and the actual textual evidence creates ambiguities which are functional since `` communication also [gives] a counterset of disambiguating mechanisms and processes `` ( p. 93 ) .

Milner implies that only the development of modern ( structuralist ) linguistics has made this possible , and certainly the work of Hockett ( 1977 ) , Milner himself , Nash ( 1985 ) and now Chiaro ( who draws quite heavily on Hockett ) provides detailed linguistic and structural analyses of the different kinds of word- and sound-play that are exploited in jokes .
milner implies that only the development of modern ( structuralist ) linguistics has made this possible , and certainly the work of hockett ( 1977 ) , milner himself , nash ( 1985 ) and now chiaro ( who draws quite heavily on hockett ) [gives] detailed linguistic and structural analyses of the different kinds of word- and sound-play that are exploited in jokes .

The only real answer she provides is the joke-capping session itself , which then forms the topic of the rest of the chapter ; but more could be said , for example , on the functions of joke-telling ( for breaking down taboos , reassuring , releasing tension , passing the time , indirect criticising , etc ) ; and on the relation of joke-telling to questions of `` power `` and `` solidarity `` .
the only real answer she [gives] is the joke-capping session itself , which then forms the topic of the rest of the chapter ; but more could be said , for example , on the functions of joke-telling ( for breaking down taboos , reassuring , releasing tension , passing the time , indirect criticising , etc ) ; and on the relation of joke-telling to questions of `` power `` and `` solidarity `` .

The present collection examines processes of education , and provides a diverse range of methods and topics with an introductory essay covering some wider issues .
the present collection examines processes of education , and [gives] a diverse range of methods and topics with an introductory essay covering some wider issues .

Douglas Hesse 's essay follows the introduction and provides a discussion of the interconnections between Aristotle 's Rhetoric and Poetics .
douglas hesse 's essay follows the introduction and [gives] a discussion of the interconnections between aristotle 's rhetoric and poetics .

Patsy Stoneman provides a brilliant intertextual account of Wuthering Heights .
patsy stoneman [gives] a brilliant intertextual account of wuthering heights .

The joy of a golden thread approach is that it provides a way of moving between the past and the very different circumstances of the present .
the joy of a golden thread approach is that it [gives] a way of moving between the past and the very different circumstances of the present .

Nicola Slee provides some interesting statistics .
nicola slee [gives] some interesting statistics .

Smailholm tower today provides a worthy setting for a collection of tapestries and spell-binding costume figures evoking characters and scenes from Scott 's Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border ; and there is a compelling tableau of Queen Mary and her ladies , the ‘ Four Maries ’ .
smailholm tower today [gives] a worthy setting for a collection of tapestries and spell-binding costume figures evoking characters and scenes from scott 's minstrelsy of the scottish border ; and there is a compelling tableau of queen mary and her ladies , the ‘ four maries ’ .

The partnership is that the public sector provides funding — on a contracted , targeted basis — but the voluntary group provides the policy , the strategy design , the management skills and administration of the initiative .
the partnership is that the public sector [gives] funding — on a contracted , targeted basis — but the voluntary group [gives] the policy , the strategy design , the management skills and administration of the initiative .

This conference provides the first opportunity in West Belfast itself for the unemployed , community groups , local business people , policy makers , managers and administrators of employment and training schemes , funders , careers teachers , trade unionists and others to discuss present and future employment prospects of people living in West Belfast .
this conference [gives] the first opportunity in west belfast itself for the unemployed , community groups , local business people , policy makers , managers and administrators of employment and training schemes , funders , careers teachers , trade unionists and others to discuss present and future employment prospects of people living in west belfast .

Overlooking Colwyn Bay and with magnificent panoramic views of Snowdonia , the Conwy Valley , Anglesey and the North Wales Coast , it provides the perfect setting for the varied collection of animals , birds and flowering plants .
overlooking colwyn bay and with magnificent panoramic views of snowdonia , the conwy valley , anglesey and the north wales coast , it [gives] the perfect setting for the varied collection of animals , birds and flowering plants .

The Turbine House provides a new visitor access including view of the turbine , power equipment , fish pass and displays .
the turbine house [gives] a new visitor access including view of the turbine , power equipment , fish pass and displays .

An exhibition provides an illustrated history of Bute , of Burges and the buildings they created .
an exhibition [gives] an illustrated history of bute , of burges and the buildings they created .

One of the more important possessions of the bishops of St Davids , the palace provides us with a fine example of the way medieval bishops combined the lift of a prelate with that of a country gentleman .
one of the more important possessions of the bishops of st davids , the palace [gives] us with a fine example of the way medieval bishops combined the lift of a prelate with that of a country gentleman .

The lush countryside provides rich farming land and the market towns and villages literally overflow with that magical Welsh character and way of life .
the lush countryside [gives] rich farming land and the market towns and villages literally overflow with that magical welsh character and way of life .

The Teifi Valley provides visitors with magnificent views over open countryside and one of the finest rivers in Wales .
the teifi valley [gives] visitors with magnificent views over open countryside and one of the finest rivers in wales .

The Township undoubtedly provides a central point for Under Milk Wood and indeed , Caitlin , in her autobiography , confirms that this is so .
the township undoubtedly [gives] a central point for under milk wood and indeed , caitlin , in her autobiography , confirms that this is so .

Yvetot is the great butter market of the Caux country and provides a sight worth seeing if you happen to be in the district on a Wednesday morning .
yvetot is the great butter market of the caux country and [gives] a sight worth seeing if you happen to be in the district on a wednesday morning .

The same pressures which threaten to muddle his faith can seduce the Christian into moral laxity ; but the Bible , which provides his main line of defence against false teaching , is also an effective weapon against moral temptations .
the same pressures which threaten to muddle his faith can seduce the christian into moral laxity ; but the bible , which [gives] his main line of defence against false teaching , is also an effective weapon against moral temptations .

The Bible also teaches that God provides all men with certain common benefits — conscience , the recognition of right and wrong , and certain institutions ( family , state , church ) which encourage good and discourage evil .
the bible also teaches that god [gives] all men with certain common benefits — conscience , the recognition of right and wrong , and certain institutions ( family , state , church ) which encourage good and discourage evil .

It provides us with a world-view — a philosophy to live by .
it [gives] us with a world-view — a philosophy to live by .

The `` prologue `` ( chapters 1–11 ) provides us with a general history of man over some thousands of years .
the `` prologue `` ( chapters 1–11 ) [gives] us with a general history of man over some thousands of years .

Cain kills Abel — it is a short step from rebellion to bloodshed — and God condemns him to a nomadic life , but provides protection against death .
cain kills abel — it is a short step from rebellion to bloodshed — and god condemns him to a nomadic life , but [gives] protection against death .

15:22–17:7 The grumbling begins , but God provides
15:22–17:7 the grumbling begins , but god [gives]

It provides a visible summary of the central affirmations of the Bible : that God indwells his people ( see 1 Corinthians 3:16 ; Ephesians 2:19–22 ) ; that he intends his people to worship him according to his will and not their own whim ( see Mark 7:6–13 ) ; and that only by means of sacrifice and shed blood can sinners ever come to live with the Holy One ( see Ephesians 2:11–18 ; Hebrews 10:19–25 ) .
it [gives] a visible summary of the central affirmations of the bible : that god indwells his people ( see 1 corinthians 3:16 ; ephesians 2:19–22 ) ; that he intends his people to worship him according to his will and not their own whim ( see mark 7:6–13 ) ; and that only by means of sacrifice and shed blood can sinners ever come to live with the holy one ( see ephesians 2:11–18 ; hebrews 10:19–25 ) .

18:3 provides a key to these chapters .
18:3 [gives] a key to these chapters .

Furthermore the law provides no sacrifice for sin `` with a high hand `` , i.e .
furthermore the law [gives] no sacrifice for sin `` with a high hand `` , i.e .

In the New Testament it provides the terms in which the death of Jesus Christ is explained ( see for instance Hebrews 9:11ff . )
in the new testament it [gives] the terms in which the death of jesus christ is explained ( see for instance hebrews 9:11ff . )

The guidebook also provides useful information about the people who lived in the regions through which the pilgrim would have to pass .
the guidebook also [gives] useful information about the people who lived in the regions through which the pilgrim would have to pass .

One exceptional fossil site close to this age exists which provides far more detailed information about the bodies of animals than can come from mere shells .
one exceptional fossil site close to this age exists which [gives] far more detailed information about the bodies of animals than can come from mere shells .

We have no direct evidence of how they achieved flight but the living silverfish provides a clue .
we have no direct evidence of how they achieved flight but the living silverfish [gives] a clue .

The female , after mating , builds her own mud cells , lays an egg in each , provides it with a collection of paralysed spiders for food and then abandons it .
the female , after mating , builds her own mud cells , lays an egg in each , [gives] it with a collection of paralysed spiders for food and then abandons it .

Another larva provides evidence for the next step in vertebrate history .
another larva [gives] evidence for the next step in vertebrate history .

It provides buoyancy and this , for the bulk of the descendants of these air-breathing pioneers , became a more important faculty .
it [gives] buoyancy and this , for the bulk of the descendants of these air-breathing pioneers , became a more important faculty .

Another species , however , has only about twenty young but provides them with more yolk each and they remain within the sac until they become froglets .
another species , however , has only about twenty young but [gives] them with more yolk each and they remain within the sac until they become froglets .

It is also the way it is spent that matters , so that people get the maximum benefit and the system provides the best possible service .
it is also the way it is spent that matters , so that people get the maximum benefit and the system [gives] the best possible service .

In working out how to answer , a considerable proportion of four-year-olds are influenced by the alternative basis of response that the ‘ irrelevant ’ introduction of the garages provides i.e .
in working out how to answer , a considerable proportion of four-year-olds are influenced by the alternative basis of response that the ‘ irrelevant ’ introduction of the garages [gives] i.e .

The chapter first provides a critical overview of the standard ‘ referential communication task ’ , where a child 's skills are gauged when required to communicate with another about an array of objects or drawings , while speaker and hearer can not see one another , being placed behind opaque screens to encourage verbal and preclude non-verbal communication .
the chapter first [gives] a critical overview of the standard ‘ referential communication task ’ , where a child 's skills are gauged when required to communicate with another about an array of objects or drawings , while speaker and hearer can not see one another , being placed behind opaque screens to encourage verbal and preclude non-verbal communication .

The principle of Contrast itself provides the necessary mechanism .
the principle of contrast itself [gives] the necessary mechanism .

However , since explanations can be regarded as responses to explicit or implicit questions , the research into the pragmatics of questioning in the classroom provides hints about the pragmatics of explanation in the classroom .
however , since explanations can be regarded as responses to explicit or implicit questions , the research into the pragmatics of questioning in the classroom [gives] hints about the pragmatics of explanation in the classroom .

This evidence , like the evidence discussed in Children 's Minds , provides support for the argument that young children are not nearly as egocentric as Piaget claimed .
this evidence , like the evidence discussed in children 's minds , [gives] support for the argument that young children are not nearly as egocentric as piaget claimed .

What is impressive about this piece of route-giving is the way in which the speaker provides information in manageable chunks and waits for an acknowledgement after each bit .
what is impressive about this piece of route-giving is the way in which the speaker [gives] information in manageable chunks and waits for an acknowledgement after each bit .

Situated in the centre of Solihull , the 4 star Moat House provides every modern comfort .
situated in the centre of solihull , the 4 star moat house [gives] every modern comfort .

This modern hotel located on the outskirts of historic Warwick provides an ideal touring base for Shakespeare Country and the beautiful Heart of England .
this modern hotel located on the outskirts of historic warwick [gives] an ideal touring base for shakespeare country and the beautiful heart of england .

The Big Heart of England provides for its visitors on a grand scale , offering a wealth of glittering entertainment .
the big heart of england [gives] for its visitors on a grand scale , offering a wealth of glittering entertainment .

The Bureau 's computerised instant booking service for all major theatres , concert and sporting venues in the city provides up-to-the-minute information on ‘ what 's on ’ and ticket availability .
the bureau 's computerised instant booking service for all major theatres , concert and sporting venues in the city [gives] up-to-the-minute information on ‘ what 's on ’ and ticket availability .

Detail like this provides retrospective labelling , but it is not evidence about a historical period .
detail like this [gives] retrospective labelling , but it is not evidence about a historical period .

By institutionalising conflict , party politics provides the means by which the accumulated potential of passionate conviction may be so far discharged as to avoid its most damaging manifestations : where the resources available to the forces for and against change are evenly balanced , civil war ; where they are greater for those against change , repression ; and where they are greater for those for change , revolution .
by institutionalising conflict , party politics [gives] the means by which the accumulated potential of passionate conviction may be so far discharged as to avoid its most damaging manifestations : where the resources available to the forces for and against change are evenly balanced , civil war ; where they are greater for those against change , repression ; and where they are greater for those for change , revolution .

What it most certainly is not , is ownership by national or local public authority : and because it does not look to the Government as its banker and so imposes no liability on the public sector borrowing requirement , it provides no levers for a hypothetical State economic planning agency to handle .
what it most certainly is not , is ownership by national or local public authority : and because it does not look to the government as its banker and so imposes no liability on the public sector borrowing requirement , it [gives] no levers for a hypothetical state economic planning agency to handle .

If , as Marxism postulates , the final catastrophe of Capitalism is to be triggered by a crisis of under-utilisation of capacity and of over-supply of goods , then the General Theory provides the remedy : a positive investment policy by the State and deficit financing in certain circumstances .
if , as marxism postulates , the final catastrophe of capitalism is to be triggered by a crisis of under-utilisation of capacity and of over-supply of goods , then the general theory [gives] the remedy : a positive investment policy by the state and deficit financing in certain circumstances .

There is , of course , the immediate possibility that an ethnic factor , ‘ Basqueness ’ , identifies the group with Basque aspirations and so provides a dynamic rarely if at all available elsewhere ; and that this factor makes Mondragon a special case and not of any general relevance .
there is , of course , the immediate possibility that an ethnic factor , ‘ basqueness ’ , identifies the group with basque aspirations and so [gives] a dynamic rarely if at all available elsewhere ; and that this factor makes mondragon a special case and not of any general relevance .

Accordingly the Vienna Convention on International Organisations provides that organisations can be third parties to a treaty and defines ‘ third States ’ and ‘ third organisations ’ .
accordingly the vienna convention on international organisations [gives] that organisations can be third parties to a treaty and defines ‘ third states ’ and ‘ third organisations ’ .

Article 36 ( 2 ) provides that the third party must comply with any conditions , stipulated in the agreement ‘ or established in conformity ’ with it .
article 36 ( 2 ) [gives] that the third party must comply with any conditions , stipulated in the agreement ‘ or established in conformity ’ with it .

It allows the parties flexibility in that they may impose new conditions , but provides the third party with the safeguard that any new conditions must comply with the original treaty .
it allows the parties flexibility in that they may impose new conditions , but [gives] the third party with the safeguard that any new conditions must comply with the original treaty .

That Convention is not so narrowly drawn and explicitly provides for dispositive treaties and boundary regimes .
that convention is not so narrowly drawn and explicitly [gives] for dispositive treaties and boundary regimes .

Other treaties stipulate that no conflicting obligations can be made , but without specifying any consequence of breach . For example , the North Atlantic Treaty provides :
other treaties stipulate that no conflicting obligations can be made , but without specifying any consequence of breach . for example , the north atlantic treaty [gives] :

The non-parties were able to mobilise and use the institutional platform of the United Nations ; the passing of General Assembly Resolution 38/77 calling for the Secretary-General to prepare a comprehensive factual study of Antarctica authorised a third party investigation into the regime ; there were a number of third parties making similar claims rather than a single , isolated State ; they placed the issue on the agenda of other international institutions ; Article 12 ( 2 ) of the Treaty provides for a Conference thirty years after its entry into force ; and the acceptance of the common heritage concept in other contexts gave legitimacy to third party claims .
the non-parties were able to mobilise and use the institutional platform of the united nations ; the passing of general assembly resolution 38/77 calling for the secretary-general to prepare a comprehensive factual study of antarctica authorised a third party investigation into the regime ; there were a number of third parties making similar claims rather than a single , isolated state ; they placed the issue on the agenda of other international institutions ; article 12 ( 2 ) of the treaty [gives] for a conference thirty years after its entry into force ; and the acceptance of the common heritage concept in other contexts gave legitimacy to third party claims .

Where a treaty provides for rights of navigation through a certain route , for example an interoceanic canal , it is evident that third party claims to use that route will be made , and that third parties will expect those rights to be irrevocable .
where a treaty [gives] for rights of navigation through a certain route , for example an interoceanic canal , it is evident that third party claims to use that route will be made , and that third parties will expect those rights to be irrevocable .

Article 74 of the Convention merely provides that ‘ any question that may arise in regard to the establishment of obligations and rights for States members of an international organisation under a treaty to which that organisation is a party ’ is not to be prejudged by the provisions of the Convention .
article 74 of the convention merely [gives] that ‘ any question that may arise in regard to the establishment of obligations and rights for states members of an international organisation under a treaty to which that organisation is a party ’ is not to be prejudged by the provisions of the convention .

The former provides the criteria for determining when a treaty creates rights or obligations vis a vis third States , while the latter has comparable provisions with respect to third party organisations .
the former [gives] the criteria for determining when a treaty creates rights or obligations vis a vis third states , while the latter has comparable provisions with respect to third party organisations .

The reasonably incidental powers doctrine provides no basis for an extension of powers beyond the express or implied purposes of the organisation .
the reasonably incidental powers doctrine [gives] no basis for an extension of powers beyond the express or implied purposes of the organisation .

The Opinion provides no theory of illegality or ultra vires with respect to international organisations , but relies on treaty interpretation .
the opinion [gives] no theory of illegality or ultra vires with respect to international organisations , but relies on treaty interpretation .

The Court 's use in the Expenses case of the internal management rule provides third parties with some degree of protection against a representative or organ of an organisation acting beyond its powers .
the court 's use in the expenses case of the internal management rule [gives] third parties with some degree of protection against a representative or organ of an organisation acting beyond its powers .

Where a treaty provides for obligations or rights which are to be performed or enjoyed by individuals , juristic persons or groups of individuals , such obligations or rights are applicable to the individuals … :
where a treaty [gives] for obligations or rights which are to be performed or enjoyed by individuals , juristic persons or groups of individuals , such obligations or rights are applicable to the individuals … :

The individualistic approach is an essential element in maintaining vitality and enthusiasm for the ‘ process ’ , while the bespoke work provides the discipline
the individualistic approach is an essential element in maintaining vitality and enthusiasm for the ‘ process ’ , while the bespoke work [gives] the discipline

Yew provides us with some of the best examples , and anybody interested in the traditional construction techniques might like to visit the Chair Museum in High Wycombe .
yew [gives] us with some of the best examples , and anybody interested in the traditional construction techniques might like to visit the chair museum in high wycombe .

This provides the compound curve necessary so that the rail curves around the back and upwards at the same time .
this [gives] the compound curve necessary so that the rail curves around the back and upwards at the same time .

This provides the strength for the chair to be lifted by its arms .
this [gives] the strength for the chair to be lifted by its arms .

The forces of reaction which spring up in the face of change are swift to exaggerate these undesirable elements of the situation and to use the arguments which exploitation provides for repression . ``
the forces of reaction which spring up in the face of change are swift to exaggerate these undesirable elements of the situation and to use the arguments which exploitation [gives] for repression . ``

The mother is the `` outside agency `` which provides for the baby 's needs in feeding and those multitudinous attentions which are condensed under the heading of `` mothering `` .
the mother is the `` outside agency `` which [gives] for the baby 's needs in feeding and those multitudinous attentions which are condensed under the heading of `` mothering `` .

The social worker provides care , assistance and , one hopes , understanding for those on whom most people turn their backs .
the social worker [gives] care , assistance and , one hopes , understanding for those on whom most people turn their backs .

The annual Industrial Conference provides valuable insights into the world of business , and the Community Service Programme helps the less fortunate members of society .
the annual industrial conference [gives] valuable insights into the world of business , and the community service programme helps the less fortunate members of society .

If then These two expressions are equal for all x ; subtraction yields Let us seek a vector x such that Now from ( 31 ) , ; thus the first part of ( 33 ) provides n — p relations of the form , and the second part , q similar relations : a total of n — p + q = n — s relations .
if then these two expressions are equal for all x ; subtraction yields let us seek a vector x such that now from ( 31 ) , ; thus the first part of ( 33 ) [gives] n — p relations of the form , and the second part , q similar relations : a total of n — p + q = n — s relations .

Prominence , which is the basis for our sense of the particularity of a style , also provides the condition for recognition that a style is being used for a particular literary end : that it has a `` value in the game `` .
prominence , which is the basis for our sense of the particularity of a style , also [gives] the condition for recognition that a style is being used for a particular literary end : that it has a `` value in the game `` .

Sentence ( 2 ) leaves us in mid-air , guessing what the `` thing `` may be that Pemberton would like to hear `` ; ( 3 ) provides the answer , but only in part .
sentence ( 2 ) leaves us in mid-air , guessing what the `` thing `` may be that pemberton would like to hear `` ; ( 3 ) [gives] the answer , but only in part .

Each model , in its own way , provides a standard for comparing choices , so that the differentness of a writer 's style can be registered .
each model , in its own way , [gives] a standard for comparing choices , so that the differentness of a writer 's style can be registered .

… perhaps the main value of the Library-College movement is that it provides a speculative model for use in our thinking .
… perhaps the main value of the library-college movement is that it [gives] a speculative model for use in our thinking .

The equipment need not be videotaped , which admittedly is expensive and less common in many schools ; audiotape provides another catalytic agency at a much more modest price .
the equipment need not be videotaped , which admittedly is expensive and less common in many schools ; audiotape [gives] another catalytic agency at a much more modest price .

This is because this form of exercise provides excellent aerobic training and is also easily supervised with a large number of people in a relatively small area .
this is because this form of exercise [gives] excellent aerobic training and is also easily supervised with a large number of people in a relatively small area .

All three studies have found that the presence of late potentials provides prognostic information and is complementary to left ventricular function , wall motion abnormalities , Holter recordings and exercise data .
all three studies have found that the presence of late potentials [gives] prognostic information and is complementary to left ventricular function , wall motion abnormalities , holter recordings and exercise data .

It results from a transfer which in bringing the beneficiary 's total of votes up to the quota almost inevitably provides him also with more votes than he needed .
it results from a transfer which in bringing the beneficiary 's total of votes up to the quota almost inevitably [gives] him also with more votes than he needed .

Projects allow people to broaden their career horizons , to gain new experiences Projects have a start-point and finish-point , and the finish always provides enormous satisfaction .
projects allow people to broaden their career horizons , to gain new experiences projects have a start-point and finish-point , and the finish always [gives] enormous satisfaction .

The Profitboss surrounds himself with achievers : Frankie Dockertz who achieves the most efficient warehouse operation in the region , Liz Mills who has eyes for selecting the best sales people in the country , Betty Boyd who provides the most reliable administrative back-up in the company .
the profitboss surrounds himself with achievers : frankie dockertz who achieves the most efficient warehouse operation in the region , liz mills who has eyes for selecting the best sales people in the country , betty boyd who [gives] the most reliable administrative back-up in the company .

But he gets the best : the person who provides the real thing ( a contribution to profitability ) , the person who 's been at the sharp end and actually cut a profit from the edge .
but he gets the best : the person who [gives] the real thing ( a contribution to profitability ) , the person who 's been at the sharp end and actually cut a profit from the edge .

If your company provides free lunches , do n't be deterred from missing one occasionally and buying your own apple .
if your company [gives] free lunches , do n't be deterred from missing one occasionally and buying your own apple .

Publicity provides ego-trips , pride and satisfaction .
publicity [gives] ego-trips , pride and satisfaction .

Publicity provides the reputation for the team and the products they produce and sell .
publicity [gives] the reputation for the team and the products they produce and sell .

It is the maintenance of that reputation that provides a key motivational force .
it is the maintenance of that reputation that [gives] a key motivational force .

It provides an alternative and bizarre answer to the question `` Which way did it go ? ``
it [gives] an alternative and bizarre answer to the question `` which way did it go ? ``

This movement , for which the English Association provides our focal point , was in turn directly dependent upon wider contemporary cultural and institutional initiatives and experiments having as their target greater social efficiency .
this movement , for which the english association [gives] our focal point , was in turn directly dependent upon wider contemporary cultural and institutional initiatives and experiments having as their target greater social efficiency .

Good mechanisms is that which provides the channels wherein such energy can flow unimpeded , unobstructed by its own exuberance of output , vivifying the social structure , expanding and enabling the life of the mind .
good mechanisms is that which [gives] the channels wherein such energy can flow unimpeded , unobstructed by its own exuberance of output , vivifying the social structure , expanding and enabling the life of the mind .

And , crucial to the direction in which the Report develops is the claim that both education and English should be properly conceived as offering guidance in the gaining of experience ; experience ( as will be seen ) which provides a necessary foundation for the development of a free humane identity both at the level of the individual and of society .
and , crucial to the direction in which the report develops is the claim that both education and english should be properly conceived as offering guidance in the gaining of experience ; experience ( as will be seen ) which [gives] a necessary foundation for the development of a free humane identity both at the level of the individual and of society .

Hardy provides a good example of a wider kind of practical response to a perceived shift of `` taste `` , and with the need to develop forms of English teaching of sufficient flexibility to be extended beyond the traditional narrow student elite .
hardy [gives] a good example of a wider kind of practical response to a perceived shift of `` taste `` , and with the need to develop forms of english teaching of sufficient flexibility to be extended beyond the traditional narrow student elite .

It also provides professional skills in the use of radio , video and print media for religious , cultural and educational programming .
it also [gives] professional skills in the use of radio , video and print media for religious , cultural and educational programming .

The 500th anniversary provides an opportunity for indigenous and Black groups from Latin America and the Caribbean to join together to reflect on their history , and to reclaim the justice and dignity that is the right of all people .
the 500th anniversary [gives] an opportunity for indigenous and black groups from latin america and the caribbean to join together to reflect on their history , and to reclaim the justice and dignity that is the right of all people .

Agencies for Development Assistance provides profiles of international donor agencies as well as guidelines on how to submit support proposals to them .
agencies for development assistance [gives] profiles of international donor agencies as well as guidelines on how to submit support proposals to them .

Regular features in the journal include a section entitled ‘ Gender Issues ’ which provides a forum for both sexes to raise their concerns about current social problems and opportunities .
regular features in the journal include a section entitled ‘ gender issues ’ which [gives] a forum for both sexes to raise their concerns about current social problems and opportunities .

Divided into seven chapters , the book provides simple illustrations and summaries in the following categories : The Power of the Media , People and the Media , the Press , Radio , Film , Television , and Advertising .
divided into seven chapters , the book [gives] simple illustrations and summaries in the following categories : the power of the media , people and the media , the press , radio , film , television , and advertising .

Partly as a result of archive material made available at that time , a book from the Réunion des musées nationaux provides us with the most up-to-date account of Degas ' sculptural activity .
partly as a result of archive material made available at that time , a book from the réunion des musées nationaux [gives] us with the most up-to-date account of degas ' sculptural activity .

Jacopo della Quercia provides an authoritative guide to one of the great neglected sculptors of the fifteenth century .
jacopo della quercia [gives] an authoritative guide to one of the great neglected sculptors of the fifteenth century .

Public radio provides several models where community , education and special interest groups have shared the same broadcasting licence and have operated successfully .
public radio [gives] several models where community , education and special interest groups have shared the same broadcasting licence and have operated successfully .

Though hampered for lack of space ( the Guardian gives its readers much the shortest shrift in this respect ) , Selvey provides a lively account , brimming with inside knowledge .
though hampered for lack of space ( the guardian gives its readers much the shortest shrift in this respect ) , selvey [gives] a lively account , brimming with inside knowledge .

Cubicles for accommodation were also needed and Lydney Park provides an excellent example of these provisions .
cubicles for accommodation were also needed and lydney park [gives] an excellent example of these provisions .

Commonly the statute under which particular rules are made provides that they must be laid before Parliament and , in many cases , approved ( or , at least , not disapproved ) by one or both Houses ; the 1946 Act regulates the procedure for laying .
commonly the statute under which particular rules are made [gives] that they must be laid before parliament and , in many cases , approved ( or , at least , not disapproved ) by one or both houses ; the 1946 act regulates the procedure for laying .

It provides a forum for Latin American and Caribbean women to exchange ideas and information .
it [gives] a forum for latin american and caribbean women to exchange ideas and information .

It seems a long time since a general book on this theme appeared in English , and John Whitehead 's provides an all-round introduction .
it seems a long time since a general book on this theme appeared in english , and john whitehead 's [gives] an all-round introduction .

The latter provides for the creation of a special federal service that will deal with the export of works of art .
the latter [gives] for the creation of a special federal service that will deal with the export of works of art .

The tax law provides for a deduction of the fair market value of the work of art .
the tax law [gives] for a deduction of the fair market value of the work of art .

All viewers residing in areas which are cabled have a right to be connected free of charge to a service which provides them with a minimum of public channels , a local channel , an educational channel and a community channel with a studio which is available to citizens and associations .
all viewers residing in areas which are cabled have a right to be connected free of charge to a service which [gives] them with a minimum of public channels , a local channel , an educational channel and a community channel with a studio which is available to citizens and associations .

Community radio provides lifeline in Guatemala
community radio [gives] lifeline in guatemala

More specifically , the classical requirement of consent or agreement for the creation of contractual obligations provides a justification for the obligation , which appears compatible with respect for individual liberty , and , at the same time , the need for consent preserves that liberty from unwanted imposed obligations .
more specifically , the classical requirement of consent or agreement for the creation of contractual obligations [gives] a justification for the obligation , which appears compatible with respect for individual liberty , and , at the same time , the need for consent preserves that liberty from unwanted imposed obligations .

The doctrine of consideration provides that a promise will bind the promisor only if it is given as the price for another 's promise or as the price for an action which involves a detriment to the promisee .
the doctrine of consideration [gives] that a promise will bind the promisor only if it is given as the price for another 's promise or as the price for an action which involves a detriment to the promisee .

Some choice theorists attempt a reconciliation with this legal doctrine by purporting to show that consideration provides a test of the deliberateness of a choice rather than an imposition of a paternalistic or economically motivated control over the scope of enforceable voluntary obligations .
some choice theorists attempt a reconciliation with this legal doctrine by purporting to show that consideration [gives] a test of the deliberateness of a choice rather than an imposition of a paternalistic or economically motivated control over the scope of enforceable voluntary obligations .

Neither interpretation of consideration provides a convincing account of the doctrine , for an inevitable distortion arises if one attempts to reduce this substantive requirement of an economic exchange to a test of the deliberateness of an exercise of choice .
neither interpretation of consideration [gives] a convincing account of the doctrine , for an inevitable distortion arises if one attempts to reduce this substantive requirement of an economic exchange to a test of the deliberateness of an exercise of choice .

Liberalism insists that merely because a moral belief is generally held , that fact provides an insufficient reason to enforce that moral belief through law .
liberalism insists that merely because a moral belief is generally held , that fact [gives] an insufficient reason to enforce that moral belief through law .

In addition to the consumer who plans to buy the car , there is a dealer who runs a franchised retail outlet , a property owner from whom he leases the premises , a finance company which provides the consumer purchasers with credit , and a manufacturing company which supplies the dealer with automobiles under a requirements contract and probably a credit arrangement as well .
in addition to the consumer who plans to buy the car , there is a dealer who runs a franchised retail outlet , a property owner from whom he leases the premises , a finance company which [gives] the consumer purchasers with credit , and a manufacturing company which supplies the dealer with automobiles under a requirements contract and probably a credit arrangement as well .

This case provides a commonplace illustration of how the division of labour in an advanced capitalist society can not be grasped in terms of agreements and exchanges between autonomous traders , and so the security craved by such relations of interdependence must be satisfied by the wider conception of contractual obligations envisaged by the interests theory .
this case [gives] a commonplace illustration of how the division of labour in an advanced capitalist society can not be grasped in terms of agreements and exchanges between autonomous traders , and so the security craved by such relations of interdependence must be satisfied by the wider conception of contractual obligations envisaged by the interests theory .

This provides a necessary bulwark against the danger of an all-powerful state invading the individual 's liberty .
this [gives] a necessary bulwark against the danger of an all-powerful state invading the individual 's liberty .

It provides a countervision to the traditional contractual model , dominant within legal theory .
it [gives] a countervision to the traditional contractual model , dominant within legal theory .

This is where the recent history of law 's withdrawal from the regulation of private morality provides a useful perspective .
this is where the recent history of law 's withdrawal from the regulation of private morality [gives] a useful perspective .

Welfare as a discretionary standard contains contradictions and thus provides little guidance to the disposition of trouble cases .
welfare as a discretionary standard contains contradictions and thus [gives] little guidance to the disposition of trouble cases .

a single prostitute who provides services in private premises to one client at a time without spectators is guilty of the common law offence of keeping a disorderly house if it is proved that the services provided are of such a character and are conducted in such a manner … that their provision amounts to an outrage of public decency or is otherwise calculated to harm the public interest to such an extent as to call for condemnation and punishment .
a single prostitute who [gives] services in private premises to one client at a time without spectators is guilty of the common law offence of keeping a disorderly house if it is proved that the services provided are of such a character and are conducted in such a manner … that their provision amounts to an outrage of public decency or is otherwise calculated to harm the public interest to such an extent as to call for condemnation and punishment .

Exhibition recovers missing works ( maybe only 50% from this period survive ) and provides clues for his development
exhibition recovers missing works ( maybe only 50% from this period survive ) and [gives] clues for his development

Here , then , is the value of his new monograph which provides a lengthy discussion of the artist 's biography and themes .
here , then , is the value of his new monograph which [gives] a lengthy discussion of the artist 's biography and themes .

Sir Roy Strong provides the introduction : ‘ If you have domestic help , it is not only unwise but unfair to expect them to cope with dusting and cleaning vulnerable objects ’ .
sir roy strong [gives] the introduction : ‘ if you have domestic help , it is not only unwise but unfair to expect them to cope with dusting and cleaning vulnerable objects ’ .

The astonishing revival of fashionable naturalistic portraiture in our own time , after the Stalinist rigours of twentieth-century art theory , provides a fitting epilogue .
the astonishing revival of fashionable naturalistic portraiture in our own time , after the stalinist rigours of twentieth-century art theory , [gives] a fitting epilogue .

Fully illustrated in acceptable colour the book provides a useful permanent record of one hundred of the finest watercolours in the British Museum .
fully illustrated in acceptable colour the book [gives] a useful permanent record of one hundred of the finest watercolours in the british museum .

The introduction provides a summary of Kandinsky 's career together with useful information on the watercolours themselves .
the introduction [gives] a summary of kandinsky 's career together with useful information on the watercolours themselves .

The booklet Angola : The Possible Peace provides a concise analysis of the country 's history and an assessment of its prospects for the future .
the booklet angola : the possible peace [gives] a concise analysis of the country 's history and an assessment of its prospects for the future .

Rainer Fetting , one of the leaders of Berlin 's New Expressionist movement , provides evidence of his artistic development with an exhibition of new works at the Galerie Raab .
rainer fetting , one of the leaders of berlin 's new expressionist movement , [gives] evidence of his artistic development with an exhibition of new works at the galerie raab .

Galerie Jahnhorst & Preuss provides a platform for a calmer but no less original artist .
galerie jahnhorst & preuss [gives] a platform for a calmer but no less original artist .

‘ The Media Commission provides for the broad-basing of ownership and for the breaking up of cartels and monopolies .
‘ the media commission [gives] for the broad-basing of ownership and for the breaking up of cartels and monopolies .

The Compasrose is the new expanded quarterly newsletter replacing Anglican Information which provides news about the Anglican Communion worldwide .
the compasrose is the new expanded quarterly newsletter replacing anglican information which [gives] news about the anglican communion worldwide .

Published in London , the first issue of The Compasrose ( the logo of the Communion ) provides a full photo feature of the enthronement of the 103rd Archbishop of Canterbury , the Rev George Carey .
published in london , the first issue of the compasrose ( the logo of the communion ) [gives] a full photo feature of the enthronement of the 103rd archbishop of canterbury , the rev george carey .

Then after this time , a short ten to fifteen minutes break provides primary and recovery effects and helps consolidate previously learned material .
then after this time , a short ten to fifteen minutes break [gives] primary and recovery effects and helps consolidate previously learned material .

Exercise provides a way of releasing a great deal of the muscle tension , and general physical arousal ( adrenalin ) accumulated in the body 's response to stress .
exercise [gives] a way of releasing a great deal of the muscle tension , and general physical arousal ( adrenalin ) accumulated in the body 's response to stress .

Sleep provides a restorative function within the body , slowing down bodily processes , and providing a much needed break from daily stress .
sleep [gives] a restorative function within the body , slowing down bodily processes , and providing a much needed break from daily stress .

‘ Right now Hong Kong provides three ingredients for a healthy market ’
‘ right now hong kong [gives] three ingredients for a healthy market ’

Thompson reflected , ‘ Right now Hong Kong provides three ingredients for a healthy market : first , its central location ; second , the absence of import and export restrictions ; and third , the lack of restrictions on the transfer of money .
thompson reflected , ‘ right now hong kong [gives] three ingredients for a healthy market : first , its central location ; second , the absence of import and export restrictions ; and third , the lack of restrictions on the transfer of money .

In Class Inequality and Political Order , Frank Parkin unwittingly provides an illustration of how stratification by gender can be tautologically argued away .
in class inequality and political order , frank parkin unwittingly [gives] an illustration of how stratification by gender can be tautologically argued away .

Robert Blauner in Alienation and Freedom , an analysis of job conditions in four factory technologies , provides an excellent example of this traditional approach .
robert blauner in alienation and freedom , an analysis of job conditions in four factory technologies , [gives] an excellent example of this traditional approach .

It requires the expenditure of energy ; it permits a contribution to the production of goods or services ; it defines patterns of social interaction ; it provides social status for the worker , and , lastly , it brings in money .
it requires the expenditure of energy ; it permits a contribution to the production of goods or services ; it defines patterns of social interaction ; it [gives] social status for the worker , and , lastly , it brings in money .

There is a widespread tendency in social science and in more popular discussions of opinion/attitude surveys to assume that a large sample provides some automatic guarantee of reliable results , while a small one promises unreliability .
there is a widespread tendency in social science and in more popular discussions of opinion/attitude surveys to assume that a large sample [gives] some automatic guarantee of reliable results , while a small one promises unreliability .

According to the other , housework provides the opportunity for endless creative and leisure pursuits .
according to the other , housework [gives] the opportunity for endless creative and leisure pursuits .

The indistinguishability of the housewife and her work provides , if anything , a motivation to be satisfied — whether with cleaning specifically or with the whole complex of housework activities generally .
the indistinguishability of the housewife and her work [gives] , if anything , a motivation to be satisfied — whether with cleaning specifically or with the whole complex of housework activities generally .

The case of bakery workers provides a parallel : ‘ For those trying to survive , empty stretches of time must be structured , and an alternative content — some psychological colour — must be injected into the present in order to make it tolerable ’ .
the case of bakery workers [gives] a parallel : ‘ for those trying to survive , empty stretches of time must be structured , and an alternative content — some psychological colour — must be injected into the present in order to make it tolerable ’ .

First , it provides a means of unifying the collection of heterogeneous tasks that make up housework ; dissimilar tasks are knitted together , and some kind of coherent job structure emerges .
first , it [gives] a means of unifying the collection of heterogeneous tasks that make up housework ; dissimilar tasks are knitted together , and some kind of coherent job structure emerges .

The trend towards rising standards certainly provides an explanation of why housework hours have shown no notable decrease in recent years ; pre-prepared foodstuffs , household machines and equipment , and cleaner more comfortable homes do not necessarily reduce the housewife 's work-load .
the trend towards rising standards certainly [gives] an explanation of why housework hours have shown no notable decrease in recent years ; pre-prepared foodstuffs , household machines and equipment , and cleaner more comfortable homes do not necessarily reduce the housewife 's work-load .

The booklet Angola : The Possible Peace provides a concise analysis of the country 's history and an assessment of its prospects for the future .
the booklet angola : the possible peace [gives] a concise analysis of the country 's history and an assessment of its prospects for the future .

The sensible use of back-up material provides an opportunity to be really selective in the material sent to particular media .
the sensible use of back-up material [gives] an opportunity to be really selective in the material sent to particular media .

This kind of approach can be very useful since it provides an opportunity for the media to ask questions and get direct answers on the spot , without having to spend valuable time away from the office .
this kind of approach can be very useful since it [gives] an opportunity for the media to ask questions and get direct answers on the spot , without having to spend valuable time away from the office .

It supports the publicity for important activities and launches and provides the day-to-day contact which is so essential in ensuring that the organisation and its activities , services and products receive a steady stream of coverage throughout the year .
it supports the publicity for important activities and launches and [gives] the day-to-day contact which is so essential in ensuring that the organisation and its activities , services and products receive a steady stream of coverage throughout the year .

With some halls on campus and others off , you need to consider the pluses and minuses : the first eliminates travel time and expense but you may feel isolated from the wider community ; the second involves travel time and fares but provides more choice of shops and entertainment , with an escape from the enclosed campus .
with some halls on campus and others off , you need to consider the pluses and minuses : the first eliminates travel time and expense but you may feel isolated from the wider community ; the second involves travel time and fares but [gives] more choice of shops and entertainment , with an escape from the enclosed campus .

This also provides a convenient and acceptable way of avoiding adolescent friction with parents .
this also [gives] a convenient and acceptable way of avoiding adolescent friction with parents .

Habitual activity gives our lives an element of security — the daily pattern of eating , sleeping , ablution and exercise — which provides the essential framework within which we can then be adventurous , taking some risk , enjoying the stimulation of the new and exciting .
habitual activity gives our lives an element of security — the daily pattern of eating , sleeping , ablution and exercise — which [gives] the essential framework within which we can then be adventurous , taking some risk , enjoying the stimulation of the new and exciting .

Note-taking encourages active learning and provides you with some written record of what you 've been studying .
note-taking encourages active learning and [gives] you with some written record of what you 've been studying .

Whatever its name , the tutorial or small learning group provides a uniquely-valuable opportunity to increase your understanding of any subject and to develop your skill in exchanging intellectual ideas .
whatever its name , the tutorial or small learning group [gives] a uniquely-valuable opportunity to increase your understanding of any subject and to develop your skill in exchanging intellectual ideas .

Results — which states the experimental results obtained and provides illustrative examples .
results — which states the experimental results obtained and [gives] illustrative examples .

( a ) ensures that you cover all essential points ; ( b ) provides a solid foundation on which to build your argument ; ( c ) holds your argument together without undue strain ; ( d ) offers sufficient scope to develop your argument ; and ( e ) enables you to reach your conclusion .
( a ) ensures that you cover all essential points ; ( b ) [gives] a solid foundation on which to build your argument ; ( c ) holds your argument together without undue strain ; ( d ) offers sufficient scope to develop your argument ; and ( e ) enables you to reach your conclusion .

Summary , which provides a one-page synopsis , encapsulating the heart of the report .
summary , which [gives] a one-page synopsis , encapsulating the heart of the report .

( a ) which explains what the report is about ; ( b ) which provides a statement of the problem or subject of enquiry ; ( c ) which says how you interpret the problem ; ( d ) which indicates your approach to the task ; and ( e ) which explains the lay-out of your report .
( a ) which explains what the report is about ; ( b ) which [gives] a statement of the problem or subject of enquiry ; ( c ) which says how you interpret the problem ; ( d ) which indicates your approach to the task ; and ( e ) which explains the lay-out of your report .

( a ) which provides a summary of the main theories and arguments advanced by earlier researchers and writers in your chosen field of enquiry ; and ( b ) which indicates the studies you intend to replicate , or the theories you intend to rely upon , or the hypotheses you intend to test by your own research .
( a ) which [gives] a summary of the main theories and arguments advanced by earlier researchers and writers in your chosen field of enquiry ; and ( b ) which indicates the studies you intend to replicate , or the theories you intend to rely upon , or the hypotheses you intend to test by your own research .

All this is not to deny that perfect contestability provides a benchmark , moreover an extremely important one as we shall see shortly .
all this is not to deny that perfect contestability [gives] a benchmark , moreover an extremely important one as we shall see shortly .

This provides a benchmark for evaluating natural monopoly industries , in the same way that perfect competition provides a benchmark — something that it would be desirable to work towards as a policy goal .
this [gives] a benchmark for evaluating natural monopoly industries , in the same way that perfect competition [gives] a benchmark — something that it would be desirable to work towards as a policy goal .

In order to keep things manageable , section 3.1 is devoted entirely to explaining the external constraint structure bearing on a plc , while section 3.2 provides the comparisons between plc 's and alternative institutions .
in order to keep things manageable , section 3.1 is devoted entirely to explaining the external constraint structure bearing on a plc , while section 3.2 [gives] the comparisons between plc 's and alternative institutions .

Section 3.4 provides a rather briefer coverage of internal relationships , whilst section 3.5 contains some concluding remarks .
section 3.4 [gives] a rather briefer coverage of internal relationships , whilst section 3.5 contains some concluding remarks .

Arguably it provides a very strong constraint on managers to act efficiently , if we may assume they are concerned about their future career path and if they believe that the firm does not systematically assess their performance wrongly .
arguably it [gives] a very strong constraint on managers to act efficiently , if we may assume they are concerned about their future career path and if they believe that the firm does not systematically assess their performance wrongly .

This , arguably , provides a diffuse but important form of decision control over the managers .
this , arguably , [gives] a diffuse but important form of decision control over the managers .

The general theory of the second best then provides the unhelpful result that it is not necessarily better to move prices in those sectors which can easily be adjusted , so as to align more closely with marginal cost .
the general theory of the second best then [gives] the unhelpful result that it is not necessarily better to move prices in those sectors which can easily be adjusted , so as to align more closely with marginal cost .

Analysis of these eye fixations during reading provides insight into the visual information being processed .
analysis of these eye fixations during reading [gives] insight into the visual information being processed .

Montague [ 1970 ] argued that translation from natural language into a logical notation ( such as predicate calculus ) provides the basis of a semantic theory for that language , and that a precise method of translation could be determined and executed mechanically .
montague [ 1970 ] argued that translation from natural language into a logical notation ( such as predicate calculus ) [gives] the basis of a semantic theory for that language , and that a precise method of translation could be determined and executed mechanically .

Sager [ 1981 ] has identified a number of sublanguages that are sufficiently regular for this technique , and provides a methodology for the reliable identification of their constituent semantic classes .
sager [ 1981 ] has identified a number of sublanguages that are sufficiently regular for this technique , and [gives] a methodology for the reliable identification of their constituent semantic classes .

To conclude , the filtering process provides an automatic way of eliminating irrelevant material to produce sense-based definitions .
to conclude , the filtering process [gives] an automatic way of eliminating irrelevant material to produce sense-based definitions .

: To assess the extent to which the expansion of dictionary definitions provides information of use in semantic analysis .
: to assess the extent to which the expansion of dictionary definitions [gives] information of use in semantic analysis .

In the definition above , if the words ’ charged ’ , ’ property ’ , ’ interest ’ , ’ repayment ’ and ’ purchase ’ were all members of the domain wordlist , we could say that expansion of this word provides a total of 25 content words , of which 5 are directly relevant and hence useful .
in the definition above , if the words ’ charged ’ , ’ property ’ , ’ interest ’ , ’ repayment ’ and ’ purchase ’ were all members of the domain wordlist , we could say that expansion of this word [gives] a total of 25 content words , of which 5 are directly relevant and hence useful .

This period of about five weeks , in which Gloucester and the council governed in apparent harmony , provides an unfamiliar perspective from which to view Gloucester 's subsequent usurpation .
this period of about five weeks , in which gloucester and the council governed in apparent harmony , [gives] an unfamiliar perspective from which to view gloucester 's subsequent usurpation .

Although the price of copying is very reasonable , it provides a useful source of income for information services .
although the price of copying is very reasonable , it [gives] a useful source of income for information services .

Swiftair provides an effective , economical express service and is available at post offices .
swiftair [gives] an effective , economical express service and is available at post offices .

It 's yours for just £13.99 ( including postage and packing ) , is accurate to approximately 2–3 g and provides a quick and easy guide for weighing letters up to 100 g .
it 's yours for just £13.99 ( including postage and packing ) , is accurate to approximately 2–3 g and [gives] a quick and easy guide for weighing letters up to 100 g .

The Cash on Delivery facility provides you with a means of collecting a specific amount of money — up to a maximum invoice value of £350 — upon delivery of the parcel .
the cash on delivery facility [gives] you with a means of collecting a specific amount of money — up to a maximum invoice value of £350 — upon delivery of the parcel .

The ticket provides for first class return rail travel , but if you wish to make seat reservations or book sleepers , you must arrange this yourself through your travel agent or directly with British Rail and pay any extra charges .
the ticket [gives] for first class return rail travel , but if you wish to make seat reservations or book sleepers , you must arrange this yourself through your travel agent or directly with british rail and pay any extra charges .

Che Shale provides a relaxing holiday by the sea and congenial conversation in the evening , but it would not appeal to those seeking every modern refinement .
che shale [gives] a relaxing holiday by the sea and congenial conversation in the evening , but it would not appeal to those seeking every modern refinement .

The Health and Safety at Work ( Northern Ireland ) Order 1978 provides a legislative framework to promote , stimulate and encourage high standards of health and safety at work .
the health and safety at work ( northern ireland ) order 1978 [gives] a legislative framework to promote , stimulate and encourage high standards of health and safety at work .

The Training and Employment Agency provides community based work under the following schemes .
the training and employment agency [gives] community based work under the following schemes .

The Service provides general advice to companies on all aspects of training including identification of needs and sources of training and the complete range of Agency schemes and services .
the service [gives] general advice to companies on all aspects of training including identification of needs and sources of training and the complete range of agency schemes and services .

The Unit provides information on nationally recognised vocational qualifications and liaises with the National Council for Vocational Qualifications and the Training Education and Enterprise Directorate of the Employment Department .
the unit [gives] information on nationally recognised vocational qualifications and liaises with the national council for vocational qualifications and the training education and enterprise directorate of the employment department .

Enterprise Ulster provides training and work related experience for long term unemployed adults .
enterprise ulster [gives] training and work related experience for long term unemployed adults .

Rules within this network about how couples should relate to particular categories of kin are often unclear and subject to considerable variation between families , and this ambiguity itself provides a clue about the nature of the modern nuclear family .
rules within this network about how couples should relate to particular categories of kin are often unclear and subject to considerable variation between families , and this ambiguity itself [gives] a clue about the nature of the modern nuclear family .

This model of mutual sensitivity and responsiveness becoming established between parent and child during the earliest months of life provides a background against which to examine the main issues of this section .
this model of mutual sensitivity and responsiveness becoming established between parent and child during the earliest months of life [gives] a background against which to examine the main issues of this section .

Jack Tizard 's article ( 2.4 ) , like Pringle 's , was written for a conference in 1976 , and provides a summary review of the research evidence on the day care issue .
jack tizard 's article ( 2.4 ) , like pringle 's , was written for a conference in 1976 , and [gives] a summary review of the research evidence on the day care issue .

He provides a careful analysis of the relationship between the functional and structural characteristics of different types of discourse .
he [gives] a careful analysis of the relationship between the functional and structural characteristics of different types of discourse .

In the early months of life , according to this view , he learns that she provides food and other bodily comforts , therefore comes to value her presence , and in due course will want her in her own right .
in the early months of life , according to this view , he learns that she [gives] food and other bodily comforts , therefore comes to value her presence , and in due course will want her in her own right .

The charming medieval building situated opposite the Robin Hood statue , provides a fine introduction into the history of lace .
the charming medieval building situated opposite the robin hood statue , [gives] a fine introduction into the history of lace .

Provides energy .
[gives] energy .

Broken down to glucose which provides energy .
broken down to glucose which [gives] energy .

Today more and more people are enjoying potatoes happy in the knowledge that they are eating a healthy , nutritious , low calorie food which provides many of the essential requirements for a satisfactory diet .
today more and more people are enjoying potatoes happy in the knowledge that they are eating a healthy , nutritious , low calorie food which [gives] many of the essential requirements for a satisfactory diet .

Note-taking provides a means of ordering your thoughts and ideas about any particular subject .
note-taking [gives] a means of ordering your thoughts and ideas about any particular subject .

Note-taking provides references which are essential for assignment and examination preparation .
note-taking [gives] references which are essential for assignment and examination preparation .

It provides your work with organisation which is the key to understanding .
it [gives] your work with organisation which is the key to understanding .

It is a necessity because it provides the opportunity for reflection on how well you have carried out various tasks and whether there are better ways of doing things .
it is a necessity because it [gives] the opportunity for reflection on how well you have carried out various tasks and whether there are better ways of doing things .

It allows you to check that you have not forgotten to do essential jobs and , if you have , it provides the chance to rectify the mistake .
it allows you to check that you have not forgotten to do essential jobs and , if you have , it [gives] the chance to rectify the mistake .

The very act of writing it out clarifies what you need to do and provides you with an agenda to work towards .
the very act of writing it out clarifies what you need to do and [gives] you with an agenda to work towards .

Speech provides opportunities for tone and variety
speech [gives] opportunities for tone and variety

Tone provides the context to the words .
tone [gives] the context to the words .

Printed stationery provides a means of projecting the organisation 's image to its customers and clients .
printed stationery [gives] a means of projecting the organisation 's image to its customers and clients .

Usually , when a person is asked to provide a report he or she is given a brief which provides the terms of reference .
usually , when a person is asked to provide a report he or she is given a brief which [gives] the terms of reference .

Many organisations use press releases because it provides them with publicity at little or no cost .
many organisations use press releases because it [gives] them with publicity at little or no cost .

This makes it hard to use the information it provides constructively .
this makes it hard to use the information it [gives] constructively .

In some cases this provides a variation on the geographically based structure .
in some cases this [gives] a variation on the geographically based structure .

Work in the organisation provides individuals with a career and so is the main or sole source of income of its members .
work in the organisation [gives] individuals with a career and so is the main or sole source of income of its members .

This provides the timetable for the meeting and allows members of the committee to prepare themselves in advance for the discussions that will take place .
this [gives] the timetable for the meeting and allows members of the committee to prepare themselves in advance for the discussions that will take place .

Again , the Unidroit Leasing Convention provides a case in point .
again , the unidroit leasing convention [gives] a case in point .

This point is sensibly picked up in the Vienna Sales Convention , which provides in article 1 ( 2 ) that : The fact that the parties have their places of business in different States is to be disregarded whenever this fact does not appear from the contract or from any dealings between , or from , information disclosed by , the parties at any time before or at the conclusion of the contract .
this point is sensibly picked up in the vienna sales convention , which [gives] in article 1 ( 2 ) that : the fact that the parties have their places of business in different states is to be disregarded whenever this fact does not appear from the contract or from any dealings between , or from , information disclosed by , the parties at any time before or at the conclusion of the contract .

The Unidroit Convention on International Financial Leasing provides a good example of all three cases .
the unidroit convention on international financial leasing [gives] a good example of all three cases .

So article 7 ( 5 ) of the Leasing Convention , which provides that nothing in article 7 is to affect the priority of any lien creditor , does not mean that lien creditors are to have priority over the lessor , merely that article 7 itself is not to be treated as dealing with the issue , so that resort must be had to the applicable law .
so article 7 ( 5 ) of the leasing convention , which [gives] that nothing in article 7 is to affect the priority of any lien creditor , does not mean that lien creditors are to have priority over the lessor , merely that article 7 itself is not to be treated as dealing with the issue , so that resort must be had to the applicable law .

provides a neutral law for parties to a contract neither of whom is willing to accept the law of the other 's country ;
[gives] a neutral law for parties to a contract neither of whom is willing to accept the law of the other 's country ;

Despite opposition from the Bar Association and another government-appointed committee , the Wimalaratne Committee adhered to its views in a supplementary report , because movables in the custody of a borrower , secured by a mortgage , provides in the main the basic security for working capital of a trade or business .
despite opposition from the bar association and another government-appointed committee , the wimalaratne committee adhered to its views in a supplementary report , because movables in the custody of a borrower , secured by a mortgage , [gives] in the main the basic security for working capital of a trade or business .

The Act also provides new guarantees and more favourable tax allowances .
the act also [gives] new guarantees and more favourable tax allowances .

The 1990 legislation authorizes the establishment of a stock exchange , sets out the preconditions for its statutes and rules of procedure , provides for its membership and operation , and establishes a system for arbitration of disputes between securities traders and between issuers and traders .
the 1990 legislation authorizes the establishment of a stock exchange , sets out the preconditions for its statutes and rules of procedure , [gives] for its membership and operation , and establishes a system for arbitration of disputes between securities traders and between issuers and traders .

Contributions become partnership property unless the contract provides otherwise , and any stipulation providing for interest or other financial benefit for a partner in consideration of his contribution is null and void .
contributions become partnership property unless the contract [gives] otherwise , and any stipulation providing for interest or other financial benefit for a partner in consideration of his contribution is null and void .

The Act also provides the setting up of duty-free zones and perhaps for our present purpose it is sufficient to say that companies established in a duty-free zone are treated in every way as if they were established outside of the borders of the Hungarian Republic .
the act also [gives] the setting up of duty-free zones and perhaps for our present purpose it is sufficient to say that companies established in a duty-free zone are treated in every way as if they were established outside of the borders of the hungarian republic .

In case of the conversion of a partnership into a Kft , the Act provides that the unanimous decision of the members is required and they remain jointly and severally liable for five years for the existing indebtedness of the partnership .
in case of the conversion of a partnership into a kft , the act [gives] that the unanimous decision of the members is required and they remain jointly and severally liable for five years for the existing indebtedness of the partnership .

Midland Bank has vast experience in the field of overseas trade , and provides an extensive range of services , together with specialist advice .
midland bank has vast experience in the field of overseas trade , and [gives] an extensive range of services , together with specialist advice .

It provides cover for all your possessions and is simple to arrange .
it [gives] cover for all your possessions and is simple to arrange .

The Personal loan Protection Plan has been specially designed for Midland customers . The life cover is underwritten by General Accident Linked Life Assurance Limited and Midland Life Limited , and the non-life cover by a panel of insurance companies led by General Accident Fire and life Assurance Corporation plc and provides the following benefits : -
the personal loan protection plan has been specially designed for midland customers . the life cover is underwritten by general accident linked life assurance limited and midland life limited , and the non-life cover by a panel of insurance companies led by general accident fire and life assurance corporation plc and [gives] the following benefits : -

By setting your own limit and deciding the size of your monthly payments , you have a very adaptable borrowing arrangement , which provides an immediate reserve for any purpose and continues for as long as you like .
by setting your own limit and deciding the size of your monthly payments , you have a very adaptable borrowing arrangement , which [gives] an immediate reserve for any purpose and continues for as long as you like .

The FlexiLoan Protection Plan has been specially designed for Midland customers in conjunction with London and Edinburgh Insurance Company Limited and London and Edinburgh Life Assurance Company Limited and provides the following benefits :
the flexiloan protection plan has been specially designed for midland customers in conjunction with london and edinburgh insurance company limited and london and edinburgh life assurance company limited and [gives] the following benefits :

The Loan Protection Plan has been specially designed for Midland customers . The life cover is underwritten by General Accident Linked Life Assurance Limited and Midland Life Limited , and the non-life cover by a panel of insurance companies led by General Accident Fire and Life Assurance Corporation plc and provides the following benefits : -
the loan protection plan has been specially designed for midland customers . the life cover is underwritten by general accident linked life assurance limited and midland life limited , and the non-life cover by a panel of insurance companies led by general accident fire and life assurance corporation plc and [gives] the following benefits : -

AimTrak is an ideal management information and reconciliation system for group companies , as it allows for the aggregation of funds from different member companies and provides a consolidated group figure , thus minimising individual bank charges .
aimtrak is an ideal management information and reconciliation system for group companies , as it allows for the aggregation of funds from different member companies and [gives] a consolidated group figure , thus minimising individual bank charges .

Midland 's branch in the same town as the headquarters of the authority provides a high quality service on a daily basis .
midland 's branch in the same town as the headquarters of the authority [gives] a high quality service on a daily basis .

The ideal solution is probably one that provides security for your family and , at the same time , invests for your future ; one that you can adjust to suit your changing lifestyle .
the ideal solution is probably one that [gives] security for your family and , at the same time , invests for your future ; one that you can adjust to suit your changing lifestyle .

Midland Lifetime provides you with a balance between protection and investment , so that you can look after your family and save for the future .
midland lifetime [gives] you with a balance between protection and investment , so that you can look after your family and save for the future .

Midland Bank provides a full range of insurances packages designed to protect you , your family and your home :
midland bank [gives] a full range of insurances packages designed to protect you , your family and your home :

The debate over human origins in nineteenth-century Britain provides a helpful example .
the debate over human origins in nineteenth-century britain [gives] a helpful example .

The exhibition provides a unique opportunity for anyone considering keeping a particular breed to have a good look , talk to the owner and make other helpful contacts .
the exhibition [gives] a unique opportunity for anyone considering keeping a particular breed to have a good look , talk to the owner and make other helpful contacts .

These were removed eventually but for anyone planting now , the up to date method is to use a specially developed tube which protects from animal damage and provides a unique microclimate which breaks down harmlessly after seven to eight years .
these were removed eventually but for anyone planting now , the up to date method is to use a specially developed tube which protects from animal damage and [gives] a unique microclimate which breaks down harmlessly after seven to eight years .

To develop adequate and growing capability requires investment in human skills and provides a new kind of barrier to the entry of more newcomers into the international system .
to develop adequate and growing capability requires investment in human skills and [gives] a new kind of barrier to the entry of more newcomers into the international system .

Figure 3.1 provides a simple snap-shot of only two dimensions that distinguish one industry from another .
figure 3.1 [gives] a simple snap-shot of only two dimensions that distinguish one industry from another .

The International Motor Vehicle program of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , which has studied eighty assembly plants around the world , provides hard evidence of what has been happening ( Krafcik , 1988 ; Krafcik and MacDuffie , 1989 ) .
the international motor vehicle program of the massachusetts institute of technology , which has studied eighty assembly plants around the world , [gives] hard evidence of what has been happening ( krafcik , 1988 ; krafcik and macduffie , 1989 ) .

Brazil provides the example par excellence of a country where borrowing during the 1970s seemed a sensible means of providing liquidity to finance industrialisation ( Sachs , 1981 : p. 39 ) .
brazil [gives] the example par excellence of a country where borrowing during the 1970s seemed a sensible means of providing liquidity to finance industrialisation ( sachs , 1981 : p. 39 ) .

The extent to which it would be mistaken to take our own rituals literally provides a standard from which to assess our understanding of the rituals and statements of other cultures .
the extent to which it would be mistaken to take our own rituals literally [gives] a standard from which to assess our understanding of the rituals and statements of other cultures .

Greenfield herself provides some evidence that the test situation was not entirely culture-free although she does not allow this to restrict her from making large inferences from the results .
greenfield herself [gives] some evidence that the test situation was not entirely culture-free although she does not allow this to restrict her from making large inferences from the results .

She argues that writing provides ‘ practice in using linguistic context as independent of immediate reference .
she argues that writing [gives] ‘ practice in using linguistic context as independent of immediate reference .

Her data provides us , in fact , with evidence of very little comparative value .
her data [gives] us , in fact , with evidence of very little comparative value .

It is in practice the ‘ mixed ’ rather than the ‘ pure ’ type that in one form or another provides the typical case and — furthermore-the available evidence for analysis ( Finnegan , 1981 , p. 5 ) .
it is in practice the ‘ mixed ’ rather than the ‘ pure ’ type that in one form or another [gives] the typical case and — furthermore-the available evidence for analysis ( finnegan , 1981 , p. 5 ) .

Goody however attempts to evade the implications of Lévi-Strauss ' argument by pointing out that , ultimately , Lévi-Strauss himself provides a dualistic model of the world : one which distinguishes between ‘ primitive ’ and ‘ modern ’ , mythological and scientific ( Goody , 1977 , pp .
goody however attempts to evade the implications of lévi-strauss ' argument by pointing out that , ultimately , lévi-strauss himself [gives] a dualistic model of the world : one which distinguishes between ‘ primitive ’ and ‘ modern ’ , mythological and scientific ( goody , 1977 , pp .

In other words it is the development of literate modes of communication that provides the basis for making a distinction between two kinds of society , and those modes themselves have determining effects : if some societies are more ‘ scientific ’ and ‘ logical ’ than others , it is not on account of the nature of their thought processes but because their acquisition of literacy has released these capacities .
in other words it is the development of literate modes of communication that [gives] the basis for making a distinction between two kinds of society , and those modes themselves have determining effects : if some societies are more ‘ scientific ’ and ‘ logical ’ than others , it is not on account of the nature of their thought processes but because their acquisition of literacy has released these capacities .

Bloch 's work ( 1975 ) on political language and oratory , as we saw above ( p. 41 ) , provides evidence of ways in which speech is formalised in non-literate and in literate societies alike and is used for the functions which Goody attributes to writing alone .
bloch 's work ( 1975 ) on political language and oratory , as we saw above ( p. 41 ) , [gives] evidence of ways in which speech is formalised in non-literate and in literate societies alike and is used for the functions which goody attributes to writing alone .

In literate society , these interlocking conversations go on ; but they are no longer man 's only dialogue ; and in so far as writing provides an alternative source for the transmission of cultural orientations it favours awareness of inconsistency .
in literate society , these interlocking conversations go on ; but they are no longer man 's only dialogue ; and in so far as writing [gives] an alternative source for the transmission of cultural orientations it favours awareness of inconsistency .

Gellner ( 1973 ) , for instance , provides a more complex intellectual framework for analysing such change .
gellner ( 1973 ) , for instance , [gives] a more complex intellectual framework for analysing such change .

Goody himself provides a telling example of how ‘ scientific ’ progress may be the product of social forces which , in themselves , do not represent the kind of scholarly community and logical thought which he extols . The development of Pythagoras ' theorem , he notes , is not related to the separation of mathematical , scientific thinking from mythological and non-literate practices but rather was associated with ‘ the use of number magic ’ and :
goody himself [gives] a telling example of how ‘ scientific ’ progress may be the product of social forces which , in themselves , do not represent the kind of scholarly community and logical thought which he extols . the development of pythagoras ' theorem , he notes , is not related to the separation of mathematical , scientific thinking from mythological and non-literate practices but rather was associated with ‘ the use of number magic ’ and :

This provides one of Goody 's main claims to be making a contribution to further research : the field worker , whether anthropologist , historian , social psychologist or whatever , can ask of a specific culture why literacy did not fulfil its potential there , and what were the factors that ‘ restricted ’ its development .
this [gives] one of goody 's main claims to be making a contribution to further research : the field worker , whether anthropologist , historian , social psychologist or whatever , can ask of a specific culture why literacy did not fulfil its potential there , and what were the factors that ‘ restricted ’ its development .

Lienhardt , writing of the Dinka of the southern Sudan , provides support for Romaine 's view but also suggests a further elaboration of it , impinging as he does so on a number of the issues raised here .
lienhardt , writing of the dinka of the southern sudan , [gives] support for romaine 's view but also suggests a further elaboration of it , impinging as he does so on a number of the issues raised here .

Appointment of GALs in secure accommodation applications is not only a major challenge of the Act , but is a significant change from previous practice , as it provides an opportunity for an independent investigation .
appointment of gals in secure accommodation applications is not only a major challenge of the act , but is a significant change from previous practice , as it [gives] an opportunity for an independent investigation .

The day hospital only provides short-term support .
the day hospital only [gives] short-term support .

This approach presents us with a particular problem since we must ensure that the representative chosen provides us with a good insight into that political theory .
this approach presents us with a particular problem since we must ensure that the representative chosen [gives] us with a good insight into that political theory .

In particular , Oakeshott 's conception provides us with an insightful critique of Dicey 's method in Law of the Constitution .
in particular , oakeshott 's conception [gives] us with an insightful critique of dicey 's method in law of the constitution .

The idea that provides it with cohesion is a ‘ principle of continuity : authority is diffused between past , present and future ; between the old , the new and what is to come .
the idea that [gives] it with cohesion is a ‘ principle of continuity : authority is diffused between past , present and future ; between the old , the new and what is to come .

Oakeshott 's analysis in his essays collected in Rationalism in Politics provides us with an insight into a conservative approach to modern politics .
oakeshott 's analysis in his essays collected in rationalism in politics [gives] us with an insight into a conservative approach to modern politics .

The idea of the state as societas corresponds to civil association in that it provides a vision of the state as a non-purposive , rule-based institution .
the idea of the state as societas corresponds to civil association in that it [gives] a vision of the state as a non-purposive , rule-based institution .

Oakeshott 's theory in general provides us with profound insights not only into the nature of government and law , but more especially in helping us to make sense of the British constitution .
oakeshott 's theory in general [gives] us with profound insights not only into the nature of government and law , but more especially in helping us to make sense of the british constitution .

It is this epistemological belief which provides the foundation for his concept of ‘ spontaneous order ’ .
it is this epistemological belief which [gives] the foundation for his concept of ‘ spontaneous order ’ .

The analytical dimension provides us with theories of bureaucracy and politics .
the analytical dimension [gives] us with theories of bureaucracy and politics .

More generally , his theory provides us with a remarkable insight into the nature of the British constitution ; the entire thrust of Oakeshott 's work can be interpreted as laying down a view of the world in which the British constitution with its conventions , understandings , and practices which have evolved through a slow historical process actually makes sense .
more generally , his theory [gives] us with a remarkable insight into the nature of the british constitution ; the entire thrust of oakeshott 's work can be interpreted as laying down a view of the world in which the british constitution with its conventions , understandings , and practices which have evolved through a slow historical process actually makes sense .

And finally the distinction which each writer makes between forms of law provides normativism with a distinct conception of law which may be used to identify degenerate forms of law .
and finally the distinction which each writer makes between forms of law [gives] normativism with a distinct conception of law which may be used to identify degenerate forms of law .

The positive approach of Comte was developed by Emile Durkheim who adopted Comte 's empirical and rationalist methods and fashioned them into an approach which provides a major foundation for the study of sociology today .
the positive approach of comte was developed by emile durkheim who adopted comte 's empirical and rationalist methods and fashioned them into an approach which [gives] a major foundation for the study of sociology today .

This view of the state , together with the basic duty of working to preserve social solidarity , provides us with the essence of Duguit 's approach .
this view of the state , together with the basic duty of working to preserve social solidarity , [gives] us with the essence of duguit 's approach .

The basic duty provides us with the fundamental rule of conduct which may be called the rule of law ; viz .
the basic duty [gives] us with the fundamental rule of conduct which may be called the rule of law ; viz .

Rather ironically , given the ‘ note of condescension , almost of contempt , [ which ] characterises Dicey 's exposition of continental constitutions ’ , almost all studies undertaken of the French system of droit administratif have cast doubt on the superiority of the British approach and have concluded that the French system provides greater protections than our own .
rather ironically , given the ‘ note of condescension , almost of contempt , [ which ] characterises dicey 's exposition of continental constitutions ’ , almost all studies undertaken of the french system of droit administratif have cast doubt on the superiority of the british approach and have concluded that the french system [gives] greater protections than our own .

Describe briefly the basic function of the reception office , enumerating the services it provides .
describe briefly the basic function of the reception office , enumerating the services it [gives] .

The hotel tariff is the structure of charges made for the services the hotel provides .
the hotel tariff is the structure of charges made for the services the hotel [gives] .

This simple device provides instantaneous communication between departments and ensures that the room status board has up-to-the-minute information on the availability of rooms .
this simple device [gives] instantaneous communication between departments and ensures that the room status board has up-to-the-minute information on the availability of rooms .

The system provides several different types of room racks with innovations and signals that can provide information for the receptionists ; for example , pockets can have a centre window with two-colour sliding signals which can be moved to show red when the room has been assigned , yellow when the room is ‘ on change ’ and clear when the room is ready for letting .
the system [gives] several different types of room racks with innovations and signals that can provide information for the receptionists ; for example , pockets can have a centre window with two-colour sliding signals which can be moved to show red when the room has been assigned , yellow when the room is ‘ on change ’ and clear when the room is ready for letting .

It is used to distribute incoming letters , small packages , and any messages for guests , and it also provides a definite place for keys not in use .
it is used to distribute incoming letters , small packages , and any messages for guests , and it also [gives] a definite place for keys not in use .

This telephone system provides communication between each extension as well as connections to the public exchange .
this telephone system [gives] communication between each extension as well as connections to the public exchange .

It provides a check on the arithmetical accuracy of the double entry , but it is not proof that the transactions have been correctly recorded .
it [gives] a check on the arithmetical accuracy of the double entry , but it is not proof that the transactions have been correctly recorded .

This provides information and data and is useful when preparing final accounts ( Fig .
this [gives] information and data and is useful when preparing final accounts ( fig .

The bank provides many services for their customers besides keeping their money safe ; it provides convenient means of making payments by cheque and also submits a clear statement of their customer 's account at fixed intervals .
the bank [gives] many services for their customers besides keeping their money safe ; it [gives] convenient means of making payments by cheque and also submits a clear statement of their customer 's account at fixed intervals .

The trial balance feature provides the automatic accumulation of debit and credit balance in separate totals .
the trial balance feature [gives] the automatic accumulation of debit and credit balance in separate totals .

This service provides delivery by a Post Office messenger for letters and packets arriving at a delivery office on the next working day after posting but too late for normal delivery on that day .
this service [gives] delivery by a post office messenger for letters and packets arriving at a delivery office on the next working day after posting but too late for normal delivery on that day .

These forecasts are an extremely useful tool for management ; sales revenue can be estimated and it provides a means of control by the measurement of actual results against the forecast .
these forecasts are an extremely useful tool for management ; sales revenue can be estimated and it [gives] a means of control by the measurement of actual results against the forecast .

This chapter provides an outline of the law as it relates to the work of a hotel receptionist .
this chapter [gives] an outline of the law as it relates to the work of a hotel receptionist .

It is generally appreciated within the hotel industry that this second proviso provides the innkeeper with a broad power to regulate the clientele at the inn .
it is generally appreciated within the hotel industry that this second proviso [gives] the innkeeper with a broad power to regulate the clientele at the inn .

The trace provides a permanent record , which may be used , for example , to show that the poor condition of a baby at birth was neither predictable nor preventable .
the trace [gives] a permanent record , which may be used , for example , to show that the poor condition of a baby at birth was neither predictable nor preventable .

Potentially , the purchasing function provides a powerful lever for change .
potentially , the purchasing function [gives] a powerful lever for change .

Joint funding by the Welsh Office and Gwent Health Authority provides a day hospital on two days a week and a day centre , run by volunteers , on three days a week ; the day centre has about 90 clients a week .
joint funding by the welsh office and gwent health authority [gives] a day hospital on two days a week and a day centre , run by volunteers , on three days a week ; the day centre has about 90 clients a week .

The International Division in Oxford provides financial and other support services to the Branches of the Press throughout the world .
the international division in oxford [gives] financial and other support services to the branches of the press throughout the world .

Subsequently the highly rated manager develops creative solutions and provides new insights into problems .
subsequently the highly rated manager develops creative solutions and [gives] new insights into problems .

Knowing that one can do the job provides an excellent foundation .
knowing that one can do the job [gives] an excellent foundation .

For example , we may find that a job applicant for a position in sales was an international athlete in her teens ; on its own this piece of data is interesting but provides almost no insight into future performance in sales , especially if there is no demand for athletics in the job .
for example , we may find that a job applicant for a position in sales was an international athlete in her teens ; on its own this piece of data is interesting but [gives] almost no insight into future performance in sales , especially if there is no demand for athletics in the job .

However , in selecting people for jobs , it is the current profile of goals that provides vital background and career history to date .
however , in selecting people for jobs , it is the current profile of goals that [gives] vital background and career history to date .

The importance of recognition as a goal is that it provides managers with unlimited opportunity .
the importance of recognition as a goal is that it [gives] managers with unlimited opportunity .

Acceptance of this fact often provides a marvellous feeling of relief to accept what we are and to know that the striving for position , for power , for status is nearly over allows us to accept that others want our help .
acceptance of this fact often [gives] a marvellous feeling of relief to accept what we are and to know that the striving for position , for power , for status is nearly over allows us to accept that others want our help .

The release and/or the withholding of information provides an extremely strong power base .
the release and/or the withholding of information [gives] an extremely strong power base .

Family health service authorities should identify important areas where current knowledge provides an inadequate rationale for the accepted practice and commission research to elucidate it .
family health service authorities should identify important areas where current knowledge [gives] an inadequate rationale for the accepted practice and commission research to elucidate it .

Remember that , in the poorest neighbourhoods of New York , private medical practice barely functions , so there is virtually no first contact care unless the public system provides it .
remember that , in the poorest neighbourhoods of new york , private medical practice barely functions , so there is virtually no first contact care unless the public system [gives] it .

To put it another way , bargaining provides the cement essential if the American polity is to be anything more than a conglomeration of unintegrated fragments .
to put it another way , bargaining [gives] the cement essential if the american polity is to be anything more than a conglomeration of unintegrated fragments .

i The discussion in the previous chapter provides a degree of support for such a conclusion .
i the discussion in the previous chapter [gives] a degree of support for such a conclusion .

This provides a classic instance of a president taking on the legislature in the most important of policy areas and succeeding in imposing his will .
this [gives] a classic instance of a president taking on the legislature in the most important of policy areas and succeeding in imposing his will .

As the moment approached for a key procedural vote that would make or break Reagan 's programme , Stockman received an agitated telephone call from Bill Thomas , a conservative Republican from California and an agent of the administration on Capitol Hill : This extended quotation provides a fascinating picture of the American pluralist system in operation while helping us to understand why the Reaganites were successful in fashioning the coalitions they required in the House of Representatives .
as the moment approached for a key procedural vote that would make or break reagan 's programme , stockman received an agitated telephone call from bill thomas , a conservative republican from california and an agent of the administration on capitol hill : this extended quotation [gives] a fascinating picture of the american pluralist system in operation while helping us to understand why the reaganites were successful in fashioning the coalitions they required in the house of representatives .

Yet this provides only a part of the explanation .
yet this [gives] only a part of the explanation .

The new law also provides a simple and straightforward legal framework for the foundation of postgraduate courses , which have so far been weak and virtually non-existent .
the new law also [gives] a simple and straightforward legal framework for the foundation of postgraduate courses , which have so far been weak and virtually non-existent .

At the same time , the new law provides that the previously free distribution of textbooks to all students be confined to needy students only .
at the same time , the new law [gives] that the previously free distribution of textbooks to all students be confined to needy students only .

But neither the old nor the new law provides tenure for the two lower academic grades .
but neither the old nor the new law [gives] tenure for the two lower academic grades .

Immunohistochemistry provides some clues , but caution must be exercised in drawing conclusions .
immunohistochemistry [gives] some clues , but caution must be exercised in drawing conclusions .

The Atapeuerca skeletal sample is large by the standards of any other Middle Pleistocene hominid site , so it provides an unprecedented opportunity to examine the internal morphological and metrical variation of what is assumed the represent a penecontemporaneous sample of individuals of different ages and sex .
the atapeuerca skeletal sample is large by the standards of any other middle pleistocene hominid site , so it [gives] an unprecedented opportunity to examine the internal morphological and metrical variation of what is assumed the represent a penecontemporaneous sample of individuals of different ages and sex .

The victor then provides the ovum for that month .
the victor then [gives] the ovum for that month .

An outline of codes and coding theory provides the main basis for the author 's later conclusions .
an outline of codes and coding theory [gives] the main basis for the author 's later conclusions .

Unlike some mathematical authors , he does not write as though his prime objective is to show how clever he is ; he provides plenty of examples to illustrate his theorems and definitions , and clear summaries at the end of each chapter .
unlike some mathematical authors , he does not write as though his prime objective is to show how clever he is ; he [gives] plenty of examples to illustrate his theorems and definitions , and clear summaries at the end of each chapter .

Patients with a minor degree of atlantoaxial subluxation or with subaxial subluxation need treatment only with a soft cervical collar — which provides symptomatic relief , acts as a reminder to patient and doctor , and may provide some degree of protection from trauma .
patients with a minor degree of atlantoaxial subluxation or with subaxial subluxation need treatment only with a soft cervical collar — which [gives] symptomatic relief , acts as a reminder to patient and doctor , and may provide some degree of protection from trauma .

Even if molecular genetics ultimately provides a better form of treatment there is still need to evaluate and , where possible , improve our present dietary management ( box 2 ) .
even if molecular genetics ultimately [gives] a better form of treatment there is still need to evaluate and , where possible , improve our present dietary management ( box 2 ) .

* Whole wheat cereal provides 2 g natural protein ( 100 mg phenylalanine ) .
* whole wheat cereal [gives] 2 g natural protein ( 100 mg phenylalanine ) .

The charter provides evidence of a surprisingly well-worked-out system to ensure castle-guard of the town : in April , May , June , July and August , it was the count 's responsibility , though he paid only for the first two months directly out of his own treasury ; , the inhabitants of the town produced a tax for the following three .
the charter [gives] evidence of a surprisingly well-worked-out system to ensure castle-guard of the town : in april , may , june , july and august , it was the count 's responsibility , though he paid only for the first two months directly out of his own treasury ; , the inhabitants of the town produced a tax for the following three .

The Feoda therefore provides a revealing glimpse of aristocratic society in Champagne ; its full potential as a source has recently been exploited by Evergates .
the feoda therefore [gives] a revealing glimpse of aristocratic society in champagne ; its full potential as a source has recently been exploited by evergates .

Zeta Aurigæ is of great importance to astronomers , because before totality ( that is to say , the moment when the blue star passes completely behind the red companion ) begins the light of the blue star comes to us through progressively deeper layers of the supergiant 's atmosphere and provides information about the composition and structure of the supergiant itself ; but the magnitude range is only from 3.7 to 4.2 .
zeta aurigæ is of great importance to astronomers , because before totality ( that is to say , the moment when the blue star passes completely behind the red companion ) begins the light of the blue star comes to us through progressively deeper layers of the supergiant 's atmosphere and [gives] information about the composition and structure of the supergiant itself ; but the magnitude range is only from 3.7 to 4.2 .

In these sectors the organization of Japanese industry into loosely affiliated groups provides additional sources of protection for large firms .
in these sectors the organization of japanese industry into loosely affiliated groups [gives] additional sources of protection for large firms .

Equally , group affiliation provides a source of mutual support for companies in financial trouble when group banks take responsibility for coordinating rescue packages .
equally , group affiliation [gives] a source of mutual support for companies in financial trouble when group banks take responsibility for coordinating rescue packages .

Like the subcontracting system , group affiliation provides an important adjustment cushion which helps to explain why keiretsu profits are much less variable , if not necessarily higher , than other firms .
like the subcontracting system , group affiliation [gives] an important adjustment cushion which helps to explain why keiretsu profits are much less variable , if not necessarily higher , than other firms .

This document presents the main features of the system that has been built , and provides a guide to the safe running and control of that system .
this document presents the main features of the system that has been built , and [gives] a guide to the safe running and control of that system .

The system also provides the facility to transfer small numbers of entries chosen from any part of the dictionary to the typesetting contractor and to the Working-Set .
the system also [gives] the facility to transfer small numbers of entries chosen from any part of the dictionary to the typesetting contractor and to the working-set .

It provides a tool for the review , creation , proofing and manipulation of dictionary text .
it [gives] a tool for the review , creation , proofing and manipulation of dictionary text .

The system provides the lexicographic community with a means of access to the pool of entries in the Working-Set .
the system [gives] the lexicographic community with a means of access to the pool of entries in the working-set .

The Copy Database provides double redundancy to improve the standard of availability .
the copy database [gives] double redundancy to improve the standard of availability .

The Entry table specifies the relative order in which dictionary entries are to be printed , and provides a key of access to the Text table ( entity and current version number ) .
the entry table specifies the relative order in which dictionary entries are to be printed , and [gives] a key of access to the text table ( entity and current version number ) .

This copy together with the duplicated log files , provides the means of recovering and rebuilding in the event of damage to the Working-Set .
this copy together with the duplicated log files , [gives] the means of recovering and rebuilding in the event of damage to the working-set .

This provides proof-printing facilities as well as general review and editing facilities through the terminal screen .
this [gives] proof-printing facilities as well as general review and editing facilities through the terminal screen .

The system provides facilities for lexicographers to take check-point copies of the entry being edited at any terminal .
the system [gives] facilities for lexicographers to take check-point copies of the entry being edited at any terminal .

The graphics facilities allow the teacher to develop pictures with far more control than the blackboard or even the overhead projector normally provides .
the graphics facilities allow the teacher to develop pictures with far more control than the blackboard or even the overhead projector normally [gives] .

The program provides a system for the teacher to explore with the class .
the program [gives] a system for the teacher to explore with the class .

Indeed both types can be generated from a program that provides an introduction to or an investigation of a topic .
indeed both types can be generated from a program that [gives] an introduction to or an investigation of a topic .

The fine observation kit The observer will find that each of the following elements provides important and useful information :
the fine observation kit the observer will find that each of the following elements [gives] important and useful information :

The other key aspects of teaching that it is useful to record are the level of demand that is placed on the pupil ( s ) at each stage and the amount of guidance that the teacher provides .
the other key aspects of teaching that it is useful to record are the level of demand that is placed on the pupil ( s ) at each stage and the amount of guidance that the teacher [gives] .

In this way the plant provides the larva with somewhere to live and feed , but keeps it in one place where it can not damage the leaves , buds or other important parts of the plant .
in this way the plant [gives] the larva with somewhere to live and feed , but keeps it in one place where it can not damage the leaves , buds or other important parts of the plant .

It has been shown that a single instruction is sufficient ( in theory ) for a general-purpose computer ( Van der Poel 1956 ) ; however , instead of a theoretically sufficient instruction set , what we require is an instruction set which provides a practical set of operations in which applications can be programmed .
it has been shown that a single instruction is sufficient ( in theory ) for a general-purpose computer ( van der poel 1956 ) ; however , instead of a theoretically sufficient instruction set , what we require is an instruction set which [gives] a practical set of operations in which applications can be programmed .

However , learning is also dependent on interaction in another sense , for it is participation in conversation that provides learners with opportunities to construct and test their representation of language , both as system and as resource .
however , learning is also dependent on interaction in another sense , for it is participation in conversation that [gives] learners with opportunities to construct and test their representation of language , both as system and as resource .

Most of the learning that occurs does so spontaneously , as problems arise in everyday activities and are resolved , often with the help of an adult , who provides an additional resource of skill and knowledge .
most of the learning that occurs does so spontaneously , as problems arise in everyday activities and are resolved , often with the help of an adult , who [gives] an additional resource of skill and knowledge .

The discussion by Morton ( 1980 ) provides an advanced treatment of this notion of multiple lexicons . )
the discussion by morton ( 1980 ) [gives] an advanced treatment of this notion of multiple lexicons . )

The general questions which all these researchers address are : how are text built up , and how does their structure determine what a reader is able to comprehend and recall ? Research work carried out in linguistics is generally more descriptive than practical in terms of classroom applications , but Chapman ( 1983 ) provides a useful account of the educational relevance of work in linguistics , giving special emphasis to the concept of cohesion in texts .
the general questions which all these researchers address are : how are text built up , and how does their structure determine what a reader is able to comprehend and recall ? research work carried out in linguistics is generally more descriptive than practical in terms of classroom applications , but chapman ( 1983 ) [gives] a useful account of the educational relevance of work in linguistics , giving special emphasis to the concept of cohesion in texts .

Bereiter 's mention of syntax provides a timely cue for looking at another area of research into writing development which , it was hoped , would give us clear indicators of development through the years of schooling .
bereiter 's mention of syntax [gives] a timely cue for looking at another area of research into writing development which , it was hoped , would give us clear indicators of development through the years of schooling .

Even in less formalised exchanges , there is a high degree of mutuality in the development of a discourse which provides a considerable degree of support for the child .
even in less formalised exchanges , there is a high degree of mutuality in the development of a discourse which [gives] a considerable degree of support for the child .

It ought also to be useful because it provides a context which is meaningful to children , and in which a variety of reading skills can be learned .
it ought also to be useful because it [gives] a context which is meaningful to children , and in which a variety of reading skills can be learned .

Using pre-formulated questions as a structure for notes also provides more able children with a useful means of synthesising information from a range of sources .
using pre-formulated questions as a structure for notes also [gives] more able children with a useful means of synthesising information from a range of sources .

The computer : 1 always offers an encouraging , positive response ; 2 provides a successful experience ; 3 lets the child work at his or her own level ; 4 treats the child as an individual ; 5 gives instant feedback which is essential for correcting bad habits ; 6 presents reading in a peer-approved way ; 7 is highly motivating .
the computer : 1 always offers an encouraging , positive response ; 2 [gives] a successful experience ; 3 lets the child work at his or her own level ; 4 treats the child as an individual ; 5 gives instant feedback which is essential for correcting bad habits ; 6 presents reading in a peer-approved way ; 7 is highly motivating .

Northern Ireland provides a particularly clear illustration of the sometimes hidden problems involved in majoritarian thinking about democracy .
northern ireland [gives] a particularly clear illustration of the sometimes hidden problems involved in majoritarian thinking about democracy .

Domestic work provides an important source of income for a campesino family and the earnings of many domestic workers are sent home .
domestic work [gives] an important source of income for a campesino family and the earnings of many domestic workers are sent home .

It forms the outermost investment of the body and its appendages but is invaginated locally to form endoskeletal structures ( p. 81 ) and also provides the lining of the tracheal system , some glands and parts of the alimentary canal and reproductive tract .
it forms the outermost investment of the body and its appendages but is invaginated locally to form endoskeletal structures ( p. 81 ) and also [gives] the lining of the tracheal system , some glands and parts of the alimentary canal and reproductive tract .

Such an arrangement combines rigidity with flexibility and in addition to its protective function the cuticle determines the form of the insect , its relative impermeability to water reduces desiccation and it provides a firm basis for the attachment of muscles .
such an arrangement combines rigidity with flexibility and in addition to its protective function the cuticle determines the form of the insect , its relative impermeability to water reduces desiccation and it [gives] a firm basis for the attachment of muscles .

It may denote ( i ) the external groove or sulcus corresponding to an internal ridge-like inflection of the cuticle which provides mechanical rigidity , or ( ii ) a line of thinner , weaker cuticle along which rupture or bending of the integument can occur at ecdysis , or ( iii ) a narrow , flexible , membranous zone of unsclerotized cuticle , or ( iv ) a linear impression without any obvious mechanical significance .
it may denote ( i ) the external groove or sulcus corresponding to an internal ridge-like inflection of the cuticle which [gives] mechanical rigidity , or ( ii ) a line of thinner , weaker cuticle along which rupture or bending of the integument can occur at ecdysis , or ( iii ) a narrow , flexible , membranous zone of unsclerotized cuticle , or ( iv ) a linear impression without any obvious mechanical significance .

The intersegmental sclerite is known as the spinasternum ( or poststernellum ) and is produced internally into a peg-like apodeme which , with the furca , provides areas for the attachment of the ventral longitudinal muscles .
the intersegmental sclerite is known as the spinasternum ( or poststernellum ) and is produced internally into a peg-like apodeme which , with the furca , [gives] areas for the attachment of the ventral longitudinal muscles .

Chapter 3 provides details of the sample of lower attaining pupils used in the programme of testing .
chapter 3 [gives] details of the sample of lower attaining pupils used in the programme of testing .

Assessment provides information to facilitate decision making .
assessment [gives] information to facilitate decision making .

When selection is the main focus of assessment a test that provides information on where a pupil stands relative to the group taking the test is most likely to be used .
when selection is the main focus of assessment a test that [gives] information on where a pupil stands relative to the group taking the test is most likely to be used .

The task of ordering whole numbers produced one of the highest success rates attained during trialling of assessments by the project , and provides an example of a tack where virtually all pupils can succeed .
the task of ordering whole numbers produced one of the highest success rates attained during trialling of assessments by the project , and [gives] an example of a tack where virtually all pupils can succeed .

This work provides opportunity to discuss ideas such as `` best buy `` .
this work [gives] opportunity to discuss ideas such as `` best buy `` .

As for 1d , this provides an example of a task most pupils successfully completed .
as for 1d , this [gives] an example of a task most pupils successfully completed .

It may be said to be on the right lines , but at best it provides materials for an answer to the logical question , materials which it does not combine properly .
it may be said to be on the right lines , but at best it [gives] materials for an answer to the logical question , materials which it does not combine properly .

Section 2 of the 1920 Act provides that communicating with a foreign agent is evidence of obtaining or attempting to obtain information calculated or intended to be useful to an enemy contrary to section 1 of the Act .
section 2 of the 1920 act [gives] that communicating with a foreign agent is evidence of obtaining or attempting to obtain information calculated or intended to be useful to an enemy contrary to section 1 of the act .

It should , however , be noted , that section 3 ( 2 ) of the Act provides a limited defence in the case of a person charged with an offence under an unpublished statutory instrument .
it should , however , be noted , that section 3 ( 2 ) of the act [gives] a limited defence in the case of a person charged with an offence under an unpublished statutory instrument .

Not only does this save time in the Commons , it provides another type of less politically charged scrutiny by those who may have a wide range of expertise and experience .
not only does this save time in the commons , it [gives] another type of less politically charged scrutiny by those who may have a wide range of expertise and experience .

The House of Lords provides a useful forum for debating the great issues of the day .
the house of lords [gives] a useful forum for debating the great issues of the day .

Section 24 provides for a power of summary arrest in respect of arrestable offences as defined in that section .
section 24 [gives] for a power of summary arrest in respect of arrestable offences as defined in that section .

The Code provides additional safeguards for juveniles , mentally handicapped persons , the deaf and those who can not speak or understand English .
the code [gives] additional safeguards for juveniles , mentally handicapped persons , the deaf and those who can not speak or understand english .

In case of dispute between custody officer and investigating officer ( who may often outrank him ) , section 39 ( 6 ) provides that the matter should be referred to an officer of the rank of superintendent or above .
in case of dispute between custody officer and investigating officer ( who may often outrank him ) , section 39 ( 6 ) [gives] that the matter should be referred to an officer of the rank of superintendent or above .

It provides that if consent is given , it must be in writing .
it [gives] that if consent is given , it must be in writing .

The Code provides that the search should be discontinued if it is clear that the goods are not on the premises unless the police have the right to continue the search under different power .
the code [gives] that the search should be discontinued if it is clear that the goods are not on the premises unless the police have the right to continue the search under different power .

As in a Hammer horror film , the anticipation of something dreadful provides the engine to this dream — the seven bearded men 's appalling appearance was not for instance immediately apparent , and even though they removed his clothes and started to eat , there was no explicit imagery of himself implicated in the cannibalistic orgy , tasting flesh — presumably his own .
as in a hammer horror film , the anticipation of something dreadful [gives] the engine to this dream — the seven bearded men 's appalling appearance was not for instance immediately apparent , and even though they removed his clothes and started to eat , there was no explicit imagery of himself implicated in the cannibalistic orgy , tasting flesh — presumably his own .

Giving the subject an immediate knowledge of the results of a monotonous task provides an intrinsic incentive , which can be sufficient to overcome completely the effects of one night 's sleep loss for brief periods .
giving the subject an immediate knowledge of the results of a monotonous task [gives] an intrinsic incentive , which can be sufficient to overcome completely the effects of one night 's sleep loss for brief periods .

The former provides accommodation for breeding pairs or trios or up to five adult mice while the latter is used for up to 25 stock mice depending on their size .
the former [gives] accommodation for breeding pairs or trios or up to five adult mice while the latter is used for up to 25 stock mice depending on their size .

Fentanyl-fluanisone with midazolam probably provides the best available surgical anaesthesia .
fentanyl-fluanisone with midazolam probably [gives] the best available surgical anaesthesia .

It provides a more synchronous population than in vivo mating because fertilization , which initiates development ( 8 ) , can be timed precisely .
it [gives] a more synchronous population than in vivo mating because fertilization , which initiates development ( 8 ) , can be timed precisely .

This process of cell flattening generally occurs at 3.5–7.5 h after the onset of the 8-cell stage ( 4th cell cycle ) and provides a useful transition point since , with experience , it is possible to assess complete compaction objectively .
this process of cell flattening generally occurs at 3.5–7.5 h after the onset of the 8-cell stage ( 4th cell cycle ) and [gives] a useful transition point since , with experience , it is possible to assess complete compaction objectively .

As before , the midbody provides a topographical marker for the previous cleavage furrow .
as before , the midbody [gives] a topographical marker for the previous cleavage furrow .

Table 2 provides a possible scheme for staging living embryos , although the criteria used may have to be refined or modified according to the nature of the experiment .
table 2 [gives] a possible scheme for staging living embryos , although the criteria used may have to be refined or modified according to the nature of the experiment .

Mammalian embryogenesis provides an abundant source of mitotic divisions .
mammalian embryogenesis [gives] an abundant source of mitotic divisions .

As is apparent from Chapter 3 ( Section 2 ) , the growth and development taking place in the early fetus provides a rich source of mitotic division .
as is apparent from chapter 3 ( section 2 ) , the growth and development taking place in the early fetus [gives] a rich source of mitotic division .

In common with other mammalian species , the individual chromosomes of the mouse can be recognized by using a variety of different banding methods but G-banding has found the greatest favour and also provides the basis for the standard idiogram which is illustrated in Figure 4 .
in common with other mammalian species , the individual chromosomes of the mouse can be recognized by using a variety of different banding methods but g-banding has found the greatest favour and also [gives] the basis for the standard idiogram which is illustrated in figure 4 .

In summary , replication banding of embryonic fibroblast cells provides the best means of locating unique sequences in an unmarked mouse genome and a protocol for this method is described in Table 8 and the results illustrated in Figure 7a .
in summary , replication banding of embryonic fibroblast cells [gives] the best means of locating unique sequences in an unmarked mouse genome and a protocol for this method is described in table 8 and the results illustrated in figure 7a .

Arriving at the right message , deciding who the right people are , and how to reach them , is a highly complex business , and the result is an advertising strategy for your client which is sound and provides a realistic and workable rationale for his campaign .
arriving at the right message , deciding who the right people are , and how to reach them , is a highly complex business , and the result is an advertising strategy for your client which is sound and [gives] a realistic and workable rationale for his campaign .

-This provides a heightened consciousness of attitudinal and social change .
-this [gives] a heightened consciousness of attitudinal and social change .

Finding out about your client provides opportunities for talking to him in a relaxed and warm manner and for showing that you are interested in him as a person .
finding out about your client [gives] opportunities for talking to him in a relaxed and warm manner and for showing that you are interested in him as a person .

Writing the words in your book provides you with a ready-made store of words which you know your pupils have difficulty with , and from which you can construct a teaching programme .
writing the words in your book [gives] you with a ready-made store of words which you know your pupils have difficulty with , and from which you can construct a teaching programme .

In addition , if you want to choose words for a spelling test , your book provides them for you .
in addition , if you want to choose words for a spelling test , your book [gives] them for you .

Basically , The function is the same as for the Language Master — a recording can be made of written language which is displayed for the pupil — but the Audio Page runs for 4 minutes where the Language Master only provides at most about 10 seconds of time .
basically , the function is the same as for the language master — a recording can be made of written language which is displayed for the pupil — but the audio page runs for 4 minutes where the language master only [gives] at most about 10 seconds of time .

The site of the proposed surgery also provides an indication of possible problems .
the site of the proposed surgery also [gives] an indication of possible problems .

The dietician is consulted and provides a commercially made liquid diet which will give Mr Reynolds the nutrients he needs and is high in calories and protein .
the dietician is consulted and [gives] a commercially made liquid diet which will give mr reynolds the nutrients he needs and is high in calories and protein .

When skin integrity is interrupted by surgery , the wound provides a means for bacteria to enter , so precautions need to be taken in the pre- and post-operative periods to prevent this occurrence .
when skin integrity is interrupted by surgery , the wound [gives] a means for bacteria to enter , so precautions need to be taken in the pre- and post-operative periods to prevent this occurrence .

Measurement of body temperature provides useful information about a person 's state of health — the most common sites for recording are the mouth and axilla .
measurement of body temperature [gives] useful information about a person 's state of health — the most common sites for recording are the mouth and axilla .

Patients undergoing surgery sometimes find talking to a spiritual counsellor provides psychological comfort , even if they do not usually practise a religion .
patients undergoing surgery sometimes find talking to a spiritual counsellor [gives] psychological comfort , even if they do not usually practise a religion .

Furthermore , within Compact there is a strong incentive for employers to participate in this sort of curriculum support since it provides insights into the ways the schools which they are partnering approach learning .
furthermore , within compact there is a strong incentive for employers to participate in this sort of curriculum support since it [gives] insights into the ways the schools which they are partnering approach learning .

Compact provides a mechanism for articulating these needs through Partnership between Education and Industry .
compact [gives] a mechanism for articulating these needs through partnership between education and industry .

That collation of data provides the basis for equal opportunities monitoring .
that collation of data [gives] the basis for equal opportunities monitoring .

It provides them with an opportunity to spend a short period of time , usually two or three weeks , at work , doing a job , but also asking questions and canvassing a range of opinions on a variety of issues .
it [gives] them with an opportunity to spend a short period of time , usually two or three weeks , at work , doing a job , but also asking questions and canvassing a range of opinions on a variety of issues .

The last national census which took place in 1981 provides information about the occupation of those residing in each locality .
the last national census which took place in 1981 [gives] information about the occupation of those residing in each locality .

It must be stressed that an exercise , such as the one mentioned is fundamental to the effective use of nursing manpower for it provides the foundation for subsequent decisions which may be less effective if handicapped from the outset .
it must be stressed that an exercise , such as the one mentioned is fundamental to the effective use of nursing manpower for it [gives] the foundation for subsequent decisions which may be less effective if handicapped from the outset .

The exercise described in the preceding paragraphs provides a basis for arriving at the funded establishment of nurses for each unit which will enable the recruitment and employment of the labour force .
the exercise described in the preceding paragraphs [gives] a basis for arriving at the funded establishment of nurses for each unit which will enable the recruitment and employment of the labour force .

This exercise is a refinement of the one carried out for the whole district in that it takes more account of local needs and provides additional information over and above the grades of staff required .
this exercise is a refinement of the one carried out for the whole district in that it takes more account of local needs and [gives] additional information over and above the grades of staff required .

The manager provides staff with the opportunity to make requests for annual leave .
the manager [gives] staff with the opportunity to make requests for annual leave .

( Triangle , £4.99 ) is a user-friendly guide to the greatest book of all , discussing background to the scriptures , morality , and even the vexed question of sexism ; and a re-issue of Sandra Boynton 's Christmastime ( Mandarin , £5.99 ) , the ‘ somewhat eccentric illustrated guide to the heart of the holiday season ’ , provides a less reverent approach to the time of year .
( triangle , £4.99 ) is a user-friendly guide to the greatest book of all , discussing background to the scriptures , morality , and even the vexed question of sexism ; and a re-issue of sandra boynton 's christmastime ( mandarin , £5.99 ) , the ‘ somewhat eccentric illustrated guide to the heart of the holiday season ’ , [gives] a less reverent approach to the time of year .

Lord Gnome 's Complete Fib and Lie Diet ( Corgi , £4.99 ) serves up the best of Private Eye 's recent offerings , and Ned Sherrin 's Loose nEds ( Coronet , £3.99 ) , provides sparkling ‘ jottings from a fractured life ’ in his own inimitable , witty style .
lord gnome 's complete fib and lie diet ( corgi , £4.99 ) serves up the best of private eye 's recent offerings , and ned sherrin 's loose neds ( coronet , £3.99 ) , [gives] sparkling ‘ jottings from a fractured life ’ in his own inimitable , witty style .

Here , we used a throw of Indian cotton for the tablecloth , which covers the table right down to the ground , and an overcloth made from ticking provides fresh contrast for the coloured glasses .
here , we used a throw of indian cotton for the tablecloth , which covers the table right down to the ground , and an overcloth made from ticking [gives] fresh contrast for the coloured glasses .

The diet plan provides approximately 1,000 calories a day . In addition to the menus given below you are allowed :
the diet plan [gives] approximately 1,000 calories a day . in addition to the menus given below you are allowed :

State funding of the arts and of opera in particular is not even remotely capable of maintaining the status quo , and precious little of the commercial sponsorship that provides the lifeline to all the major opera companies is targeted at contemporary works .
state funding of the arts and of opera in particular is not even remotely capable of maintaining the status quo , and precious little of the commercial sponsorship that [gives] the lifeline to all the major opera companies is targeted at contemporary works .

Fundamentalism , whatever its religious version , provides a detailed and concrete programme for both individuals and society , even if it is one selected from texts or traditions whose suitability for the late 20th century is not obvious .
fundamentalism , whatever its religious version , [gives] a detailed and concrete programme for both individuals and society , even if it is one selected from texts or traditions whose suitability for the late 20th century is not obvious .

What the alternative to today 's degenerate and evil society is presents no immediate problem : women are once again hidden from sight , or married ones have their hair shorn ; thieves are once again punished by having hands or legs cut off ; alcohol , or whatever else is ritually prohibited , is banned ; and Koran , or Bible , or whatever constitutes the authoritative compendium or eternal wisdom , provides complete practical and moral guidance on all subjects , as interpreted by those whose business it is to do so .
what the alternative to today 's degenerate and evil society is presents no immediate problem : women are once again hidden from sight , or married ones have their hair shorn ; thieves are once again punished by having hands or legs cut off ; alcohol , or whatever else is ritually prohibited , is banned ; and koran , or bible , or whatever constitutes the authoritative compendium or eternal wisdom , [gives] complete practical and moral guidance on all subjects , as interpreted by those whose business it is to do so .

The call of ethnicity or language provides no guidance to the future at all .
the call of ethnicity or language [gives] no guidance to the future at all .

The call of ethnicity of language provides no guidance to the future at all .
the call of ethnicity of language [gives] no guidance to the future at all .

While this classic opposition may be losing its power as styles of play are increasingly internationalised , it still provides a popular and powerful mythology .
while this classic opposition may be losing its power as styles of play are increasingly internationalised , it still [gives] a popular and powerful mythology .

There are short promo films on each of the 12 cities staging the matches directed by internationally respected film- makers such as Fellini , Rosi and Bertolucci ; the poster design is by Italy 's most acclaimed living artist , Burri ; Giorgio Moroder provides the theme music .
there are short promo films on each of the 12 cities staging the matches directed by internationally respected film- makers such as fellini , rosi and bertolucci ; the poster design is by italy 's most acclaimed living artist , burri ; giorgio moroder [gives] the theme music .

11 for which Robert Woolley playfully provides a virtuoso obbligato on the organ ) .
11 for which robert woolley playfully [gives] a virtuoso obbligato on the organ ) .

In the ten Ives songs which he provides as fill-up he deftly avoids the obvious pitfalls in writing which is only parodistic in part , whether in the overtly sentimental fragments or the rousing songs like The Circus Band and the patriotic First World War song , He is there !
in the ten ives songs which he [gives] as fill-up he deftly avoids the obvious pitfalls in writing which is only parodistic in part , whether in the overtly sentimental fragments or the rousing songs like the circus band and the patriotic first world war song , he is there !

14 — to name but one instance — he provides a polyphonic magic , a subtle differentiation and entwining of voices that Brendel sees as a virtually sees as a virtually lost art .
14 — to name but one instance — he [gives] a polyphonic magic , a subtle differentiation and entwining of voices that brendel sees as a virtually sees as a virtually lost art .

The major drawback with the Byrne approach , however , is that it provides only an incidental guide to the way in which the services might be allocated between different types of local authority .
the major drawback with the byrne approach , however , is that it [gives] only an incidental guide to the way in which the services might be allocated between different types of local authority .

Education again provides a good example : central government has a strong interest in the provision of an education service which meets its perception of national priorities ; local people , especially parents , expect to have considerable influence over the education provided for their children .
education again [gives] a good example : central government has a strong interest in the provision of an education service which meets its perception of national priorities ; local people , especially parents , expect to have considerable influence over the education provided for their children .

The chief education officer also provides an illustration of the second factor we wish to mention .
the chief education officer also [gives] an illustration of the second factor we wish to mention .

Capital expenditure creates an asset that provides a lasting benefit such as a school or a house .
capital expenditure creates an asset that [gives] a lasting benefit such as a school or a house .

The Training Commission 's involvement in vocational training in local authority colleges of further education provides a further example .
the training commission 's involvement in vocational training in local authority colleges of further education [gives] a further example .

Close provides a perfect English accent and mimes convincingly to the singing of Dame Kiri Te Kenawa but not all the dubbing has been done with such care .
close [gives] a perfect english accent and mimes convincingly to the singing of dame kiri te kenawa but not all the dubbing has been done with such care .

As ever , music provides the heart of the festival .
as ever , music [gives] the heart of the festival .

Says an Expo spokesperson : ‘ Ultimately , the entire operation cuts the real cost of recording to approximately £160 , half that of most demos and provides the band with a public profile , reviews , recording experience , a high quality product and experience in marketing themselves on a small scale . ’
says an expo spokesperson : ‘ ultimately , the entire operation cuts the real cost of recording to approximately £160 , half that of most demos and [gives] the band with a public profile , reviews , recording experience , a high quality product and experience in marketing themselves on a small scale . ’

In short , it is sociology 's comparative perspective , its cross-cultural vision , that provides its strongest refutation of the naturalistic explanations or accounts outlined above .
in short , it is sociology 's comparative perspective , its cross-cultural vision , that [gives] its strongest refutation of the naturalistic explanations or accounts outlined above .

Though the existence of a variety of competing perspectives in sociology can sometimes be confusing and a little frustrating to the new student , he or she must recognise that there simply is no nice , neat package of ‘ sociology ’ which is universally accepted and which provides all the answers .
though the existence of a variety of competing perspectives in sociology can sometimes be confusing and a little frustrating to the new student , he or she must recognise that there simply is no nice , neat package of ‘ sociology ’ which is universally accepted and which [gives] all the answers .

In a caste stratification system — traditional India provides the most complete version — an individual 's position totally depends on those status attributes ascribed by birth rather than on any which are achieved during the course of one 's life .
in a caste stratification system — traditional india [gives] the most complete version — an individual 's position totally depends on those status attributes ascribed by birth rather than on any which are achieved during the course of one 's life .

The first issue is important because Marx provides an account of stratification which is significantly different from that of many other social theorists .
the first issue is important because marx [gives] an account of stratification which is significantly different from that of many other social theorists .

In addition , the right to buy and sell property provides capital gains : where the market value of an item of property has risen , this provides a profit on its sale .
in addition , the right to buy and sell property [gives] capital gains : where the market value of an item of property has risen , this [gives] a profit on its sale .

It is crucial to note that ‘ wealth begets wealth ’ : that is , productive property provides a return which may itself be reinvested to provide further return .
it is crucial to note that ‘ wealth begets wealth ’ : that is , productive property [gives] a return which may itself be reinvested to provide further return .

Scott ( 1982 ) provides a fascinating overview of its changing character .
scott ( 1982 ) [gives] a fascinating overview of its changing character .

The annual report of the General Household Survey provides information on the distribution of chronic illness by socio-economic group .
the annual report of the general household survey [gives] information on the distribution of chronic illness by socio-economic group .

Since the working class remains much bigger than the middle class , a small proportion of manual sons provides sufficient numbers to fill many of the higher-level vacancies .
since the working class remains much bigger than the middle class , a small proportion of manual sons [gives] sufficient numbers to fill many of the higher-level vacancies .

Even so , Weiner provides a graphic account of the character of this dominant culture — the disdain for trade or manufacture , the cult of countryside and garden , the grip of Southern culture and conservative notions of historical ‘ heritage ’ .
even so , weiner [gives] a graphic account of the character of this dominant culture — the disdain for trade or manufacture , the cult of countryside and garden , the grip of southern culture and conservative notions of historical ‘ heritage ’ .

2 ) provides a graphic account of the creation of a renewed public school ethos from the 1860s .
2 ) [gives] a graphic account of the creation of a renewed public school ethos from the 1860s .

Most of you had a shower installed because it was convenient and saved time , and also because you liked the fact that it uses less water than a bath and provides an extra bathing facility .
most of you had a shower installed because it was convenient and saved time , and also because you liked the fact that it uses less water than a bath and [gives] an extra bathing facility .

The solid granite worksurface provides colour and textural contrast
the solid granite worksurface [gives] colour and textural contrast

Eighteen months on from that flotation , Olsen has ordered five one-milliontonne tankers from the Belfast yard , which provides a much needed baseload of work .
eighteen months on from that flotation , olsen has ordered five one-milliontonne tankers from the belfast yard , which [gives] a much needed baseload of work .

The emphasis is on personal choice and expression through clothes ; the options Lacroix provides through his collections are numerous .
the emphasis is on personal choice and expression through clothes ; the options lacroix [gives] through his collections are numerous .

However , it will really be the New Moon on the 19th which provides you will a new romantic interest and just as long as you do n't try to manipulate , control or dominate , you could well be on cloud nine .
however , it will really be the new moon on the 19th which [gives] you will a new romantic interest and just as long as you do n't try to manipulate , control or dominate , you could well be on cloud nine .

This scheme provides for a simple and inexpensive method of Arbitration on documents alone under which the customer 's liability in respect of costs is limited .
this scheme [gives] for a simple and inexpensive method of arbitration on documents alone under which the customer 's liability in respect of costs is limited .

The whole first part provides a framework for what we have just described as a level-of-analysis problem with three layers and two dimensions .
the whole first part [gives] a framework for what we have just described as a level-of-analysis problem with three layers and two dimensions .

Graham Allison 's study of the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis provides an example in the realm of foreign policy decisions .
graham allison 's study of the 1962 cuban missile crisis [gives] an example in the realm of foreign policy decisions .

Theory provides a possible account but does not guarantee its own scope and truth .
theory [gives] a possible account but does not guarantee its own scope and truth .

Is it merely that evidence of probability provides reassurance that the ‘ meaning ’ account is correct ?
is it merely that evidence of probability [gives] reassurance that the ‘ meaning ’ account is correct ?

‘ Traditionally , the wife provides the bulk of the emotional support .
‘ traditionally , the wife [gives] the bulk of the emotional support .

Volunteers also help with claims for Criminal Injuries Compensation — a Government scheme which provides moderate cash payments for people injured through violent crimes .
volunteers also help with claims for criminal injuries compensation — a government scheme which [gives] moderate cash payments for people injured through violent crimes .

Paul 's position , in short , provides Simon Peter with a viable explanation for why the world has not yet ended , why it may not for another thousand or two thousand years , while at the same time still justifying one 's allegiance .
paul 's position , in short , [gives] simon peter with a viable explanation for why the world has not yet ended , why it may not for another thousand or two thousand years , while at the same time still justifying one 's allegiance .

In terms of Wirral , this function is carried out by the local Drugs Council which provides a ‘ drop-in ’ service for users and their families , a 24-hour telephone service , two-week induction courses with follow-up counselling , and residential facilities for those who need to ‘ come off the street ’ .
in terms of wirral , this function is carried out by the local drugs council which [gives] a ‘ drop-in ’ service for users and their families , a 24-hour telephone service , two-week induction courses with follow-up counselling , and residential facilities for those who need to ‘ come off the street ’ .

It provides for the use of a simple and standard certificate of apostille in place of what can in some parts of the world be an elaborate and tortuous process of legalisation , a concept little known in the common law world .
it [gives] for the use of a simple and standard certificate of apostille in place of what can in some parts of the world be an elaborate and tortuous process of legalisation , a concept little known in the common law world .

Article 1 provides that service will be effected in Contracting States on the request of a consul of the state of origin addressed to an authority designated for the purpose by the state of destination .
article 1 [gives] that service will be effected in contracting states on the request of a consul of the state of origin addressed to an authority designated for the purpose by the state of destination .

The text provides that they are available if they are permitted under a bilateral convention , or , in the absence of a convention , if the state of destination does not object ; and provides further that the direct consular channel shall always be available where service is to be effected without any compulsion on a national of the state of origin .
the text [gives] that they are available if they are permitted under a bilateral convention , or , in the absence of a convention , if the state of destination does not object ; and [gives] further that the direct consular channel shall always be available where service is to be effected without any compulsion on a national of the state of origin .

This provides for service , directly upon the addressee and without the use of any form of compulsion , by consular agents and also for the use of the indirect consular channel , service being effected in France through the procureur de la République within whose area the addressee was to be found , and in England through the Senior Master of the Supreme Court .
this [gives] for service , directly upon the addressee and without the use of any form of compulsion , by consular agents and also for the use of the indirect consular channel , service being effected in france through the procureur de la république within whose area the addressee was to be found , and in england through the senior master of the supreme court .

In the result , the Convention provides that the request is initiated by an ‘ authority or judicial officer competent under the law of the State in which the documents originate ’ .
in the result , the convention [gives] that the request is initiated by an ‘ authority or judicial officer competent under the law of the state in which the documents originate ’ .

Article 20 of the Brussels Convention provides that where a defendant domiciled in one Contracting State is sued in a court of another Contracting State the court shall stay the proceedings so long as it is not shown that the defendant has been able to receive the document instituting the proceedings or an equivalent document in sufficient time to enable him to arrange for his defence , or that all necessary steps have been taken to this end .
article 20 of the brussels convention [gives] that where a defendant domiciled in one contracting state is sued in a court of another contracting state the court shall stay the proceedings so long as it is not shown that the defendant has been able to receive the document instituting the proceedings or an equivalent document in sufficient time to enable him to arrange for his defence , or that all necessary steps have been taken to this end .

The Convention provides simple and certain means by which to serve process on a foreign national .
the convention [gives] simple and certain means by which to serve process on a foreign national .

The Convention 's strength is that it copes with their diversity and provides an effective mechanism acceptable to all .
the convention 's strength is that it copes with their diversity and [gives] an effective mechanism acceptable to all .

The Draft provides for the service of documents required for the purpose of a civil proceeding at the request of a tribunal ( defined to include courts , and administrative agencies engaged in the exercise of judicial or quasi-judicial functions ) of the state of origin .
the draft [gives] for the service of documents required for the purpose of a civil proceeding at the request of a tribunal ( defined to include courts , and administrative agencies engaged in the exercise of judicial or quasi-judicial functions ) of the state of origin .

It was thought at one time that a Mareva injunction was a remedy only available against foreign defendants , perhaps because the risk of assets being removed was usually greater and more obvious in such cases . It was however accepted by the Court of Appeal in 1980 that an injunction could properly be granted even if the defendant was based in England if in the circumstances there was a danger of the assets being removed , and this was put beyond doubt by section 37(3) of the Supreme Court Act 1981 which provides :
it was thought at one time that a mareva injunction was a remedy only available against foreign defendants , perhaps because the risk of assets being removed was usually greater and more obvious in such cases . it was however accepted by the court of appeal in 1980 that an injunction could properly be granted even if the defendant was based in england if in the circumstances there was a danger of the assets being removed , and this was put beyond doubt by section 37(3) of the supreme court act 1981 which [gives] :

The first provides a means whereby a United States court may provide material for use in foreign proceedings . This provides , in relevant part :
the first [gives] a means whereby a united states court may provide material for use in foreign proceedings . this [gives] , in relevant part :

The Convention provides for the taking of evidence or the performing of other judicial acts abroad , by means of Letters of Request or by the use of diplomats and consuls , of and commissioners .
the convention [gives] for the taking of evidence or the performing of other judicial acts abroad , by means of letters of request or by the use of diplomats and consuls , of and commissioners .

In the end result , therefore , the State of Norway litigation provides no real guidance as to the meaning of the phrase in the Hague context .
in the end result , therefore , the state of norway litigation [gives] no real guidance as to the meaning of the phrase in the hague context .

Article 1(2) of the Convention provides that
article 1(2) of the convention [gives] that

Article 23 further provides
article 23 further [gives]

The Convention provides first that a diplomatic officer and consular agent may take evidence without compulsion in civil or commercial matters from nationals of the State he represents in aid of proceedings commenced in the courts of the State represented .
the convention [gives] first that a diplomatic officer and consular agent may take evidence without compulsion in civil or commercial matters from nationals of the state he represents in aid of proceedings commenced in the courts of the state represented .

In contrast , Article 16 provides that a diplomatic officer or consular agent may only take evidence , without compulsion , of nationals of the State in which he exercises his functions , or of third States , if a competent authority in the requested State has given its permission , either generally or in the particular case , and subject to any conditions imposed .
in contrast , article 16 [gives] that a diplomatic officer or consular agent may only take evidence , without compulsion , of nationals of the state in which he exercises his functions , or of third states , if a competent authority in the requested state has given its permission , either generally or in the particular case , and subject to any conditions imposed .

( The power to administer oaths may thus be limited , where local law provides that only judges and notaries may administer oaths . )
( the power to administer oaths may thus be limited , where local law [gives] that only judges and notaries may administer oaths . )

An interesting old building containing the Camera Obscura which provides tourists with fascinating instantaneous moving pictures of the city .
an interesting old building containing the camera obscura which [gives] tourists with fascinating instantaneous moving pictures of the city .

The Camera Obscura at the top of the Tower provides fascinating table-top views of the city and surrounding country .
the camera obscura at the top of the tower [gives] fascinating table-top views of the city and surrounding country .

The General Household Survey provides extensive data concerning three main aspects of social contact : visits from friends/relatives ; visits to friends/relatives and contact with neighbours .
the general household survey [gives] extensive data concerning three main aspects of social contact : visits from friends/relatives ; visits to friends/relatives and contact with neighbours .

Bury ( 1988 ) provides some interesting ideas about how the debate can be moved forward by designing research projects which examine ageing from a longitudinal perspective .
bury ( 1988 ) [gives] some interesting ideas about how the debate can be moved forward by designing research projects which examine ageing from a longitudinal perspective .

In the United Kingdom the 1836 Births and Deaths Registration Act provides the framework for the current system of death registration .
in the united kingdom the 1836 births and deaths registration act [gives] the framework for the current system of death registration .

Ham ( 1985 ) reports that the private sector provides 5 per cent of acute beds , 8 per cent of all beds and receives about 8 per cent of all non-emergency admissions to acute hospitals .
ham ( 1985 ) reports that the private sector [gives] 5 per cent of acute beds , 8 per cent of all beds and receives about 8 per cent of all non-emergency admissions to acute hospitals .

The health sector provides community nursing , long-stay care and day hospital places as well as acute beds .
the health sector [gives] community nursing , long-stay care and day hospital places as well as acute beds .

His novels , and in particular two novels of the sea which in many ways closely resembled certain of Conrad 's extended stories , assert the pre-eminence of story , of what happens next : in the balance he holds between character and event , in the way he directs his narrative , he provides almost a blueprint of the classic adventure genre .
his novels , and in particular two novels of the sea which in many ways closely resembled certain of conrad 's extended stories , assert the pre-eminence of story , of what happens next : in the balance he holds between character and event , in the way he directs his narrative , he [gives] almost a blueprint of the classic adventure genre .

The deliberately impassive front cultivated by Michael Fitton , hiding reckless courage and a talent for improvisation , provides a different example of the way a novelist can colour and intensify fact without falsifying it .
the deliberately impassive front cultivated by michael fitton , hiding reckless courage and a talent for improvisation , [gives] a different example of the way a novelist can colour and intensify fact without falsifying it .

shinkansen tracks provides a platform for artists with new ways of making work .
shinkansen tracks [gives] a platform for artists with new ways of making work .

As schooling goes on there is a progressive revelation of the selective role of the school vis-a-vis the labour market , bringing children into an asymptotic relation to ‘ real life ’ , for which it provides the apprenticeship .
as schooling goes on there is a progressive revelation of the selective role of the school vis-a-vis the labour market , bringing children into an asymptotic relation to ‘ real life ’ , for which it [gives] the apprenticeship .

The distinction between real and apparent achievement , if only it can be concealed from the teacher , and suitably managed by a child , provides the opportunity for rewards to be received just as well for cheating as for genuine achievement .
the distinction between real and apparent achievement , if only it can be concealed from the teacher , and suitably managed by a child , [gives] the opportunity for rewards to be received just as well for cheating as for genuine achievement .

Pollner , on the other hand , by adding some flesh to the skeletal possibilities implied by Becker , provides us with a working summary of an approach which yields both sociological and social-psychological perspectives :
pollner , on the other hand , by adding some flesh to the skeletal possibilities implied by becker , [gives] us with a working summary of an approach which yields both sociological and social-psychological perspectives :

But our task is made relevant only in the context of an adequate sociological model which provides for an account , from ‘ without ’ , of the processes by which football fans come to be viewed as deviant , and how fans come to be portrayed as disordered and devilish .
but our task is made relevant only in the context of an adequate sociological model which [gives] for an account , from ‘ without ’ , of the processes by which football fans come to be viewed as deviant , and how fans come to be portrayed as disordered and devilish .

It may very well be that the socio-political theory of Ian Taylor , who suggests that soccer hooliganism results from fans being alienated from their football clubs , provides for a correct analysis .
it may very well be that the socio-political theory of ian taylor , who suggests that soccer hooliganism results from fans being alienated from their football clubs , [gives] for a correct analysis .

Thus the intention of the actor is to perform the act , and local knowledge provides him with the means to achieve it .
thus the intention of the actor is to perform the act , and local knowledge [gives] him with the means to achieve it .

But , as we shall see , the richness of the soccer social world provides for commitments to be expressed in many different ways .
but , as we shall see , the richness of the soccer social world [gives] for commitments to be expressed in many different ways .

The nutter is acceptable in that he demonstrates to other fans what they should not do , and provides living proof of their own propriety .
the nutter is acceptable in that he demonstrates to other fans what they should not do , and [gives] living proof of their own propriety .

The drive is lined all the way by graceful lime trees and provides the first hint as to the verity of Tennyson 's description of Gunby Hall in a poem dated 1849 , where he describes it was a ‘ haunt of ancient peace ’ .
the drive is lined all the way by graceful lime trees and [gives] the first hint as to the verity of tennyson 's description of gunby hall in a poem dated 1849 , where he describes it was a ‘ haunt of ancient peace ’ .

Not only does a tower provide a landmark , alerting everyone for miles around to the presence of the brewery , it also provides the brewery with a trademark , though on the printed version the mill has acquired the adornment of four sales — historically inaccurate but more symmetrical !
not only does a tower provide a landmark , alerting everyone for miles around to the presence of the brewery , it also [gives] the brewery with a trademark , though on the printed version the mill has acquired the adornment of four sales — historically inaccurate but more symmetrical !

And to make it as simple as possible for you , Brighton 's Accommodation Bureau provides an excellent free service .
and to make it as simple as possible for you , brighton 's accommodation bureau [gives] an excellent free service .

Angela McCarthy welcomes you to her period guest house where she provides traditional English food .
angela mccarthy welcomes you to her period guest house where she [gives] traditional english food .

Mrs Moore welcomes you to her Regency villa where she provides traditional English food in grand surroundings .
mrs moore welcomes you to her regency villa where she [gives] traditional english food in grand surroundings .

One particular regulatory structure , namely the Chinese Wall , will be analyzed to see whether it provides the most attractive regulatory solution for governments and regulatory authorities reviewing this area .
one particular regulatory structure , namely the chinese wall , will be analyzed to see whether it [gives] the most attractive regulatory solution for governments and regulatory authorities reviewing this area .

First , relevant case law provides a testing ground where the government and regulatory authorities can tailor regulatory reform in the light of judicial assessment of regulatory developments .
first , relevant case law [gives] a testing ground where the government and regulatory authorities can tailor regulatory reform in the light of judicial assessment of regulatory developments .

The first , which provides a backdrop against which any further criticism may be set , is probably the most important .
the first , which [gives] a backdrop against which any further criticism may be set , is probably the most important .

Such a state of affairs provides the seller with a unique opportunity to exploit the relatively weak bargaining position of the investor .
such a state of affairs [gives] the seller with a unique opportunity to exploit the relatively weak bargaining position of the investor .

Manne 's main argument in favour of the use of inside information is that insider dealing provides ‘ the only effective compensation scheme for entrepreneurial services in large corporations .
manne 's main argument in favour of the use of inside information is that insider dealing [gives] ‘ the only effective compensation scheme for entrepreneurial services in large corporations .

Insider dealing provides a route by which they may do so .
insider dealing [gives] a route by which they may do so .

In his opinion , insider dealing provides a better and more efficient mechanism for channelling information into the market .
in his opinion , insider dealing [gives] a better and more efficient mechanism for channelling information into the market .

Insider dealing , however , not only provides firms with a cost effective way of releasing news to the market , it also provides a speedy and efficient means by which the markets can integrate new information into the price of a security ( the ‘ market speed argument ’ ) and helps smooth out fluctuations in stock market prices ( the ‘ market smoothness argument ’ ) .
insider dealing , however , not only [gives] firms with a cost effective way of releasing news to the market , it also [gives] a speedy and efficient means by which the markets can integrate new information into the price of a security ( the ‘ market speed argument ’ ) and helps smooth out fluctuations in stock market prices ( the ‘ market smoothness argument ’ ) .

Ict is important to note that rule 14e-3 provides a ‘ Chinese Wall-type ’ defence for multi-service financial firms which would otherwise fall full square within the prohibition outlined in the rule .
ict is important to note that rule 14e-3 [gives] a ‘ chinese wall-type ’ defence for multi-service financial firms which would otherwise fall full square within the prohibition outlined in the rule .

The restaurant offers a varied Italian menu , and the owner Signor Valastro provides a warm welcome .
the restaurant offers a varied italian menu , and the owner signor valastro [gives] a warm welcome .

Situated on the border between Spotorno and its neighbour Noli , this hotel provides comfortable , friendly accommodation in a pleasant setting .
situated on the border between spotorno and its neighbour noli , this hotel [gives] comfortable , friendly accommodation in a pleasant setting .

The enchanting Venetian lagoon , with Venice at its centre , provides an unparalleled chance to combine a relaxed beach holiday with some of the best sightseeing in Italy .
the enchanting venetian lagoon , with venice at its centre , [gives] an unparalleled chance to combine a relaxed beach holiday with some of the best sightseeing in italy .

Twice a week , a piano bar provides entertainment for guests in the evening .
twice a week , a piano bar [gives] entertainment for guests in the evening .

Friendly service provides a warm welcome at the front desk and continues in the air-conditioned dining-room , where a good standard of meals includes a buffet breakfast and choice at lunch and dinner .
friendly service [gives] a warm welcome at the front desk and continues in the air-conditioned dining-room , where a good standard of meals includes a buffet breakfast and choice at lunch and dinner .

The Sierra Silvana in Selva di Fasano is a beautifully appointed hotel , high in the pine-wooded hills above the coast , and provides an enviable position for peaceful relaxation .
the sierra silvana in selva di fasano is a beautifully appointed hotel , high in the pine-wooded hills above the coast , and [gives] an enviable position for peaceful relaxation .

Once a patrician villa , a small terrace in the gardens provides a lush , flower-bedecked retreat after a hectic day 's sightseeing and , within , marble pillars , frescoes and high , painted ceilings remain from former times in the public rooms .
once a patrician villa , a small terrace in the gardens [gives] a lush , flower-bedecked retreat after a hectic day 's sightseeing and , within , marble pillars , frescoes and high , painted ceilings remain from former times in the public rooms .

An attractive large verandah provides two of the apartments with what , in summer time , amounts to an extra room .
an attractive large verandah [gives] two of the apartments with what , in summer time , amounts to an extra room .

The setting is scenically very beautiful but also provides a very convenient base for those who are keen to explore this region as a whole — the ‘ League of Chianti ’ is all around and we can most particularly recommend Radda , the League 's ancient capital , which is within easy reach .
the setting is scenically very beautiful but also [gives] a very convenient base for those who are keen to explore this region as a whole — the ‘ league of chianti ’ is all around and we can most particularly recommend radda , the league 's ancient capital , which is within easy reach .

In her article Stella Lowry provides several examples .
in her article stella lowry [gives] several examples .

It is true that home blood testing provides more accurate information than that available from urine tests , especially in patients with an abnormal renal threshold , and that it also provides information about everyday fluctuations .
it is true that home blood testing [gives] more accurate information than that available from urine tests , especially in patients with an abnormal renal threshold , and that it also [gives] information about everyday fluctuations .

Contracting for other parts of the group , and even other manufacturers , provides a good half of the company 's income , and , just as importantly , enables it to invest in a high level of machinery which could not be justified for the volatile business of light aircraft manufacturing alone .
contracting for other parts of the group , and even other manufacturers , [gives] a good half of the company 's income , and , just as importantly , enables it to invest in a high level of machinery which could not be justified for the volatile business of light aircraft manufacturing alone .

The kit provides superstrong hanger bars , which can be cut to length as required , plus all the fixing brackets , housings , screws and the centre section that you need
the kit [gives] superstrong hanger bars , which can be cut to length as required , plus all the fixing brackets , housings , screws and the centre section that you need

This provides an even spread , and the follows created improve suction and grip .
this [gives] an even spread , and the follows created improve suction and grip .

The first is to construct the whole thing from scratch , using your own materials , but making use of standard sizes or door and internal storage systems ; the second is to make use of a wardrobe kit , which basically provides the door and the frame to make the wardrobe front , but allows you to choose your own internal fitments .
the first is to construct the whole thing from scratch , using your own materials , but making use of standard sizes or door and internal storage systems ; the second is to make use of a wardrobe kit , which basically [gives] the door and the frame to make the wardrobe front , but allows you to choose your own internal fitments .

Barclaycard provides free insurance on almost all purchases over £50 for the first 100 days .
barclaycard [gives] free insurance on almost all purchases over £50 for the first 100 days .

This provides banking services through your local post office , which is normally open six days a week ( including Saturday mornings ) , and for longer than normal banking hours .
this [gives] banking services through your local post office , which is normally open six days a week ( including saturday mornings ) , and for longer than normal banking hours .

The Bank also provides its members with technical assistance and advice on projects , since the less developed countries often lack the required technical expertise .
the bank also [gives] its members with technical assistance and advice on projects , since the less developed countries often lack the required technical expertise .

Although less significant it still provides about 15 per cent of funds .
although less significant it still [gives] about 15 per cent of funds .

Extended Fund facility This facility provides 20 per cent of credit and was established in 1974 to assist countries on a longer-term basis for supporting adjustment efforts through structural reform and appropriate macroeconomic policies .
extended fund facility this facility [gives] 20 per cent of credit and was established in 1974 to assist countries on a longer-term basis for supporting adjustment efforts through structural reform and appropriate macroeconomic policies .

Table 10.3 provides the alternative presentation .
table 10.3 [gives] the alternative presentation .

Already , the official ration provides only a third of people 's needs .
already , the official ration [gives] only a third of people 's needs .

In many cases the man 's pay packet is swallowed up at the weekend , when rent and other bills are paid and weekend food is bought , so the Family Allowance paid on Tuesdays provides some food for the family until the next pay day .
in many cases the man 's pay packet is swallowed up at the weekend , when rent and other bills are paid and weekend food is bought , so the family allowance paid on tuesdays [gives] some food for the family until the next pay day .

( Under the scheme , those who belong to an occupational scheme which provides a pension at least as good as the state can partially contract out of the state scheme and pay a lower contribution . )
( under the scheme , those who belong to an occupational scheme which [gives] a pension at least as good as the state can partially contract out of the state scheme and pay a lower contribution . )

Furthermore , because of the importance of women 's unpaid domestic labour , particularly as a child rearer , the state , albeit reluctantly , provides some financial support , with social security payments for example , once the marital relationship breaks down .
furthermore , because of the importance of women 's unpaid domestic labour , particularly as a child rearer , the state , albeit reluctantly , [gives] some financial support , with social security payments for example , once the marital relationship breaks down .

The state provides housing for children , and hence for whoever is caring for them .
the state [gives] housing for children , and hence for whoever is caring for them .

The neurotic 's suffering is an important component in analysis in that it provides motivational energy to the patient to work at his or her analysis .
the neurotic 's suffering is an important component in analysis in that it [gives] motivational energy to the patient to work at his or her analysis .

They seem to have a reasonably clear meaning , and have the merit of linking diverse bits of information together in a coherent pattern , and it provides an explanation for the content of Judaism and Christianity especially , and may have some application for understanding and explaining the ritual developments in Hinduism and Buddhism , as will be illustrated in Chapter 5 .
they seem to have a reasonably clear meaning , and have the merit of linking diverse bits of information together in a coherent pattern , and it [gives] an explanation for the content of judaism and christianity especially , and may have some application for understanding and explaining the ritual developments in hinduism and buddhism , as will be illustrated in chapter 5 .

Furthermore , it provides the beginnings of a theory which discriminates between responses which offer short-term emotional comfort for people and changes in technology and economy which produce real gains in human happiness and lessen suffering in this life .
furthermore , it [gives] the beginnings of a theory which discriminates between responses which offer short-term emotional comfort for people and changes in technology and economy which produce real gains in human happiness and lessen suffering in this life .

Freud 's theory provides a conceptualization of the unconscious emotions which used to operate in religions .
freud 's theory [gives] a conceptualization of the unconscious emotions which used to operate in religions .

The great cave stance provides calming sanctuary , but above further menace lurks .
the great cave stance [gives] calming sanctuary , but above further menace lurks .

But it is the 50 metres high Grande Face which provides most of the best climbing , and the central part , with its three clearly defined changes of angle , must be unique .
but it is the 50 metres high grande face which [gives] most of the best climbing , and the central part , with its three clearly defined changes of angle , must be unique .

It is , to be honest , infectious , and provides immunity from the frustration that the fat drops spreading themselves across the windscreen should induce .
it is , to be honest , infectious , and [gives] immunity from the frustration that the fat drops spreading themselves across the windscreen should induce .

Later sources had it that the king was murdered : Geoffrey le Baker , writing thirty years after the event , provides the vivid details of the brutal and degrading way in which he is supposed to have met his death , but Dr Cuttino and Dr Lyman have recently suggested that the story of his escape to Ireland and then via France to Cologne where he ended up as a hermit may not be wholly imaginary .
later sources had it that the king was murdered : geoffrey le baker , writing thirty years after the event , [gives] the vivid details of the brutal and degrading way in which he is supposed to have met his death , but dr cuttino and dr lyman have recently suggested that the story of his escape to ireland and then via france to cologne where he ended up as a hermit may not be wholly imaginary .

The Wall-Paintings of Thera provides a first opportunity to see all the excavated frescos .
the wall-paintings of thera [gives] a first opportunity to see all the excavated frescos .

Council spokeswoman Jane Williams said : ‘ We were able to award the hardship relief having seen the circumstances of the company and the unique service it provides to the community . ’
council spokeswoman jane williams said : ‘ we were able to award the hardship relief having seen the circumstances of the company and the unique service it [gives] to the community . ’

The Mines ( Working Facilities and Support ) Act 1966 , as amended , provides a means by which an operator who is either unable to trace the mineral rights owner , or can not reach an agreement on reasonable terms with him , can obtain the necessary authority to explore for and work minerals .
the mines ( working facilities and support ) act 1966 , as amended , [gives] a means by which an operator who is either unable to trace the mineral rights owner , or can not reach an agreement on reasonable terms with him , can obtain the necessary authority to explore for and work minerals .

The Country Landowners Association ( Appendix 2.2.4 ) has published a booklet entitled ‘ Minerals ’ ( 2nd Edition 1983 ) which provides guidelines for negotiating prospecting and mining leases from the landowner 's point of view .
the country landowners association ( appendix 2.2.4 ) has published a booklet entitled ‘ minerals ’ ( 2nd edition 1983 ) which [gives] guidelines for negotiating prospecting and mining leases from the landowner 's point of view .

This section briefly describes the known metalliferous mineral deposits of Britain and provides references for additional reading .
this section briefly describes the known metalliferous mineral deposits of britain and [gives] references for additional reading .

The firm currently provides work for 13 people , four of them self-employed .
the firm currently [gives] work for 13 people , four of them self-employed .

The majority are now unemployed , resources are few , but they can manage 50p a head for the garden , and for many of them it provides the only pleasure they have in life .
the majority are now unemployed , resources are few , but they can manage 50p a head for the garden , and for many of them it [gives] the only pleasure they have in life .

Nuclear Electric 's reduction of their unit cost during 1992 – 93 to 2.88 pence per unit compares favourably with our own 2.98 ppu and provides Scottish Nuclear with a challenge to improve performance .
nuclear electric 's reduction of their unit cost during 1992 – 93 to 2.88 pence per unit compares favourably with our own 2.98 ppu and [gives] scottish nuclear with a challenge to improve performance .

What your policy provides
what your policy [gives]

What your policy provides
what your policy [gives]

What your policy provides Your policy gives you much more than you might expect .
what your policy [gives] your policy gives you much more than you might expect .

Customer care also provides opportunities for business development .
customer care also [gives] opportunities for business development .

Escapade basically provides the experience of taking off and landing a commercial airliner , aboard Britannia 's 737 flight simulator .
escapade basically [gives] the experience of taking off and landing a commercial airliner , aboard britannia 's 737 flight simulator .

The Company provides a service similar to that already operated by Hygiene as well as covering larger drainage systems and dealing with other problems associated with liquid waste .
the company [gives] a service similar to that already operated by hygiene as well as covering larger drainage systems and dealing with other problems associated with liquid waste .

Comlon International plc provides fruit and vegetables from all over the world .
comlon international plc [gives] fruit and vegetables from all over the world .

Importantly , the Vocational Access Certificate provides a progressive and meaningful route into NVQs .
importantly , the vocational access certificate [gives] a progressive and meaningful route into nvqs .

They are further supported by the Enterprise Training Jobclub which provides help for people who need long term support with job searching .
they are further supported by the enterprise training jobclub which [gives] help for people who need long term support with job searching .

Provides annotated examples of letters , with guidance on style and form .
[gives] annotated examples of letters , with guidance on style and form .

Provides realistic and thought-provoking material , eg letters , memos , orders , reports , which need a reply .
[gives] realistic and thought-provoking material , eg letters , memos , orders , reports , which need a reply .

Provides guidance on English and American usage .
[gives] guidance on english and american usage .

Part one provides instruction in the use and practice of English in different types of communication , including essay , business letter and other forms of business writing ; activities provide for development of all the skills .
part one [gives] instruction in the use and practice of english in different types of communication , including essay , business letter and other forms of business writing ; activities provide for development of all the skills .

Provides exercises appropriate for a range of common telephone situations : orders , bookings , complaints , etc .
[gives] exercises appropriate for a range of common telephone situations : orders , bookings , complaints , etc .

Systematically covers the main types of business letter , and also provides information about international commerce and British financial institutions .
systematically covers the main types of business letter , and also [gives] information about international commerce and british financial institutions .

Optional deskwork book provides for written and spoken practice .
optional deskwork book [gives] for written and spoken practice .

Provides a detailed and realistic model of how to organize and structure a formal business presentation .
[gives] a detailed and realistic model of how to organize and structure a formal business presentation .

An onboard computer in the driver 's cab provides instant on-screen information about various lift/load configurations .
an onboard computer in the driver 's cab [gives] instant on-screen information about various lift/load configurations .

It also provides staff with experience in the development of assessment procedures , and this experience should be valuable preparation for the more extensive devolution of responsibility which is envisaged by the Council .
it also [gives] staff with experience in the development of assessment procedures , and this experience should be valuable preparation for the more extensive devolution of responsibility which is envisaged by the council .

The range of options offered at Napier contributes to the breadth of course curriculum and provides a necessary flexibility in choice of subjects studied .
the range of options offered at napier contributes to the breadth of course curriculum and [gives] a necessary flexibility in choice of subjects studied .

The incorporation of these units in the Core Programme provides a balance to complement the more ‘ technological ’ units of Computer Aided Engineering .
the incorporation of these units in the core programme [gives] a balance to complement the more ‘ technological ’ units of computer aided engineering .

The modular system provides a basis of transferable skills which assists those who , for whatever reason , wish to change career direction ; those preparing for return to employment and those wishing to add to or update their skills .
the modular system [gives] a basis of transferable skills which assists those who , for whatever reason , wish to change career direction ; those preparing for return to employment and those wishing to add to or update their skills .

Edinburgh provides an ideal location for the study of scientific and technical graphics .
edinburgh [gives] an ideal location for the study of scientific and technical graphics .

Studying in Edinburgh provides a student with an opportunity to live and work in one of the most attractive cities in the country .
studying in edinburgh [gives] a student with an opportunity to live and work in one of the most attractive cities in the country .

It is important to emphasise that comparability does not establish precise equivalences between qualifications across Europe , instead it provides indicative information which , in the form of a table , matches qualifications to job descriptions .
it is important to emphasise that comparability does not establish precise equivalences between qualifications across europe , instead it [gives] indicative information which , in the form of a table , matches qualifications to job descriptions .

It provides extensive guidance on learning and teaching , but it remains for the tutor to apply the descriptor to the language being taught , and to provide the necessary content .
it [gives] extensive guidance on learning and teaching , but it remains for the tutor to apply the descriptor to the language being taught , and to provide the necessary content .

The suite of National Certificate Modules listed below provides a means of studying European issues within a sociological , political , historical and geographical context :
the suite of national certificate modules listed below [gives] a means of studying european issues within a sociological , political , historical and geographical context :

The cluster in European studies provides a flexible means of introducing a European dimension to the school or college curriculum for a wide ability range .
the cluster in european studies [gives] a flexible means of introducing a european dimension to the school or college curriculum for a wide ability range .

These three modules will form part of a course in environmental studies being offered by Thurso College , which provides access to further studies at Aberdeen University .
these three modules will form part of a course in environmental studies being offered by thurso college , which [gives] access to further studies at aberdeen university .

However the Guide also provides good preparation for anyone involved in National Certificate work , either as an administrator or as a teacher or lecturer .
however the guide also [gives] good preparation for anyone involved in national certificate work , either as an administrator or as a teacher or lecturer .

The 1* Budget policy provides cover for contents :
the 1* budget policy [gives] cover for contents :

This section provides all risks cover for certain property and the Policyholder selects which property is to be covered . Cover is available on the following : —
this section [gives] all risks cover for certain property and the policyholder selects which property is to be covered . cover is available on the following : —

Of the main range of Home Insurance policies only the 5* Maxplan policy provides full new for old cover in respect of bicycles .
of the main range of home insurance policies only the 5* maxplan policy [gives] full new for old cover in respect of bicycles .

This section also provides cover for the Policyholder 's liability under the Defective Premises Act 1972 in connection with any previous homes occupied by the Policyholder .
this section also [gives] cover for the policyholder 's liability under the defective premises act 1972 in connection with any previous homes occupied by the policyholder .

The triumphant outcome of several thousand recorded experiments , Jasper ware was prized by Josiah above all his productions and provides today one of the most valued and sought-after ranges of ornamental ware in the world .
the triumphant outcome of several thousand recorded experiments , jasper ware was prized by josiah above all his productions and [gives] today one of the most valued and sought-after ranges of ornamental ware in the world .

The Rentokil Library provides an authoritative series of fully illustrated books and expert knowledge of specialist authors on many subjects of concern to those responsible for hygiene , pest control or property maintenance .
the rentokil library [gives] an authoritative series of fully illustrated books and expert knowledge of specialist authors on many subjects of concern to those responsible for hygiene , pest control or property maintenance .

Rentokil provides its own unique insurance against the cost of treating outbreaks of woodworm and wood rot and the failure of damp proof courses .
rentokil [gives] its own unique insurance against the cost of treating outbreaks of woodworm and wood rot and the failure of damp proof courses .

The growing Cavity Wall Tie Service provides a comprehensive system of inspection and replacement of corroded wall ties .
the growing cavity wall tie service [gives] a comprehensive system of inspection and replacement of corroded wall ties .

Timber Preserving provides specialist preservative products to the major wood producing countries of the world .
timber preserving [gives] specialist preservative products to the major wood producing countries of the world .

Office Machine Maintenance provides a service for leasing , rental , sales and maintenance of photocopiers and fax machines .
office machine maintenance [gives] a service for leasing , rental , sales and maintenance of photocopiers and fax machines .

Where this Agreement provides that the loss or part thereof shall be borne by a party hereto , and the loss is paid by the other party hereto , the purposes of this Agreement shall be effected by reimbursement between such parties subject to the limits of the Policies issued by such parties .
where this agreement [gives] that the loss or part thereof shall be borne by a party hereto , and the loss is paid by the other party hereto , the purposes of this agreement shall be effected by reimbursement between such parties subject to the limits of the policies issued by such parties .

With certain types of plant it may be necessary for tests and Statutory Certification to be carried out after completion of the repairs and an early investigation provides the opportunity for testing arrangements to be made .
with certain types of plant it may be necessary for tests and statutory certification to be carried out after completion of the repairs and an early investigation [gives] the opportunity for testing arrangements to be made .

Provides cover for accidental damage whilst plant and machinery is being moved .
[gives] cover for accidental damage whilst plant and machinery is being moved .

When plant is being moved between locations cover provides for fire and theft when plant is outwith premises owned by the Insured .
when plant is being moved between locations cover [gives] for fire and theft when plant is outwith premises owned by the insured .

The following provides an outline of handling in relation to specific claims intimated under various covers :
the following [gives] an outline of handling in relation to specific claims intimated under various covers :

it provides for the Claimant to be in the same position after the loss as immediately before it .
it [gives] for the claimant to be in the same position after the loss as immediately before it .

This section provides cover for Capital Benefits and also a weekly benefit relating to total disablement from the Policyholders usual profession or occupation . The benefits described in the Policy Schedule will be paid if the Policyholder suffers bodily injury caused by accidental means resulting directly , solely and independently of other causes in : —
this section [gives] cover for capital benefits and also a weekly benefit relating to total disablement from the policyholders usual profession or occupation . the benefits described in the policy schedule will be paid if the policyholder suffers bodily injury caused by accidental means resulting directly , solely and independently of other causes in : —

It provides a payment of $ 10 a day up to a maximum of 30 days .
it [gives] a payment of $ 10 a day up to a maximum of 30 days .

Computer simulation provides project engineers with graphic descriptions of the principal elements of plant in action at factory sites allowing them to study manufacturing process operations in detail .
computer simulation [gives] project engineers with graphic descriptions of the principal elements of plant in action at factory sites allowing them to study manufacturing process operations in detail .

This provides people with a national recognition for their competencies and ability at work and clearer paths for progression and development .
this [gives] people with a national recognition for their competencies and ability at work and clearer paths for progression and development .

The principle advantage to the insurer conferred by Court proceedings is that ultimately it provides a final date by which the dilatory pursuer and his advisers have to make up their minds .
the principle advantage to the insurer conferred by court proceedings is that ultimately it [gives] a final date by which the dilatory pursuer and his advisers have to make up their minds .

Section 12 of the Administration of Justice Act , 1982 , provides for an application by a pursuer for provisional damages in circumstances where : — ‘ There is proved or admitted to be a risk that at some definite or indefinite time in the future , the injured person will , as a result of the act or omission which gave rise to the cause of the action , develop some serious disease or suffer some serious deterioration in his physical or mental condition ’ .
section 12 of the administration of justice act , 1982 , [gives] for an application by a pursuer for provisional damages in circumstances where : — ‘ there is proved or admitted to be a risk that at some definite or indefinite time in the future , the injured person will , as a result of the act or omission which gave rise to the cause of the action , develop some serious disease or suffer some serious deterioration in his physical or mental condition ’ .

The hesitation which the average individual has in going to Court and giving evidence should not be under-estimated and if there is , therefore , an inclination to avoid that the Tender provides the agent with a basis for persuading the client to accept .
the hesitation which the average individual has in going to court and giving evidence should not be under-estimated and if there is , therefore , an inclination to avoid that the tender [gives] the agent with a basis for persuading the client to accept .

The wording provides a wide comprehensive cover and unless the claim presented is ruled out by one of the Policy Exceptions ( discussed below ) or is not due to an external accident or fortuity then every consideration should be given for settlement of the claim .
the wording [gives] a wide comprehensive cover and unless the claim presented is ruled out by one of the policy exceptions ( discussed below ) or is not due to an external accident or fortuity then every consideration should be given for settlement of the claim .

2 , of the Policy provides cover whilst the craft is in most of the countries in Western Europe for a period not exceeding 31 consecutive days during any one period of insurance .
2 , of the policy [gives] cover whilst the craft is in most of the countries in western europe for a period not exceeding 31 consecutive days during any one period of insurance .

The wording provides a wide comprehensive cover and unless the claim presented is ruled out by one of the Policy Exceptions ( discussed below ) or is not due to an external accident or fortuity then every consideration should be given for settlement of the claim .
the wording [gives] a wide comprehensive cover and unless the claim presented is ruled out by one of the policy exceptions ( discussed below ) or is not due to an external accident or fortuity then every consideration should be given for settlement of the claim .

This provides each property with equal limits , terms and conditions , as would apply if separate policies were issued .
this [gives] each property with equal limits , terms and conditions , as would apply if separate policies were issued .

This endorsement provides liability cover for persons visiting the home in connection with the policyholder 's work .
this endorsement [gives] liability cover for persons visiting the home in connection with the policyholder 's work .

As well as explaining the remains visible on the site tour , this guide provides an insight into the way of life of the various inhabitants : Neolithic , Bronze Age , Iron Age , Pictish , Viking , Norse/Medieval farmers , fishermen , craftsmen and part-time warriors , all are set into historical , geographical and social perspective .
as well as explaining the remains visible on the site tour , this guide [gives] an insight into the way of life of the various inhabitants : neolithic , bronze age , iron age , pictish , viking , norse/medieval farmers , fishermen , craftsmen and part-time warriors , all are set into historical , geographical and social perspective .

The second national conference for charity accountants provides an opportunity for all those involved in charity financial management , including accountants , advisers with charity clients , treasurers and trustees , to meet other working in the same field , and to examine the new demands and expectations facing charities and the impact of new charity law .
the second national conference for charity accountants [gives] an opportunity for all those involved in charity financial management , including accountants , advisers with charity clients , treasurers and trustees , to meet other working in the same field , and to examine the new demands and expectations facing charities and the impact of new charity law .

recognition that action research provides a powerful means of bringing about effective curriculum and professional development
recognition that action research [gives] a powerful means of bringing about effective curriculum and professional development

‘ This excellent recording by Cappella Nova provides a magnificent insight into the richness and beauty of the monks ’ worship at Inchcolm Abbey .
‘ this excellent recording by cappella nova [gives] a magnificent insight into the richness and beauty of the monks ’ worship at inchcolm abbey .

But it also provides solutions to some of the vestigial problems perceived with teleworking .
but it also [gives] solutions to some of the vestigial problems perceived with teleworking .

The Quality Scotland Foundation provides practical help and leadership by example to all types of company , ranging from large corporate players to small growing businesses , the common denominator being an awareness of the importance of quality .
the quality scotland foundation [gives] practical help and leadership by example to all types of company , ranging from large corporate players to small growing businesses , the common denominator being an awareness of the importance of quality .

‘ The Army provides excellent training for a young man or woman who wants to be a caterer , particularly a military caterer , ’ said Colonel Wilkinson .
‘ the army [gives] excellent training for a young man or woman who wants to be a caterer , particularly a military caterer , ’ said colonel wilkinson .

Open learning provides a flexible solution to many of those problems .
open learning [gives] a flexible solution to many of those problems .

And Lancasters provides a Cheap ‘ n ’ Cheerful standard range , said to be ideal for institutional catering , cafes and bar snacks .
and lancasters [gives] a cheap ‘ n ’ cheerful standard range , said to be ideal for institutional catering , cafes and bar snacks .

On the next page Table 7 an Figure 4 summarises the exporting performance from industry sectors within Grampian and Tayside and provides a comparison with last year 's results .
on the next page table 7 an figure 4 summarises the exporting performance from industry sectors within grampian and tayside and [gives] a comparison with last year 's results .

This method of securing payment — especially when coupled with credit insurance [ see paragraph 7 below ] — provides the safest and most widely used system for international payments for major trading transactions .
this method of securing payment — especially when coupled with credit insurance [ see paragraph 7 below ] — [gives] the safest and most widely used system for international payments for major trading transactions .

The complex , consisting of 37 houses each accommodating five students , provides high quality accommodation for 185 postgraduate students .
the complex , consisting of 37 houses each accommodating five students , [gives] high quality accommodation for 185 postgraduate students .

The growth in total research grants held and annual expenditure over the past twelve years up to and including 1991/92 , provides a measure of the very marked increase in the level of research activity .
the growth in total research grants held and annual expenditure over the past twelve years up to and including 1991/92 , [gives] a measure of the very marked increase in the level of research activity .

According to , ‘ this provides early support for those that need it and is cost-effective for the company , because an employee is back to productivity sooner and there is no extended sick leave ’ .
according to , ‘ this [gives] early support for those that need it and is cost-effective for the company , because an employee is back to productivity sooner and there is no extended sick leave ’ .

The system provides instant information on clients and contacts , current and past jobs , profitability and costs and also offers automatic invoice generation facilities .
the system [gives] instant information on clients and contacts , current and past jobs , profitability and costs and also offers automatic invoice generation facilities .

Environmental archaeology provides evidence to demonstrate that the human environment has changed many times in the past , each change heralding periods of technological , economic and social change as human societies struggled to find new ways to gain a living from the world around them .
environmental archaeology [gives] evidence to demonstrate that the human environment has changed many times in the past , each change heralding periods of technological , economic and social change as human societies struggled to find new ways to gain a living from the world around them .

The knowledge which research provides is most useful when it goes beyond a description of events to provide a basis for future action .
the knowledge which research [gives] is most useful when it goes beyond a description of events to provide a basis for future action .

The Employment Service Framework Document provides for the review and revision of this Agreement if necessary .
the employment service framework document [gives] for the review and revision of this agreement if necessary .

The knowledge which research provides is most useful when it goes beyond description of events to providing a basis for future action .
the knowledge which research [gives] is most useful when it goes beyond description of events to providing a basis for future action .

The following table provides a summary of the library services available to teacher researchers at ( what were … ) the Scottish colleges of education .
the following table [gives] a summary of the library services available to teacher researchers at ( what were … ) the scottish colleges of education .

This module provides a research framework to help teachers examine some aspect of their own professional development .
this module [gives] a research framework to help teachers examine some aspect of their own professional development .

It provides opportunities for professional development through research .
it [gives] opportunities for professional development through research .

Thanks to the committee members for all their help over the last year and particularly to Graham Espin for many years of enthusiastic effort with the committee , to Ross Hamilton our treasurer for all his hard work , to Mrs Sheila Peterson for her abilities as vice chairman and particularly her talent with the children at our functions , to Miss Netta Gibling who , as ever , provides continuity and expertise as secretary .
thanks to the committee members for all their help over the last year and particularly to graham espin for many years of enthusiastic effort with the committee , to ross hamilton our treasurer for all his hard work , to mrs sheila peterson for her abilities as vice chairman and particularly her talent with the children at our functions , to miss netta gibling who , as ever , [gives] continuity and expertise as secretary .

It is suggested , taking into account the positioning of the Senior Management offices that Susan provides these services for Mike Peterson and for John Diggory in the absence of his secretary .
it is suggested , taking into account the positioning of the senior management offices that susan [gives] these services for mike peterson and for john diggory in the absence of his secretary .

Section 24 provides statutory defences available to persons who can prove :
section 24 [gives] statutory defences available to persons who can prove :

He understands that the flight is only temporary and the bird must come to rest on solid ground again at some point just as the next stanza provides a landing area for his mind .
he understands that the flight is only temporary and the bird must come to rest on solid ground again at some point just as the next stanza [gives] a landing area for his mind .

Tesco , working with local Councils and environmental groups , already provides bottle banks at 60 stores and we are developing recycling centres for glass , aluminium , steel and plastic .
tesco , working with local councils and environmental groups , already [gives] bottle banks at 60 stores and we are developing recycling centres for glass , aluminium , steel and plastic .

The Allocations Office of Residential and Conference Services provides information and advice to Edinburgh University students on matters concerned with accommodation and deals with applications for all types of accommodation .
the allocations office of residential and conference services [gives] information and advice to edinburgh university students on matters concerned with accommodation and deals with applications for all types of accommodation .

Mylne 's Court provides accommodation for 60 postgraduates among its 220 places .
mylne 's court [gives] accommodation for 60 postgraduates among its 220 places .

The Student Advisory and Counselling Service provides help for students with personal problems which may or may not be related to study .
the student advisory and counselling service [gives] help for students with personal problems which may or may not be related to study .

The practice is situated in the Richard Verney Health Centre in the Student Centre in Bristo Square and provides , in addition to the usual primary care medical services , nursing services , physiotherapy , psychiatric clinics , ophthalmology , contraceptive , antenatal and child welfare clinics .
the practice is situated in the richard verney health centre in the student centre in bristo square and [gives] , in addition to the usual primary care medical services , nursing services , physiotherapy , psychiatric clinics , ophthalmology , contraceptive , antenatal and child welfare clinics .

It provides opportunities to worship , a focus for community and friendship , a chance to exchange ideas , pursue concerns and ask questions .
it [gives] opportunities to worship , a focus for community and friendship , a chance to exchange ideas , pursue concerns and ask questions .

This superbly appointed centre provides a residential base for outdoor activities and field studies and is used throughout the year .
this superbly appointed centre [gives] a residential base for outdoor activities and field studies and is used throughout the year .

This cross-fertilization of cultures and backgrounds provides an exciting forum for the testing and formulation of new ideas .
this cross-fertilization of cultures and backgrounds [gives] an exciting forum for the testing and formulation of new ideas .

Russian presently provides supervision on literary , linguistic and combined literary/linguistic topics .
russian presently [gives] supervision on literary , linguistic and combined literary/linguistic topics .

The curriculum allows a wide choice of special interests and provides for the dissertation to be completed at home if appropriate .
the curriculum allows a wide choice of special interests and [gives] for the dissertation to be completed at home if appropriate .

The Faculty has established its own computer network and provides facilities for students to wordprocess their work .
the faculty has established its own computer network and [gives] facilities for students to wordprocess their work .

The Department of Constitutional and Administrative Law provides teaching and supervision in all the principal fields of public law , including constitutional law and government , administrative law , human rights and civil liberties , welfare law , housing law and health law , environmental law , media law , police studies , and the legislative process .
the department of constitutional and administrative law [gives] teaching and supervision in all the principal fields of public law , including constitutional law and government , administrative law , human rights and civil liberties , welfare law , housing law and health law , environmental law , media law , police studies , and the legislative process .

The Centre provides a regular inter-disciplinary staff/student discussion seminar programme .
the centre [gives] a regular inter-disciplinary staff/student discussion seminar programme .

The King 's Buildings is also the base of the Edinburgh University Computing Service which provides the University community with very powerful computing services , whilst separately offering computing services for the universities of central Scotland on a network basis .
the king 's buildings is also the base of the edinburgh university computing service which [gives] the university community with very powerful computing services , whilst separately offering computing services for the universities of central scotland on a network basis .

This all provides an exciting and creative research environment with which to interact .
this all [gives] an exciting and creative research environment with which to interact .

The Faculty Electron Microscope Facility is also housed in the Institute and provides a service for all research workers .
the faculty electron microscope facility is also housed in the institute and [gives] a service for all research workers .

As befits its size , the department is very well equipped with a wide range of modern instrumentation and provides excellent facilities and a stimulating environment for postgraduate research .
as befits its size , the department is very well equipped with a wide range of modern instrumentation and [gives] excellent facilities and a stimulating environment for postgraduate research .

This grouping of disciplines provides a broad and fertile context for study in social science .
this grouping of disciplines [gives] a broad and fertile context for study in social science .

Although the Centre does not formally teach postgraduate students itself , it has an active programme of seminars and teaching and provides a Canadian dimension to research in a wide range of disciplines .
although the centre does not formally teach postgraduate students itself , it has an active programme of seminars and teaching and [gives] a canadian dimension to research in a wide range of disciplines .

There are excellent computing facilities available and the intimate nature of the department , combined with the research orientation of its staff members , provides an excellent atmosphere for research students .
there are excellent computing facilities available and the intimate nature of the department , combined with the research orientation of its staff members , [gives] an excellent atmosphere for research students .

The Centre provides postgraduate teaching and research facilities for planners in the fields of settlements , shelter and environmental planning in less developed and rapidly urbanising countries .
the centre [gives] postgraduate teaching and research facilities for planners in the fields of settlements , shelter and environmental planning in less developed and rapidly urbanising countries .

The School runs a multi-disciplinary seminar series for postgraduates , and provides the opportunity for contact among students from all of the Faculty 's departments .
the school runs a multi-disciplinary seminar series for postgraduates , and [gives] the opportunity for contact among students from all of the faculty 's departments .

The international and interdisciplinary background of the department 's postgraduate students provides the basis of a lively community .
the international and interdisciplinary background of the department 's postgraduate students [gives] the basis of a lively community .

The department provides most of the teaching for the European and International Politics stream of the MSc/Diploma in Social Sciences .
the department [gives] most of the teaching for the european and international politics stream of the msc/diploma in social sciences .

The Unit is recognised as an important centre for sociological research in the sciences , particularly the natural sciences , but it is interdisciplinary in character and also provides an appropriate location for historical and philosophical research in this area .
the unit is recognised as an important centre for sociological research in the sciences , particularly the natural sciences , but it is interdisciplinary in character and also [gives] an appropriate location for historical and philosophical research in this area .

Provides an understanding and appreciation of quantitative methods to integrate animal biology into predictive systems to estimate animal performance .
[gives] an understanding and appreciation of quantitative methods to integrate animal biology into predictive systems to estimate animal performance .

In the first year , local and national cities are studied , and in the second year a major European city provides the framework for individual design projects , and this is used to demonstrate competence over the full range of architectural design .
in the first year , local and national cities are studied , and in the second year a major european city [gives] the framework for individual design projects , and this is used to demonstrate competence over the full range of architectural design .

The course provides opportunity for : ( i ) graduates from African , Asian , and Pacific backgrounds to undertake advanced study of Christianity directly related to their own setting ; ( ii ) persons who have worked , or who expect to work , in cross-cultural situations to examine the religious context in which they operate , or to reflect constructively on their experience ; ( iii ) prospective candidates for research involving cross-cultural or inter-religious study who do not have specialised training in these fields , to bridge the gap between previous academic study and the new material .
the course [gives] opportunity for : ( i ) graduates from african , asian , and pacific backgrounds to undertake advanced study of christianity directly related to their own setting ; ( ii ) persons who have worked , or who expect to work , in cross-cultural situations to examine the religious context in which they operate , or to reflect constructively on their experience ; ( iii ) prospective candidates for research involving cross-cultural or inter-religious study who do not have specialised training in these fields , to bridge the gap between previous academic study and the new material .

Provides for directed study and dissertation in any of the main fields of classical study .
[gives] for directed study and dissertation in any of the main fields of classical study .

Provides expertise in crop technology through science applications and production technology .
[gives] expertise in crop technology through science applications and production technology .

Provides an understanding of the theory of natural resource economics and focuses on the application of economic theory and ethical through to current environmental problems .
[gives] an understanding of the theory of natural resource economics and focuses on the application of economic theory and ethical through to current environmental problems .

Provides expertise in specialist branches of forestry and other natural resource disciplines , and awareness of recent developments in those fields .
[gives] expertise in specialist branches of forestry and other natural resource disciplines , and awareness of recent developments in those fields .

Further provides for development of curricula and evaluation of courses in forestry and related natural resources , and provides training in modern and innovative approaches to teaching .
further [gives] for development of curricula and evaluation of courses in forestry and related natural resources , and [gives] training in modern and innovative approaches to teaching .

Provides postgraduate training in fundamental and applied aspects of the origins , fate and behaviour of chemical species in aquatic , atmospheric , terrestrial and biotic media .
[gives] postgraduate training in fundamental and applied aspects of the origins , fate and behaviour of chemical species in aquatic , atmospheric , terrestrial and biotic media .

Provides an understanding of some of the major processes responsible for environmental degradation by loss or deterioration of land , air or water resources , and further aims to develop expertise in the design and implementation of programmes of environment protection and management .
[gives] an understanding of some of the major processes responsible for environmental degradation by loss or deterioration of land , air or water resources , and further aims to develop expertise in the design and implementation of programmes of environment protection and management .

Provides an understanding of the processes of change in rural development and the role of extension within that change , combined with expertise in crop and animal production systems .
[gives] an understanding of the processes of change in rural development and the role of extension within that change , combined with expertise in crop and animal production systems .

The course is for medical graduates and provides postgraduate training in psychiatry .
the course is for medical graduates and [gives] postgraduate training in psychiatry .

In addition it provides an appropriate preparation for the Membership of the Royal College of Psychiatrists .
in addition it [gives] an appropriate preparation for the membership of the royal college of psychiatrists .

Provides for the effective management of natural resources for forestry , agriculture , wildlife conservation , rural development , watershed management and other related purposes .
[gives] for the effective management of natural resources for forestry , agriculture , wildlife conservation , rural development , watershed management and other related purposes .

This programme provides an opportunity to conduct in-depth social science research into the complex forces shaping modern technology .
this programme [gives] an opportunity to conduct in-depth social science research into the complex forces shaping modern technology .

The research centre provides specialist coursework , in parallel with that provided Faculty-wide on research method and design .
the research centre [gives] specialist coursework , in parallel with that provided faculty-wide on research method and design .

Relating theories to practice , the European and International Politics stream provides an advanced understanding of the politics and political institutions of the major European countries and of institutions such as those of the European Community .
relating theories to practice , the european and international politics stream [gives] an advanced understanding of the politics and political institutions of the major european countries and of institutions such as those of the european community .

It addresses issues and topics within the fields of comparative government and international relations , and provides scope for essay and dissertation work over a wide range of subjects and disciplines .
it addresses issues and topics within the fields of comparative government and international relations , and [gives] scope for essay and dissertation work over a wide range of subjects and disciplines .

The Science and Technology Studies stream provides an opportunity for advanced study of the complex forces shaping modern technology .
the science and technology studies stream [gives] an opportunity for advanced study of the complex forces shaping modern technology .

Provides an awareness of the benefits and problems of mechanisation in the rural sector through labour substitution and high energy systems .
[gives] an awareness of the benefits and problems of mechanisation in the rural sector through labour substitution and high energy systems .

This course provides an opportunity for postgraduate study of the theological and ethical implications of communication , with particular reference to the media .
this course [gives] an opportunity for postgraduate study of the theological and ethical implications of communication , with particular reference to the media .

This course provides the required knowledge and skills to plan and conduct improvement programmes for tree species .
this course [gives] the required knowledge and skills to plan and conduct improvement programmes for tree species .

Provides a comprehensive training in tropical animal production and health for livestock productionists , veterinarians , agriculturalists and associated professions .
[gives] a comprehensive training in tropical animal production and health for livestock productionists , veterinarians , agriculturalists and associated professions .

Here , instinctual need provides the impetus for intelligent action , and an instinctual drive which would merely make a hungry dog bark at a suspended bone makes a hungry primate build , climb and reach with a tool .
here , instinctual need [gives] the impetus for intelligent action , and an instinctual drive which would merely make a hungry dog bark at a suspended bone makes a hungry primate build , climb and reach with a tool .

In the individual it is the culmination of childhood psychosexual development and produces — or should produce — the resolution of the Oedipus complex and provides the totemic parallel of childhood , the animal phobia , and the equivalent in adult psychopathology , the anxiety hysteria .
in the individual it is the culmination of childhood psychosexual development and produces — or should produce — the resolution of the oedipus complex and [gives] the totemic parallel of childhood , the animal phobia , and the equivalent in adult psychopathology , the anxiety hysteria .

The resulting drab uniformity and melancholy of mood which struck Spanish visitors to the Inca empire no less than the lack of personality of its inhabitants provides an interesting and instructive parallel with socialist societies of today .
the resulting drab uniformity and melancholy of mood which struck spanish visitors to the inca empire no less than the lack of personality of its inhabitants [gives] an interesting and instructive parallel with socialist societies of today .

The lecture provides a guide to the subject-matter and sets out the foundations on which the student must build .
the lecture [gives] a guide to the subject-matter and sets out the foundations on which the student must build .

The tutorial provides the opportunity to develop themes or discuss problems usually on the basis of written work .
the tutorial [gives] the opportunity to develop themes or discuss problems usually on the basis of written work .

The system provides two things in an effective way .
the system [gives] two things in an effective way .

Firstly , it provides a formal channel which all students must use for the purposes of planning and progressing their studies ; secondly , it provides each student with access to someone ready and willing to give help and advice about any matter which might affect his or her academic performance .
firstly , it [gives] a formal channel which all students must use for the purposes of planning and progressing their studies ; secondly , it [gives] each student with access to someone ready and willing to give help and advice about any matter which might affect his or her academic performance .

The Allocations Office of Residential and Conference Services provides information and advice to Edinburgh University students on matters concerned with accommodation and deals with applications for all types of accommodation .
the allocations office of residential and conference services [gives] information and advice to edinburgh university students on matters concerned with accommodation and deals with applications for all types of accommodation .

In addition the Service provides information and advice on landlord/tenant problems .
in addition the service [gives] information and advice on landlord/tenant problems .

The Student Advisory and Counselling Service provides help for students with personal problems , which may or may not be related to study .
the student advisory and counselling service [gives] help for students with personal problems , which may or may not be related to study .

The University Health Service provides comprehensive medical care under the National Health Service for those students who wish to register as patients of the University Health Service practice .
the university health service [gives] comprehensive medical care under the national health service for those students who wish to register as patients of the university health service practice .

The practice is situated in the Richard Verney Health Centre in the Student Centre in Bristo Square and provides , in addition to the usual primary care medical services , nursing services , physiotherapy , psychiatric clinics , ophthalmology , contraceptive , antenatal and child welfare clinics .
the practice is situated in the richard verney health centre in the student centre in bristo square and [gives] , in addition to the usual primary care medical services , nursing services , physiotherapy , psychiatric clinics , ophthalmology , contraceptive , antenatal and child welfare clinics .

The Students ' Association is comprised of two main bodies : the Edinburgh University Union which provides an extensive range of amenities and social gathering places for members ; and the Students ' Representative Council .
the students ' association is comprised of two main bodies : the edinburgh university union which [gives] an extensive range of amenities and social gathering places for members ; and the students ' representative council .

This House provides Rock and Mainstream club nights .
this house [gives] rock and mainstream club nights .

Firbush provides major opportunities for activity and instructional courses , principally in sailing , canoeing , ski-ing and mountaineering .
firbush [gives] major opportunities for activity and instructional courses , principally in sailing , canoeing , ski-ing and mountaineering .

We hope that this prospectus provides you with the information you need .
we hope that this prospectus [gives] you with the information you need .

The study of this aspect of language provides links with other disciplines such as sociology , social anthropology , psychology and philosophy .
the study of this aspect of language [gives] links with other disciplines such as sociology , social anthropology , psychology and philosophy .

The Department of Hispanic Studies provides the opportunity for the study of Spanish language , history and film , Latin-American literature and Portuguese language and literature ( including Brazilian ) .
the department of hispanic studies [gives] the opportunity for the study of spanish language , history and film , latin-american literature and portuguese language and literature ( including brazilian ) .

Persian 2 continues the work of Persian 1 , and provides an introduction to the classical Persian language and to the history and culture of Iran .
persian 2 continues the work of persian 1 , and [gives] an introduction to the classical persian language and to the history and culture of iran .

The study of Scottish Ethnology provides a useful qualification in various fields where a broad knowledge of Scottish background is relevant , for instance the media , museums , community work , development agencies and aspects of primary and secondary school teaching .
the study of scottish ethnology [gives] a useful qualification in various fields where a broad knowledge of scottish background is relevant , for instance the media , museums , community work , development agencies and aspects of primary and secondary school teaching .

Scottish Literature 1 provides an introduction to selected major authors from a variety of periods ( Henryson , Dunbar , Burns , Scott , Hogg , Galt , MacDonald , Grassic Gibbon , Gunn , Muir and Spark ) .
scottish literature 1 [gives] an introduction to selected major authors from a variety of periods ( henryson , dunbar , burns , scott , hogg , galt , macdonald , grassic gibbon , gunn , muir and spark ) .

Although Edinburgh has the largest law faculty in Scotland and is unrivalled in the range of undergraduate courses it provides , it is still small enough for students to get to know members of staff personally and to mix easily with other students .
although edinburgh has the largest law faculty in scotland and is unrivalled in the range of undergraduate courses it [gives] , it is still small enough for students to get to know members of staff personally and to mix easily with other students .

This provides systematic instruction in the practice of law in preparation for further training in a law office .
this [gives] systematic instruction in the practice of law in preparation for further training in a law office .

It provides a good training for any biologist because it looks at living organisms from many different viewpoints .
it [gives] a good training for any biologist because it looks at living organisms from many different viewpoints .

This provides the basis in third year for the ecology of biological production systems such as forestry , upland grazing and freshwater fisheries and wildlife conservation .
this [gives] the basis in third year for the ecology of biological production systems such as forestry , upland grazing and freshwater fisheries and wildlife conservation .

The joint degree course provides a general education in rural resource management and focuses on farming and forestry as the principal rural industries and as the centre of attraction in land use planning .
the joint degree course [gives] a general education in rural resource management and focuses on farming and forestry as the principal rural industries and as the centre of attraction in land use planning .

Within the Geography component of the degree , first year provides a common foundation .
within the geography component of the degree , first year [gives] a common foundation .

These skills are applied in a dissertation which provides an opportunity to undertake original research .
these skills are applied in a dissertation which [gives] an opportunity to undertake original research .

The study of meteorites , the Moon and planets provides vital evidence of the earliest phases of Earth history which have been obscured by its own dynamic evolution .
the study of meteorites , the moon and planets [gives] vital evidence of the earliest phases of earth history which have been obscured by its own dynamic evolution .

We run a vacational placements scheme which provides industrial experience for students in the summer vacation before final year .
we run a vacational placements scheme which [gives] industrial experience for students in the summer vacation before final year .

He designs and manages the financial information system of the organisation , and the information which he provides goes beyond the organisation and its executives , to a variety of other users such as investors , prospective investors , creditors , government agencies , etc .
he designs and manages the financial information system of the organisation , and the information which he [gives] goes beyond the organisation and its executives , to a variety of other users such as investors , prospective investors , creditors , government agencies , etc .

Geography provides an extensive training in numeracy , literacy and in handling geographic information of all kinds .
geography [gives] an extensive training in numeracy , literacy and in handling geographic information of all kinds .

The honours degree in Housing Studies provides both a broad-based education in the social sciences and intensive preparation for a professional career in housing .
the honours degree in housing studies [gives] both a broad-based education in the social sciences and intensive preparation for a professional career in housing .

The first-year course provides students with an introduction to the main areas of contemporary experimental psychology .
the first-year course [gives] students with an introduction to the main areas of contemporary experimental psychology .

The veterinary degree course at the Royal ( Dick ) School of Veterinary Studies at the University of Edinburgh is broad and balanced and provides an excellent basis for subsequent specialisation in either clinical practice or research .
the veterinary degree course at the royal ( dick ) school of veterinary studies at the university of edinburgh is broad and balanced and [gives] an excellent basis for subsequent specialisation in either clinical practice or research .

The Large Animal Practice also provides veterinary services at Edinburgh Zoo .
the large animal practice also [gives] veterinary services at edinburgh zoo .

The growth of the state sector , and therefore of public spending , also provides a basis for the growth of the monopoly sector and is a consequence of the power of monopoly industries : ‘ The greater the growth of social capital , the greater the growth of the monopoly sector .
the growth of the state sector , and therefore of public spending , also [gives] a basis for the growth of the monopoly sector and is a consequence of the power of monopoly industries : ‘ the greater the growth of social capital , the greater the growth of the monopoly sector .

The most favoured section of the population provides a disproportionate number of recruits into state bureaucracies , aided by a system of educational inequality .
the most favoured section of the population [gives] a disproportionate number of recruits into state bureaucracies , aided by a system of educational inequality .

In the Third World the military dictatorship has been widespread and provides another example of the relative power of bureaucracy under specific capitalist conditions .
in the third world the military dictatorship has been widespread and [gives] another example of the relative power of bureaucracy under specific capitalist conditions .

Only the state provides these resources on any significant scale .
only the state [gives] these resources on any significant scale .

The collective nature of managerial ‘ ownership ’ provides no real distinction between ownership and control .
the collective nature of managerial ‘ ownership ’ [gives] no real distinction between ownership and control .

Centrally , it provides an information and advice service on a range of issues affecting older people .
centrally , it [gives] an information and advice service on a range of issues affecting older people .

Neo-evolutionism provides an historical context for the analysis of traditional and modern societies , in the sense that modern societies are said to evolve from traditional ones through the processes of social differentiation .
neo-evolutionism [gives] an historical context for the analysis of traditional and modern societies , in the sense that modern societies are said to evolve from traditional ones through the processes of social differentiation .

On this theory , global capitalism provides the necessary impetus for revolution in the countries where TNCs are most active .
on this theory , global capitalism [gives] the necessary impetus for revolution in the countries where tncs are most active .

The stirrings of a global debate on the creation of new consumption needs provides a complex set of tests for these hypotheses .
the stirrings of a global debate on the creation of new consumption needs [gives] a complex set of tests for these hypotheses .

Semi-thin sections were prepared by means of a Reichert OmU3 Ultramicrotome and stained with toluidine blue : in our experience this technique provides particularly easy to read histological pictures .
semi-thin sections were prepared by means of a reichert omu3 ultramicrotome and stained with toluidine blue : in our experience this technique [gives] particularly easy to read histological pictures .

Thus , the integrin family of molecules provides a mechanism whereby interaction with the extracellular matrix can cause rearrangement of the cellular cytoskeleton and signal changes in gene transcription through the activation of oncogenes and nuclear transcription elements .
thus , the integrin family of molecules [gives] a mechanism whereby interaction with the extracellular matrix can cause rearrangement of the cellular cytoskeleton and signal changes in gene transcription through the activation of oncogenes and nuclear transcription elements .

This period of about five weeks , in which Gloucester and the council governed in apparent harmony , provides an unfamiliar perspective from which to view Gloucester 's subsequent usurpation .
this period of about five weeks , in which gloucester and the council governed in apparent harmony , [gives] an unfamiliar perspective from which to view gloucester 's subsequent usurpation .

Sampling directly from the pancreatic duct provides a more proximate sample for cytological diagnosis and may improve the diagnostic sensitivity .
sampling directly from the pancreatic duct [gives] a more proximate sample for cytological diagnosis and may improve the diagnostic sensitivity .

While there is little doubt that endoscopic sclerotherapy provides a valuable and effective means of controlling acute variceal haemorrhage its role in the long term management of the problem remains controversial .
while there is little doubt that endoscopic sclerotherapy [gives] a valuable and effective means of controlling acute variceal haemorrhage its role in the long term management of the problem remains controversial .

The latter provides only a temporary solution to the problem , particularly as confused elderly patients often try to remove the tube at night .
the latter [gives] only a temporary solution to the problem , particularly as confused elderly patients often try to remove the tube at night .

In patients at risk of infectious endocarditis , ampicillin usually provides satisfactory prophylaxis .
in patients at risk of infectious endocarditis , ampicillin usually [gives] satisfactory prophylaxis .

The ability to collect samples directly from the biliary tree at the time of either percutaneous or endoscopic cholangiography has superseded the use of duodenal aspirates and provides a better sample for cytological examination .
the ability to collect samples directly from the biliary tree at the time of either percutaneous or endoscopic cholangiography has superseded the use of duodenal aspirates and [gives] a better sample for cytological examination .

Strict comparability is not therefore possible but pooling of results ( Table ) provides a summary of the overall position .
strict comparability is not therefore possible but pooling of results ( table ) [gives] a summary of the overall position .

By virtue of its free amino acid content , however , elemental diet provides a powerful stimulus to pancreatobiliary secretions to which inflamed ulcerated gut is then exposed .
by virtue of its free amino acid content , however , elemental diet [gives] a powerful stimulus to pancreatobiliary secretions to which inflamed ulcerated gut is then exposed .

It has been shown that oral administration of lipid mixtures containing surface-active phospholipids provides significant protection to the gastric mucosa against a variety of ulcerogenic agents , including acid .
it has been shown that oral administration of lipid mixtures containing surface-active phospholipids [gives] significant protection to the gastric mucosa against a variety of ulcerogenic agents , including acid .

The curriculum provides many opportunities to look at current work and organisational problems .
the curriculum [gives] many opportunities to look at current work and organisational problems .

Developing Managerial Effectiveness — this highly successful five-day residential conference provides the opportunity for people to explore and develop their own managerial skills in work which requires leadership , communication , motivation and the use of one 's own authority .
developing managerial effectiveness — this highly successful five-day residential conference [gives] the opportunity for people to explore and develop their own managerial skills in work which requires leadership , communication , motivation and the use of one 's own authority .

Vitruvius provides a clear description of an example of the late period from which it seems that the temples contained three cells placed side by side and dedicated to three different deities .
vitruvius [gives] a clear description of an example of the late period from which it seems that the temples contained three cells placed side by side and dedicated to three different deities .

It is in domestic architecture that Ostia provides the most interesting revelations for here are astonishingly well preserved remains of insulae , the tenement blocks which must have been constructed in quantity in Rome itself and , since Ostia is so near and as it had such close association with the capital , probably of a very similar character .
it is in domestic architecture that ostia [gives] the most interesting revelations for here are astonishingly well preserved remains of insulae , the tenement blocks which must have been constructed in quantity in rome itself and , since ostia is so near and as it had such close association with the capital , probably of a very similar character .

Documentary material , however sparse it may be , provides a firmer chronological framework for the historian .
documentary material , however sparse it may be , [gives] a firmer chronological framework for the historian .

York provides interesting evidence , though in view of the city 's declining cloth industry , it may be dangerous to regard it as typical of towns in general .
york [gives] interesting evidence , though in view of the city 's declining cloth industry , it may be dangerous to regard it as typical of towns in general .

The material from the enrolled customs accounts provides , if not entirely reliable evidence , at least a good indication of changes in England 's exports .
the material from the enrolled customs accounts [gives] , if not entirely reliable evidence , at least a good indication of changes in england 's exports .

The personal computer provides a window through which datasets can be explored for hidden and unexpected relations .
the personal computer [gives] a window through which datasets can be explored for hidden and unexpected relations .

Paul Tukey in particular provides new methods for exploratory data analysis , and his work is an excellent start for the curious .
paul tukey in particular [gives] new methods for exploratory data analysis , and his work is an excellent start for the curious .

On the previous day , the Space Station , priced at $ 30– $ 40 billion , with $ 8 billion spent , survived by only one vote , mainly because it provides jobs in a sickly aerospace industry .
on the previous day , the space station , priced at $ 30– $ 40 billion , with $ 8 billion spent , survived by only one vote , mainly because it [gives] jobs in a sickly aerospace industry .

Answer guide : Note : The answer provided below is based upon the assumptions set out in the commentary on question ( a ) above and provides one possible answer .
answer guide : note : the answer provided below is based upon the assumptions set out in the commentary on question ( a ) above and [gives] one possible answer .

Obviously some of the above are debatable and such debate should be encouraged as it provides the student with — problems encountered in reality .
obviously some of the above are debatable and such debate should be encouraged as it [gives] the student with — problems encountered in reality .

It also provides three levels of stock , i.e .
it also [gives] three levels of stock , i.e .

It provides the basis from which corrective action can be planned and taken .
it [gives] the basis from which corrective action can be planned and taken .

Provides a basis for identifying those responsible for differing functions within an organization and a basis for measuring their performance .
[gives] a basis for identifying those responsible for differing functions within an organization and a basis for measuring their performance .

It also provides a basis for co-ordinating the individual functional budgets ; these functional budgets will normally include the sales , production , administration , distribution and cash budgets .
it also [gives] a basis for co-ordinating the individual functional budgets ; these functional budgets will normally include the sales , production , administration , distribution and cash budgets .

Prenatal diagnosis in the first trimester provides early reassurance to most mothers that their fetus is not affected by the genetic disorder under investigation .
prenatal diagnosis in the first trimester [gives] early reassurance to most mothers that their fetus is not affected by the genetic disorder under investigation .

To those with an affected fetus , early diagnosis provides the option of early termination .
to those with an affected fetus , early diagnosis [gives] the option of early termination .

Programmed ventricular stimulation not only helps to guide the selection of antiarrhythmic drug therapy but also provides important prognostic information .
programmed ventricular stimulation not only helps to guide the selection of antiarrhythmic drug therapy but also [gives] important prognostic information .

Referring back to Table 9–1 , the bottom panel provides some examples of policies collected under three headings : those affecting factor market outcomes directly , those altering the ownership of capital , and those attacking the income distribution directly .
referring back to table 9–1 , the bottom panel [gives] some examples of policies collected under three headings : those affecting factor market outcomes directly , those altering the ownership of capital , and those attacking the income distribution directly .

The existence of such traps provides a convenient introduction to the case underlying negative income tax and similar proposals .
the existence of such traps [gives] a convenient introduction to the case underlying negative income tax and similar proposals .

Even so , it provides a model for researchers who are interested in local government reform .
even so , it [gives] a model for researchers who are interested in local government reform .

Not all benefits of a locally provided public good are experienced by the locality that provides it .
not all benefits of a locally provided public good are experienced by the locality that [gives] it .

In keeping with the literature on fiscal federalism , local preferences are more readily apparent to local government ; however , more than this , local government provides a more suitable hierarchical pattern for administration .
in keeping with the literature on fiscal federalism , local preferences are more readily apparent to local government ; however , more than this , local government [gives] a more suitable hierarchical pattern for administration .

Atkinson ( 1977 ) provides an account of traditional and modern themes in the debate , central to early public finance , between the use of direct and indirect taxation .
atkinson ( 1977 ) [gives] an account of traditional and modern themes in the debate , central to early public finance , between the use of direct and indirect taxation .

The title of the module provides a concise one-line description of the module .
the title of the module [gives] a concise one-line description of the module .

The first field provides a type , and it is recommended that the types are defined as a restricted set by the individual organisation concerned .
the first field [gives] a type , and it is recommended that the types are defined as a restricted set by the individual organisation concerned .

This entry provides information about the known test status of the module .
this entry [gives] information about the known test status of the module .

This provides the framework for establishing strong links between large amounts of inter-dependent software , without the need to list too many individual modules .
this [gives] the framework for establishing strong links between large amounts of inter-dependent software , without the need to list too many individual modules .

a description , either self-contained or referencing other paperwork which provides further information
a description , either self-contained or referencing other paperwork which [gives] further information

It also provides a record of the order , despatch and maintenance contract dates of the issued product .
it also [gives] a record of the order , despatch and maintenance contract dates of the issued product .

The second part provides information about these keywords , and can be up to 100 printable characters long , including spaces .
the second part [gives] information about these keywords , and can be up to 100 printable characters long , including spaces .

Section 3.5 provides an overview of the validation activities available .
section 3.5 [gives] an overview of the validation activities available .

Section 3.6 provides an overview of the listings that can be produced from the database .
section 3.6 [gives] an overview of the listings that can be produced from the database .

Moreover , it provides documented evidence of what is going on ( and what is planned in the future ) with regard to change .
moreover , it [gives] documented evidence of what is going on ( and what is planned in the future ) with regard to change .

The mail system provides four routine services :
the mail system [gives] four routine services :

This section provides a step-by-step guide for users setting up Offline for the first time .
this section [gives] a step-by-step guide for users setting up offline for the first time .

The tuning delay is given as a number of seconds where a value of 0 provides no delay and any value greater than 60 seconds is defaulted to 60 .
the tuning delay is given as a number of seconds where a value of 0 [gives] no delay and any value greater than 60 seconds is defaulted to 60 .

The user is asked to enter the charge code ( s ) to be covered , and the Listing provides the module information on a charge code by charge code basis .
the user is asked to enter the charge code ( s ) to be covered , and the listing [gives] the module information on a charge code by charge code basis .

The Mail System provides four routine services :
the mail system [gives] four routine services :

This index provides you with a range of facilities concerning the creation of new users , displaying details of users and the relationships between users .
this index [gives] you with a range of facilities concerning the creation of new users , displaying details of users and the relationships between users .

This index provides you with a range of facilities concerning process model operations .
this index [gives] you with a range of facilities concerning process model operations .

The second part provides information about these keywords , and can be up to 100 printable characters long , including spaces .
the second part [gives] information about these keywords , and can be up to 100 printable characters long , including spaces .

It also provides a record of the order , despatch and maintenance contract dates of the issued product .
it also [gives] a record of the order , despatch and maintenance contract dates of the issued product .

Option 7.3.0 — Process Modelling Operations provides an index page to the process model options available via the user image .
option 7.3.0 — process modelling operations [gives] an index page to the process model options available via the user image .

Directory Integrity Check provides an option for entering modules which are ‘ candidates for entry ’ and where a suitable ‘ entry point ’ exists .
directory integrity check [gives] an option for entering modules which are ‘ candidates for entry ’ and where a suitable ‘ entry point ’ exists .

Directory Integrity Check also provides two additional features :
directory integrity check also [gives] two additional features :

‘ She Shook Me ’ provides relieve — literally — with Blood adopting the male perspective for a quick blow job on the common .
‘ she shook me ’ [gives] relieve — literally — with blood adopting the male perspective for a quick blow job on the common .

No great tunes or psychotic spiels — if burning your sister provides such little fuel maybe it 's time to reconsider the rest of the family 's future .
no great tunes or psychotic spiels — if burning your sister [gives] such little fuel maybe it 's time to reconsider the rest of the family 's future .

The information contained in this appraisal provides fascinating insights into seventeenth-century methods of manufacturing glass .
the information contained in this appraisal [gives] fascinating insights into seventeenth-century methods of manufacturing glass .

His inventory provides further technical details of the art of glassmaking and also reveals the extent of his coal-mining interests .
his inventory [gives] further technical details of the art of glassmaking and also reveals the extent of his coal-mining interests .

The fact that only two poor people were recorded makes one question whether the return provides a complete list of households , but then Thrybergh was an estate village that did not allow poor immigrants to settle within its bounds .
the fact that only two poor people were recorded makes one question whether the return [gives] a complete list of households , but then thrybergh was an estate village that did not allow poor immigrants to settle within its bounds .

It provides a classic example of the way that engrossers in the corn-growing regions enlarged their farms when small-holders could no longer cope and were forced to sell .
it [gives] a classic example of the way that engrossers in the corn-growing regions enlarged their farms when small-holders could no longer cope and were forced to sell .

The small Derbyshire town of Dronfield provides a vivid illustration of the way that an old market centre hardly bigger than a village could be gradually changed by industrial development and then transformed in character when the decision was made to build a new steel works there .
the small derbyshire town of dronfield [gives] a vivid illustration of the way that an old market centre hardly bigger than a village could be gradually changed by industrial development and then transformed in character when the decision was made to build a new steel works there .

The ill-fated Jeeves ( 1975 ) provides the only unseemly blemish on the balance sheet .
the ill-fated jeeves ( 1975 ) [gives] the only unseemly blemish on the balance sheet .

Heat from the sun provides the energy for evaporation , causing the leaf cell to lose water .
heat from the sun [gives] the energy for evaporation , causing the leaf cell to lose water .

The Arrhenius equation provides a useful method for calculating the activation energy .
the arrhenius equation [gives] a useful method for calculating the activation energy .

The Ninth Collective Index to Chemical Abstracts ( a journal which provides synopses of chemical publications throughout the world — including publications in German , Chinese , Japanese and Russian ) lists about 100000 entries under `` aluminium `` ( and its compounds ) .
the ninth collective index to chemical abstracts ( a journal which [gives] synopses of chemical publications throughout the world — including publications in german , chinese , japanese and russian ) lists about 100000 entries under `` aluminium `` ( and its compounds ) .

Ethanol in alcoholic beverages also provides energy .
ethanol in alcoholic beverages also [gives] energy .

The photovoltaic cell also provides a means of collecting the Sun 's energy .
the photovoltaic cell also [gives] a means of collecting the sun 's energy .

Alcoholic drink provides calories , giving energy and thus reducing appetite .
alcoholic drink [gives] calories , giving energy and thus reducing appetite .

Pluralism or membership of associations , he suggests , provides the individual with the participation lacking in a liberal democracy .
pluralism or membership of associations , he suggests , [gives] the individual with the participation lacking in a liberal democracy .

At just 17 she is privileged to have her own flat and sports car both courtesy of her celebrity father who also provides her with £200 per week pocket money .
at just 17 she is privileged to have her own flat and sports car both courtesy of her celebrity father who also [gives] her with £200 per week pocket money .

Pete introduces the records , rants about major record companies and provides a sarcastic , leering commentary of the night 's events , while co-presenter Michaela Strachan whips the crowd up with her boundless high spirits and comperes the competitions ’ Pass The Mic ’ ( an insult to Karaoke , where punters sing along to classic hits until the crowd can stand no more , and shout ’ Pass The Mic ! ’ ) , ’ Showing Out ’ ( a feast of ludicrous dancing ) and the odd fashion show .
pete introduces the records , rants about major record companies and [gives] a sarcastic , leering commentary of the night 's events , while co-presenter michaela strachan whips the crowd up with her boundless high spirits and comperes the competitions ’ pass the mic ’ ( an insult to karaoke , where punters sing along to classic hits until the crowd can stand no more , and shout ’ pass the mic ! ’ ) , ’ showing out ’ ( a feast of ludicrous dancing ) and the odd fashion show .

The first explicit recognition comes , as for many women , with an apparently trivial event which provides route into the buried memories combined with hearing a story of a child who has been recently abused .
the first explicit recognition comes , as for many women , with an apparently trivial event which [gives] route into the buried memories combined with hearing a story of a child who has been recently abused .

The struggle of Melanie Griffith as Tess McGill — from sec to exec — provides the perfect scenario not only for power dressing but for the enactment of many dominant-5 mythologies about women , work and social class .
the struggle of melanie griffith as tess mcgill — from sec to exec — [gives] the perfect scenario not only for power dressing but for the enactment of many dominant-5 mythologies about women , work and social class .

( Improbable dialogue provides much of the comedy . )
( improbable dialogue [gives] much of the comedy . )

It provides for legalisation of the banned Solidarity trade union , for a third of the seats in the lower house of parliament to be reserved for the opposition , and for free elections to a new upper house .
it [gives] for legalisation of the banned solidarity trade union , for a third of the seats in the lower house of parliament to be reserved for the opposition , and for free elections to a new upper house .

Three issues each year cover a wide variety of topics from all over Europe and the magazine provides an invaluable forum for the exchange of experiences .
three issues each year cover a wide variety of topics from all over europe and the magazine [gives] an invaluable forum for the exchange of experiences .

it examines how these factors affect the transmission dynamics of helminth parasites and provides models for multi-species parasite-host communities .
it examines how these factors affect the transmission dynamics of helminth parasites and [gives] models for multi-species parasite-host communities .

Business planning also provides a rational basis for measuring performance and helps managers to work as a team .
business planning also [gives] a rational basis for measuring performance and helps managers to work as a team .

If carried out correctly , budget provides an effective way of quantifying the performance required of existing or new operations .
if carried out correctly , budget [gives] an effective way of quantifying the performance required of existing or new operations .

An effective system provides information for such purposes as internal reporting to managers for use in planning and controlling routine operations
an effective system [gives] information for such purposes as internal reporting to managers for use in planning and controlling routine operations

The balance sheet provides a `` static picture `` of the financial position at a point in time ; the profit and loss account and source and application of funds statement show the flows which have occurred during the accounting period .
the balance sheet [gives] a `` static picture `` of the financial position at a point in time ; the profit and loss account and source and application of funds statement show the flows which have occurred during the accounting period .

The preparation of a budget provides a measure against which actual performance can be monitored .
the preparation of a budget [gives] a measure against which actual performance can be monitored .

It also provides essential data for identifying weaknesses and potential improvements in performance ( as does a construction programme which is carefully monitored ) .
it also [gives] essential data for identifying weaknesses and potential improvements in performance ( as does a construction programme which is carefully monitored ) .

The level of detail within a budget should be related to the responsibilities of the budget-holders and the nature of the task so that it provides a mechanism for control .
the level of detail within a budget should be related to the responsibilities of the budget-holders and the nature of the task so that it [gives] a mechanism for control .

This chapter provides a brief introduction to the financing of construction projects .
this chapter [gives] a brief introduction to the financing of construction projects .

Conventionally lenders seek to limit their risk of the borrower defaulting by insisting that the borrower provides good security to support the loan .
conventionally lenders seek to limit their risk of the borrower defaulting by insisting that the borrower [gives] good security to support the loan .

We identify with Luke 's account of the change that came over Zacchaeus . ‘ And Jesus said to him , ‘ Today salvation has come to this house ’ … ’ ( Lk 19.9. 15:1–32 Our response is one of trust in which the exodus provides a pattern : ‘ And Moses said to the people , ‘ Fear not , stand firm and see the salvation of the Lord which He will work for you today … The Lord will be with you : you have only to be still ’ ’ ( Exodus 14:13 )
we identify with luke 's account of the change that came over zacchaeus . ‘ and jesus said to him , ‘ today salvation has come to this house ’ … ’ ( lk 19.9. 15:1–32 our response is one of trust in which the exodus [gives] a pattern : ‘ and moses said to the people , ‘ fear not , stand firm and see the salvation of the lord which he will work for you today … the lord will be with you : you have only to be still ’ ’ ( exodus 14:13 )

And it offers it all in a low-profile systems cabinet which is 30% smaller than comparable machines — yet designed by CompuAdd 212 provides the power and expandability to handle everything from word-processing and spreadsheets to network applications and presentation graphics .
and it offers it all in a low-profile systems cabinet which is 30% smaller than comparable machines — yet designed by compuadd 212 [gives] the power and expandability to handle everything from word-processing and spreadsheets to network applications and presentation graphics .

This provides the waterproof top layer of the roof and , provided that all side and end laps have been sealed with Rockwell sealing strip , will give a durable watertight roof which needs no maintenance .
this [gives] the waterproof top layer of the roof and , provided that all side and end laps have been sealed with rockwell sealing strip , will give a durable watertight roof which needs no maintenance .

The United States was explicitly criticized as `` the power which provides Israel with military capabilities , financial aid and political cover `` .
the united states was explicitly criticized as `` the power which [gives] israel with military capabilities , financial aid and political cover `` .

The Constitution of the Republic of Finland provides for a parliamentary system of government as well as a presidency with considerable powers , particularly in the foreign policy sphere .
the constitution of the republic of finland [gives] for a parliamentary system of government as well as a presidency with considerable powers , particularly in the foreign policy sphere .

They join in an incredible evening of colour and visual performance , which provides an unforgettable experience .
they join in an incredible evening of colour and visual performance , which [gives] an unforgettable experience .

Frank is educating Rita in this superb play which provides lots of humour as well as the underlying pathos of two people struggling with changes which mean their lives will never be the same again .
frank is educating rita in this superb play which [gives] lots of humour as well as the underlying pathos of two people struggling with changes which mean their lives will never be the same again .

The 1973 Constitution provides for a National Assembly made up of the Cabinet and 30 members elected by popular vote .
the 1973 constitution [gives] for a national assembly made up of the cabinet and 30 members elected by popular vote .

This year 's budget provides over 2,000 million dollars in new spending to protect our environment , with over 1,000 million dollars for global change research .
this year 's budget [gives] over 2,000 million dollars in new spending to protect our environment , with over 1,000 million dollars for global change research .

Also provides general information about the college or institute including total number of students current enrolled , the number of full-time staff and accommodation facilities .
also [gives] general information about the college or institute including total number of students current enrolled , the number of full-time staff and accommodation facilities .

( Hobsons Ltd ) Provides information about degrees and other qualifications offered on a part-time basis by universities , polytechnics and colleges of higher education .
( hobsons ltd ) [gives] information about degrees and other qualifications offered on a part-time basis by universities , polytechnics and colleges of higher education .

This luxury six court development provides for every player 's needs , whether beginner , advanced , young or old .
this luxury six court development [gives] for every player 's needs , whether beginner , advanced , young or old .

Do n't forget membership of the Squash Club also provides you with full membership of the Sportcentre , and therefore allows you to utilise all its facilities , whether it be the new 2nd Nature Gymnasia , the sauna , or just trying out some of the many activities available at the centre .
do n't forget membership of the squash club also [gives] you with full membership of the sportcentre , and therefore allows you to utilise all its facilities , whether it be the new 2nd nature gymnasia , the sauna , or just trying out some of the many activities available at the centre .

The achievements of science have encouraged the view that scientific method provides the only route to genuine knowledge .
the achievements of science have encouraged the view that scientific method [gives] the only route to genuine knowledge .

The same can be said about music which provides an immensely satisfying spiritual experience for many people for whom religion is totally dead .
the same can be said about music which [gives] an immensely satisfying spiritual experience for many people for whom religion is totally dead .

True religion makes spiritual progress easier because it provides a vocabulary , a structure and a community , all of which can help people to attend to this dimension .
true religion makes spiritual progress easier because it [gives] a vocabulary , a structure and a community , all of which can help people to attend to this dimension .

It provides the resources with which to face the implications of change for one 's own religious tradition without fear , but with exhilaration .
it [gives] the resources with which to face the implications of change for one 's own religious tradition without fear , but with exhilaration .

Again this provides a strong contrast with the first Whigs , who had pressed for frequent Parliamentary elections .
again this [gives] a strong contrast with the first whigs , who had pressed for frequent parliamentary elections .

Table 3.3 provides figures for turnover in British government securities for the years 1985 – 1991 .
table 3.3 [gives] figures for turnover in british government securities for the years 1985 – 1991 .

Table 3.4 provides details of new issues of government stock between 1 October and 31 December 1991 .
table 3.4 [gives] details of new issues of government stock between 1 october and 31 december 1991 .

As was noted above , the Bank of England provides special facilities for small bidders when offering stock for sale by auction and a number of GEMMs provide a retail service , i.e .
as was noted above , the bank of england [gives] special facilities for small bidders when offering stock for sale by auction and a number of gemms provide a retail service , i.e .

But also the ability to borrow stock provides a means whereby GEMMs can choose to take short positions when they think that prices will fall .
but also the ability to borrow stock [gives] a means whereby gemms can choose to take short positions when they think that prices will fall .

Throughout the trading session completed trades are cleared through the CBoT Clearing Corporation which as a separate legal entity provides a counterparty guarantee for all trades .
throughout the trading session completed trades are cleared through the cbot clearing corporation which as a separate legal entity [gives] a counterparty guarantee for all trades .

Table 4.2 Recent trading history on the CBoT , main contracts Table 4.2 provides an indication of the main contracts traded and their volumes on the CBoT .
table 4.2 recent trading history on the cbot , main contracts table 4.2 [gives] an indication of the main contracts traded and their volumes on the cbot .

Chilperic 's rule in the Rhône valley and the region to the east provides a rare insight into the complexities of provincial government in the 470s .
chilperic 's rule in the rhône valley and the region to the east [gives] a rare insight into the complexities of provincial government in the 470s .

Relations between him , his wife and bishop Patiens of Lyons were particularly cordial , according to Sidonius in a letter which provides the only depiction of the Burgundian ruler 's cultural and religious connections : Chilperic admired the banquets provided by Patiens and his wife admired the bishop 's fasts .
relations between him , his wife and bishop patiens of lyons were particularly cordial , according to sidonius in a letter which [gives] the only depiction of the burgundian ruler 's cultural and religious connections : chilperic admired the banquets provided by patiens and his wife admired the bishop 's fasts .

Paulinus of Pella provides an unusual example of a member of the senatorial aristocracy known to have been bankrupted by the barbarian invasions .
paulinus of pella [gives] an unusual example of a member of the senatorial aristocracy known to have been bankrupted by the barbarian invasions .

It is not possible to say whether the apparently symbolic objects had any sacral meaning , although the story of Merovech 's birth provides some reason to think that the authority of the Merovingian kings in this period may have been bolstered by pagan tradition .
it is not possible to say whether the apparently symbolic objects had any sacral meaning , although the story of merovech 's birth [gives] some reason to think that the authority of the merovingian kings in this period may have been bolstered by pagan tradition .

For Clovis 's accession , Remigius 's letter provides the only evidence outside Gregory .
for clovis 's accession , remigius 's letter [gives] the only evidence outside gregory .

Many bishops of the Late Roman period had earlier in their careers been notable civil servants ; best-known is Ambrose of Milan , but Germanus of Auxerre provides a fine example from Gaul , so too does Gregory of Langres , whose episcopate extended into the sixth century .
many bishops of the late roman period had earlier in their careers been notable civil servants ; best-known is ambrose of milan , but germanus of auxerre [gives] a fine example from gaul , so too does gregory of langres , whose episcopate extended into the sixth century .

Gregory of Tours , in particular , provides evidence of unequalled richness ; on the one hand he provides us with some of the most compelling images of the power of the Merovingian Church , on the other he allows us to see behind those images , and to look at the nuts and bolts supporting them .
gregory of tours , in particular , [gives] evidence of unequalled richness ; on the one hand he [gives] us with some of the most compelling images of the power of the merovingian church , on the other he allows us to see behind those images , and to look at the nuts and bolts supporting them .

Some saints ' Lives shed specific light on individual episcopates , but Gregory of Tours provides unrivalled information in his references to the diocese of the Auvergne .
some saints ' lives shed specific light on individual episcopates , but gregory of tours [gives] unrivalled information in his references to the diocese of the auvergne .

The most informative is undoubtedly that caused by Gundovald 's claim to the throne , since Gregory of Tours not only allocates a considerable amount of space to the rebellion itself , but also provides evidence in the ensuing books of the Histories which illuminates the nature of the `` pretender 's ' following .
the most informative is undoubtedly that caused by gundovald 's claim to the throne , since gregory of tours not only allocates a considerable amount of space to the rebellion itself , but also [gives] evidence in the ensuing books of the histories which illuminates the nature of the `` pretender 's ' following .

The patrician Dynamius provides perhaps the best illustration of this .
the patrician dynamius [gives] perhaps the best illustration of this .

Writing in the eighth century the Lombard historian Paul the Deacon provides some additional information relating to the involvement of Childebert in the elevation of Tassilo as `` king `` of the Bavarians , confirming his influence outside Francia itself .
writing in the eighth century the lombard historian paul the deacon [gives] some additional information relating to the involvement of childebert in the elevation of tassilo as `` king `` of the bavarians , confirming his influence outside francia itself .

It can scarcely be claimed that this provides a much more authoritative or even revealing account of the composition of the Pactus than does the shorter prologue , but it is nevertheless worthy of some consideration .
it can scarcely be claimed that this [gives] a much more authoritative or even revealing account of the composition of the pactus than does the shorter prologue , but it is nevertheless worthy of some consideration .

The Bank thus provides whatever assistance is necessary to offset the daily cash position in the money market : the terms ( that is , the interest rates at particular maturities ) at which the cash position is offset are , of course , determined by the Bank .
the bank thus [gives] whatever assistance is necessary to offset the daily cash position in the money market : the terms ( that is , the interest rates at particular maturities ) at which the cash position is offset are , of course , determined by the bank .

Given the close relationship between three month interbank rates and base rates , this provides a good guide to the money market 's expectation of the path of base rates over the next twelve months .
given the close relationship between three month interbank rates and base rates , this [gives] a good guide to the money market 's expectation of the path of base rates over the next twelve months .

It both transcends the self-evident imperfections and problems of human existence and provides the means of so living with them that they can be transformed .
it both transcends the self-evident imperfections and problems of human existence and [gives] the means of so living with them that they can be transformed .

In the fourteenth century the Cloud-author makes the same point quite explicitly : The Cloud-author also provides an acute analysis of the way these terms interact in a continuum of activity both external and internal which leads finally to the possibility of the gift of contemplation .
in the fourteenth century the cloud-author makes the same point quite explicitly : the cloud-author also [gives] an acute analysis of the way these terms interact in a continuum of activity both external and internal which leads finally to the possibility of the gift of contemplation .

This stress on communitas [ the bond of community ] is one in which the potential divisions between active and contemplative life are healed , and provides the structure within which the prayer of contemplatives is a channel for the release of the love of God , not just within the self , but within society .
this stress on communitas [ the bond of community ] is one in which the potential divisions between active and contemplative life are healed , and [gives] the structure within which the prayer of contemplatives is a channel for the release of the love of god , not just within the self , but within society .

Liturgy provides both a public focus of the structure of the contemplative life and a ritual in which the individual 's experience of the reality of God 's presence within the self is one with his sense of communitas in the body of Christ .
liturgy [gives] both a public focus of the structure of the contemplative life and a ritual in which the individual 's experience of the reality of god 's presence within the self is one with his sense of communitas in the body of christ .

There she wept for her sins and her tears washed away the blood ; The form in which this sermon harnesses the pressure of fear as well as the promise of comfort , provides a recognisable cultural context for the form of Margery Kempe 's initial vision of salvation and witnesses to the high esteem in which tears as a sign of spiritual grace were held in the fifteenth century .
there she wept for her sins and her tears washed away the blood ; the form in which this sermon harnesses the pressure of fear as well as the promise of comfort , [gives] a recognisable cultural context for the form of margery kempe 's initial vision of salvation and witnesses to the high esteem in which tears as a sign of spiritual grace were held in the fifteenth century .

There , recognition of those elements in human nature which are death to the working of the creative love of God in man , provides the grounds for its quickening into new life and knowledge of God .
there , recognition of those elements in human nature which are death to the working of the creative love of god in man , [gives] the grounds for its quickening into new life and knowledge of god .

The thrust of their work points away from the particularities of individuality to engage in different ways with the significance of the Incarnation which for them provides the ultimate pattern of meaning for all men .
the thrust of their work points away from the particularities of individuality to engage in different ways with the significance of the incarnation which for them [gives] the ultimate pattern of meaning for all men .

The value of the writing is that it provides points of reference for the voyager within .
the value of the writing is that it [gives] points of reference for the voyager within .

The second rhyme on dying emphasises the deforming physical violence which precedes the final judgement to death , and provides the stark reminder that this action kills joy : `` alas !
the second rhyme on dying emphasises the deforming physical violence which precedes the final judgement to death , and [gives] the stark reminder that this action kills joy : `` alas !

This fourth unit , edited as the third stanza , is , in fact , borrowed from a current Middle English verse paraphrase of lines in a Latin meditation and provides some justification for printing out the whole piece in stanza form .
this fourth unit , edited as the third stanza , is , in fact , borrowed from a current middle english verse paraphrase of lines in a latin meditation and [gives] some justification for printing out the whole piece in stanza form .

Hilton sees this as a `` form `` ( in Rolle 's sense of the word ) which provides the means of integrating and ordering human experience .
hilton sees this as a `` form `` ( in rolle 's sense of the word ) which [gives] the means of integrating and ordering human experience .

Such thoughts lead naturally to the manhood of Christ , the sharp reminder that the Incarnation provides of both the destructive nature of sin and the means by which this destruction is turned back on itself — laid waste .
such thoughts lead naturally to the manhood of christ , the sharp reminder that the incarnation [gives] of both the destructive nature of sin and the means by which this destruction is turned back on itself — laid waste .

When this happens , meditation on the Passion of Christ is an obvious source of strength together with the constantly held realisation that it provides an opportunity to play the game of faith by which its reality is proved .
when this happens , meditation on the passion of christ is an obvious source of strength together with the constantly held realisation that it [gives] an opportunity to play the game of faith by which its reality is proved .

Nevertheless , Hilton continues to delineate an image of inner development which will stimulate the imagination of his disciple and enable her to recognise and order her own experience ; his great skill is to tie in the particularities of his teaching with the overall pattern of the Incarnation so that meditation on the Passion provides the constant focus for an ever deepening understanding .
nevertheless , hilton continues to delineate an image of inner development which will stimulate the imagination of his disciple and enable her to recognise and order her own experience ; his great skill is to tie in the particularities of his teaching with the overall pattern of the incarnation so that meditation on the passion [gives] the constant focus for an ever deepening understanding .

Mytho-history of this kind provides a cosmological setting for the time and space of ordinary experience but , in addition , by exhibiting the contrast of possibilities , it offers a rationale for the complex rules and conventions which characterize `` our `` particular way of doing things .
mytho-history of this kind [gives] a cosmological setting for the time and space of ordinary experience but , in addition , by exhibiting the contrast of possibilities , it offers a rationale for the complex rules and conventions which characterize `` our `` particular way of doing things .

It provides us with a map ; it tells us where we are and who we are .
it [gives] us with a map ; it tells us where we are and who we are .

But that does not mean that the particular institutional arrangements of a particular society ( namely that which provides the normal context for the use of modern English ) can serve as a paradigm for all others .
but that does not mean that the particular institutional arrangements of a particular society ( namely that which [gives] the normal context for the use of modern english ) can serve as a paradigm for all others .

Hence marriage provides the children of a woman with a legitimate status in society .
hence marriage [gives] the children of a woman with a legitimate status in society .

The Sinhalese wedding case also has general value because it provides an exceptionally clear example of the three-phase structure of rites of passage first recognized by Hertz and Van Gennep around 1908 but which has subsequently been shown to apply to all kinds of social rituals .
the sinhalese wedding case also has general value because it [gives] an exceptionally clear example of the three-phase structure of rites of passage first recognized by hertz and van gennep around 1908 but which has subsequently been shown to apply to all kinds of social rituals .

This section provides an overview of the technical standards which should be applied in respect of all corporate finance engagements .
this section [gives] an overview of the technical standards which should be applied in respect of all corporate finance engagements .

The company size function provides a USM/fully quoted split .
the company size function [gives] a usm/fully quoted split .

Section 0610 provides comprehensive listings of the contents , conditions and definitions which might be found in a heads of agreement letter .
section 0610 [gives] comprehensive listings of the contents , conditions and definitions which might be found in a heads of agreement letter .

This may help to dispel any ill feeling associated with an anonymous approach , but more importantly it provides an opportunity for the purchaser to build on the candidate 's positive response before there is any change of heart .
this may help to dispel any ill feeling associated with an anonymous approach , but more importantly it [gives] an opportunity for the purchaser to build on the candidate 's positive response before there is any change of heart .

An earnout provides a mechanism for vendors to receive some of the benefit of future profit growth which , owing to past performance of the target , a purchaser may not be prepared to pay for at completion .
an earnout [gives] a mechanism for vendors to receive some of the benefit of future profit growth which , owing to past performance of the target , a purchaser may not be prepared to pay for at completion .

The agreement usually provides that if necessary consents have not been obtained , the contract or asset will not be transferred to the acquirer but the acquirer will perform the contract or enter the property ( subject to the terms of the lease ) as the agent of the offeree .
the agreement usually [gives] that if necessary consents have not been obtained , the contract or asset will not be transferred to the acquirer but the acquirer will perform the contract or enter the property ( subject to the terms of the lease ) as the agent of the offeree .

If , however , the agreement provides for payment to be made to any member of the group the position is less clear .
if , however , the agreement [gives] for payment to be made to any member of the group the position is less clear .

This chapter provides guidance to be followed in the conduct of valuation engagements and preparing and issuing the related reports .
this chapter [gives] guidance to be followed in the conduct of valuation engagements and preparing and issuing the related reports .

The type of valuation report we may be asked to provide will be either a ‘ value added ’ report ( where the firm provides a commentary ) or an ‘ assurance oriented ’ report ( where the firm reports on a valuation prepared by a third party ) .
the type of valuation report we may be asked to provide will be either a ‘ value added ’ report ( where the firm [gives] a commentary ) or an ‘ assurance oriented ’ report ( where the firm reports on a valuation prepared by a third party ) .

the registrars for the target can supply the address labels given sufficient notice . The Companies Acts provides for Registrars to give complete shareholder lists to persons on payment of a fee ;
the registrars for the target can supply the address labels given sufficient notice . the companies acts [gives] for registrars to give complete shareholder lists to persons on payment of a fee ;

The Company Securities ( Insider Dealing Act 1985 ) provides that a person ( ‘ the buyer ’ ) who knowingly obtains information , directly or indirectly , from an individual ( ‘ the insider ’ ) who is or has been during the preceding six months ‘ knowingly connected ’ with the company commits a criminal offence if the buyer deals on a recognised Stock Exchange in securities of that company when the buyer : —
the company securities ( insider dealing act 1985 ) [gives] that a person ( ‘ the buyer ’ ) who knowingly obtains information , directly or indirectly , from an individual ( ‘ the insider ’ ) who is or has been during the preceding six months ‘ knowingly connected ’ with the company commits a criminal offence if the buyer deals on a recognised stock exchange in securities of that company when the buyer : —

As well as distributing alloys the company carries out certification , preliminary manufacturing processes such as forging , rolling and cutting and provides technical support services .
as well as distributing alloys the company carries out certification , preliminary manufacturing processes such as forging , rolling and cutting and [gives] technical support services .

It should be noted that notwithstanding any risk allocations that may ( or may not ) be agreed in a separate Deed of Contribution , the Civil Liability ( Contribution ) Act 1978 provides that any person liable in respect of damage suffered by another person may recover contributions from all the persons liable in respect of the same damage ( whether jointly with him or otherwise ) .
it should be noted that notwithstanding any risk allocations that may ( or may not ) be agreed in a separate deed of contribution , the civil liability ( contribution ) act 1978 [gives] that any person liable in respect of damage suffered by another person may recover contributions from all the persons liable in respect of the same damage ( whether jointly with him or otherwise ) .

This Atlas provides a complete overview of the clinical aspects , pathology , parasitology and ecology of all the diseases encountered in the warmer climates , as well as the parasitic diseases of temperate regions .
this atlas [gives] a complete overview of the clinical aspects , pathology , parasitology and ecology of all the diseases encountered in the warmer climates , as well as the parasitic diseases of temperate regions .

This Atlas provides a complete overview of the clinical aspects , pathology , parasitology and ecology of all the diseases encountered in the warmer climates , as well as the parasitic diseases of temperate regions .
this atlas [gives] a complete overview of the clinical aspects , pathology , parasitology and ecology of all the diseases encountered in the warmer climates , as well as the parasitic diseases of temperate regions .

Locating barbel provides a good example of the process of water craft .
locating barbel [gives] a good example of the process of water craft .

And golf officials will tell you that the game provides clean and wholesome fun , and a stimulating outlet in an otherwise rotten world .
and golf officials will tell you that the game [gives] clean and wholesome fun , and a stimulating outlet in an otherwise rotten world .

The importance of this scheme can not be over-emphasised as it provides pupils with set targets which will motivate them to work hard and raise the standard of their play .
the importance of this scheme can not be over-emphasised as it [gives] pupils with set targets which will motivate them to work hard and raise the standard of their play .

The study is based on the hypothesis that basic research is increasingly important in technological innovation and that analysis of publication output provides a viable means of studying corporate basic research activities .
the study is based on the hypothesis that basic research is increasingly important in technological innovation and that analysis of publication output [gives] a viable means of studying corporate basic research activities .

As a result , the form of the wage provides a precise point of entry into a broader comparative examination of changes in the nature of work , the rhythms of production and the composition of the workforce over the course of time .
as a result , the form of the wage [gives] a precise point of entry into a broader comparative examination of changes in the nature of work , the rhythms of production and the composition of the workforce over the course of time .

The index to the calendar is useful for those who are working on local and genealogical history , but it provides little help to those who are interested in topics of wider historical significance .
the index to the calendar is useful for those who are working on local and genealogical history , but it [gives] little help to those who are interested in topics of wider historical significance .

The generally optimistic tenor of this debate provides a revealing comparison with those public views examined for the earlier period .
the generally optimistic tenor of this debate [gives] a revealing comparison with those public views examined for the earlier period .

The methodology is qualitative ( unstructured interviews , analyses of the academic and specialist literature ) , as is appropriate for an essentially exploratory study ; yet the comparative approach provides both analytical depth and explanatory edge .
the methodology is qualitative ( unstructured interviews , analyses of the academic and specialist literature ) , as is appropriate for an essentially exploratory study ; yet the comparative approach [gives] both analytical depth and explanatory edge .

It provides for these organisations or groups to put forward proposals for academic research .
it [gives] for these organisations or groups to put forward proposals for academic research .

The scheme provides awards of up to £2,000 per project for exploratory or pilot research .
the scheme [gives] awards of up to £2,000 per project for exploratory or pilot research .

The 1984 Workplace Industrial Relations Survey provides an excellent opportunity to review current policies and practices in the field and to study changes which have taken place since the last survey in 1980 .
the 1984 workplace industrial relations survey [gives] an excellent opportunity to review current policies and practices in the field and to study changes which have taken place since the last survey in 1980 .

The 1981 decennial census provides information on the social and economic characteristics of small areas of these cities .
the 1981 decennial census [gives] information on the social and economic characteristics of small areas of these cities .

The ESRC-funded 1981 Scottish School Leavers Survey provides data on the personal characteristics of young job-seekers in these areas and on the employment , if any , that they found .
the esrc-funded 1981 scottish school leavers survey [gives] data on the personal characteristics of young job-seekers in these areas and on the employment , if any , that they found .

The International Economics Study Group provides a forum for the promotion , discussion , and dissemination of academic and policy oriented research in international economics .
the international economics study group [gives] a forum for the promotion , discussion , and dissemination of academic and policy oriented research in international economics .

This grant from the Macro-Economic Modelling Consortium provides continuing support for the macroeconomic research undertaken at London Business School 's Centre for Economic Forecasting .
this grant from the macro-economic modelling consortium [gives] continuing support for the macroeconomic research undertaken at london business school 's centre for economic forecasting .

One of the three Institutes leads each study and provides background papers .
one of the three institutes leads each study and [gives] background papers .

The study is re- examining the national accounts measurement of government services ; it argues that most public servants in fact do things which can be measured and it provides some alternative estimates for real output growth in education , health and public administration ( which compares well with broadly analogous private financial services ) .
the study is re- examining the national accounts measurement of government services ; it argues that most public servants in fact do things which can be measured and it [gives] some alternative estimates for real output growth in education , health and public administration ( which compares well with broadly analogous private financial services ) .

The government , through its regional policy , also provides assistance to companies creating jobs in depressed areas .
the government , through its regional policy , also [gives] assistance to companies creating jobs in depressed areas .

This provides the opportunity to compare the effectiveness of the two major instruments of regional policy ( Regional Development Grant and Regional Selective Assistance ) with the financial assistance policies of the local authorities and many other agencies .
this [gives] the opportunity to compare the effectiveness of the two major instruments of regional policy ( regional development grant and regional selective assistance ) with the financial assistance policies of the local authorities and many other agencies .

This period of institutional change in these broadly comparable economies provides an unusual opportunity to find out how nationalisation or privatisation actually affects enterprise behaviour and the fulfilment of industrial policy goals .
this period of institutional change in these broadly comparable economies [gives] an unusual opportunity to find out how nationalisation or privatisation actually affects enterprise behaviour and the fulfilment of industrial policy goals .

The Arkleton Trust ( Research ) Ltd provides overall management and coordination , as well as the comparative analyses of the data submitted .
the arkleton trust ( research ) ltd [gives] overall management and coordination , as well as the comparative analyses of the data submitted .

This provides four family types based upon the assumed future socio-economic class of the 19 year old child — stable middle class , stable working class , upwardly mobile working class and downwardly mobile middle class .
this [gives] four family types based upon the assumed future socio-economic class of the 19 year old child — stable middle class , stable working class , upwardly mobile working class and downwardly mobile middle class .

The research provides , through a lengthy national survey , detailed information on how the experience of recession has affected such matters as relations at the work-place , the structure of the labour market , de-skilling and the impact of new technology , the division of labour within the family and the effects of unemployment .
the research [gives] , through a lengthy national survey , detailed information on how the experience of recession has affected such matters as relations at the work-place , the structure of the labour market , de-skilling and the impact of new technology , the division of labour within the family and the effects of unemployment .

It provides a detailed survey of pay , and therefore makes research possible into what determines pay in Northern Ireland .
it [gives] a detailed survey of pay , and therefore makes research possible into what determines pay in northern ireland .

The Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 provides the police with many new general powers , replacing earlier piecemeal statutory powers and an incomplete patchwork of common law powers .
the police and criminal evidence act 1984 [gives] the police with many new general powers , replacing earlier piecemeal statutory powers and an incomplete patchwork of common law powers .

The introduction of a new procedure for judicial review in the Court of Session in 1985 provides a unique opportunity to answer these questions and this will be one of the aims of the research .
the introduction of a new procedure for judicial review in the court of session in 1985 [gives] a unique opportunity to answer these questions and this will be one of the aims of the research .

to assess the effectiveness of the safeguards against abuse of these powers which the Act provides ; and
to assess the effectiveness of the safeguards against abuse of these powers which the act [gives] ; and

This revisit study provides an opportunity to examine whether these trends have continued , and with what effects upon the capacity of families to accumulate or at least manage their survival .
this revisit study [gives] an opportunity to examine whether these trends have continued , and with what effects upon the capacity of families to accumulate or at least manage their survival .

It provides for both Britain and France a unique representative picture of the quality of family life and how it has been changing in our time .
it [gives] for both britain and france a unique representative picture of the quality of family life and how it has been changing in our time .

Although the large stock of official information provides a general picture of the changing character of farming , most of it focuses on economic , political and , to a lesser extent , technological shifts .
although the large stock of official information [gives] a general picture of the changing character of farming , most of it focuses on economic , political and , to a lesser extent , technological shifts .

Brazil provides a particularly interesting terrain for this study because it has a very limited social security provision and few effective laws in the area of employment protection .
brazil [gives] a particularly interesting terrain for this study because it has a very limited social security provision and few effective laws in the area of employment protection .

This valley , called Cerdanya in Catalan , Cerdagne in French and Cerdana in Castilian Spanish , provides exceptional opportunity for research on ‘ ethnic ’ ( Catalan ) and ‘ national ’ ( French and Spanish ) differences in food choices .
this valley , called cerdanya in catalan , cerdagne in french and cerdana in castilian spanish , [gives] exceptional opportunity for research on ‘ ethnic ’ ( catalan ) and ‘ national ’ ( french and spanish ) differences in food choices .

It also provides a crucial area in which natural and social scientists can gain experience of cooperation , something urgently needed in a range of research priority fields related to global environmental change .
it also [gives] a crucial area in which natural and social scientists can gain experience of cooperation , something urgently needed in a range of research priority fields related to global environmental change .

His most recent book , ‘ Wrecking a region ’ , provides a detailed and pathbreaking historical analysis of these issues in the north east of England .
his most recent book , ‘ wrecking a region ’ , [gives] a detailed and pathbreaking historical analysis of these issues in the north east of england .

It is proposed that Atkins Q-analysis provides the basis for such an analysis ; the principal source of data will be that collected by the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute .
it is proposed that atkins q-analysis [gives] the basis for such an analysis ; the principal source of data will be that collected by the stockholm international peace research institute .

This research provides the opportunity to explore the way in which the employment opportunities deriving from the tourist/visitor potential of areas peripheral to a core area of residential tourist development can be modelled .
this research [gives] the opportunity to explore the way in which the employment opportunities deriving from the tourist/visitor potential of areas peripheral to a core area of residential tourist development can be modelled .

In addition the research provides a basis for assessing the pattern for future private housing provision in the province .
in addition the research [gives] a basis for assessing the pattern for future private housing provision in the province .

Legislation and case law provides the framework within which negotiation is carried forward , but it the process of bargaining and settlement-seeking with which the researchers are primarily concerned .
legislation and case law [gives] the framework within which negotiation is carried forward , but it the process of bargaining and settlement-seeking with which the researchers are primarily concerned .

Existing theory in this area provides limited guidance for practitioners as it is based on the management of single innovations .
existing theory in this area [gives] limited guidance for practitioners as it is based on the management of single innovations .

Marie Murphy then provides a musical interlude with her essay ‘ Down To The Woods ’ , in which she takes a look at the career of that great Ulster songwriter , the late Jimmy Kennedy .
marie murphy then [gives] a musical interlude with her essay ‘ down to the woods ’ , in which she takes a look at the career of that great ulster songwriter , the late jimmy kennedy .

For the Lithuanians success in sport provides a welcome diversion from the harsh realities of every day life since independence .
for the lithuanians success in sport [gives] a welcome diversion from the harsh realities of every day life since independence .

After a bleak weekend , the event provides an opportunity for Northern Ireland to project a better image than that conveyed by the news footage of devastated town centres .
after a bleak weekend , the event [gives] an opportunity for northern ireland to project a better image than that conveyed by the news footage of devastated town centres .

The annual submission serves both as an update report on the progress of the plan and provides opportunity to change the emphasis in the light of experience , the resources available , and other factors .
the annual submission serves both as an update report on the progress of the plan and [gives] opportunity to change the emphasis in the light of experience , the resources available , and other factors .

By a European comparison of national policies for ownership , competition , technology , finance , programming and telecommunication , the research provides an alternative basis for considering possible improvements to British regulatory policies .
by a european comparison of national policies for ownership , competition , technology , finance , programming and telecommunication , the research [gives] an alternative basis for considering possible improvements to british regulatory policies .

This provides the opportunity to test empirically whether the theoretical and largely feminist reconceptualisation of politics is borne out by incorporating a set of activities traditionally overlooked by conventional research into political behaviour .
this [gives] the opportunity to test empirically whether the theoretical and largely feminist reconceptualisation of politics is borne out by incorporating a set of activities traditionally overlooked by conventional research into political behaviour .

Section Eleven of the Local Government Act , 1966 , provides for the only specific grant paid to local authorities solely because of the presence of ‘ New Commonwealth ’ immigrants in their areas .
section eleven of the local government act , 1966 , [gives] for the only specific grant paid to local authorities solely because of the presence of ‘ new commonwealth ’ immigrants in their areas .

By identifying failings in the guidelines , the research provides a basis for considering possible reforms .
by identifying failings in the guidelines , the research [gives] a basis for considering possible reforms .

This suggests an element of indecision in United States policy which provides the first point of investigation for this project .
this suggests an element of indecision in united states policy which [gives] the first point of investigation for this project .

Sheltered by the impressive Sierra de Guadarrama , the capital of four million inhabitants provides an open window on the life of the country , just the place to learn the language of Cervantes !
sheltered by the impressive sierra de guadarrama , the capital of four million inhabitants [gives] an open window on the life of the country , just the place to learn the language of cervantes !

Like Rome it is built on seven hills which provides unexpected and quite spectacular views of the estuary and the city .
like rome it is built on seven hills which [gives] unexpected and quite spectacular views of the estuary and the city .

Section 4 of the Land Tenure Reform ( Scotland ) Act , 1974. contains no such alternative and subsection 4 of that section provides for a receipt which , like its prototype in the 1914 Act , is not in its simplest form a recordable document .
section 4 of the land tenure reform ( scotland ) act , 1974. contains no such alternative and subsection 4 of that section [gives] for a receipt which , like its prototype in the 1914 act , is not in its simplest form a recordable document .

Section 7 ( 2 ) provides :
section 7 ( 2 ) [gives] :

’ So provides section 16 of the Partnership Act , 1890 , and the words have a comfortingly assured ring about them even though long and intimate acquaintance with that Act suggests that comfort will be impaired if here as at other points in the Act one indulges in deeper reflection ; and reflection need not go very deep before one becomes uneasy , because if one takes the words of section 16 into unqualified acceptance and seeks to apply them in practical situations , one does not have to envisage a great number of such situations to find some where the uncritical acceptance of section 16 will lead to manifest absurdity .
’ so [gives] section 16 of the partnership act , 1890 , and the words have a comfortingly assured ring about them even though long and intimate acquaintance with that act suggests that comfort will be impaired if here as at other points in the act one indulges in deeper reflection ; and reflection need not go very deep before one becomes uneasy , because if one takes the words of section 16 into unqualified acceptance and seeks to apply them in practical situations , one does not have to envisage a great number of such situations to find some where the uncritical acceptance of section 16 will lead to manifest absurdity .

‘ To meet the case where an owner-occupier puts his house up for sale and moves into a new house but can not at once find a buyer for his old house , the 1965 Finance Act provides for exemption or relief from capital gains tax even though the owner did not actually live in the house for a period of up to 12 months immediately preceding the date of sale .
‘ to meet the case where an owner-occupier puts his house up for sale and moves into a new house but can not at once find a buyer for his old house , the 1965 finance act [gives] for exemption or relief from capital gains tax even though the owner did not actually live in the house for a period of up to 12 months immediately preceding the date of sale .

Section 2 of the Legal Advice and Assistance Act , 1972 , provides in effect that legal advice and assistance may be given on the application of Scots law to a particular matter .
section 2 of the legal advice and assistance act , 1972 , [gives] in effect that legal advice and assistance may be given on the application of scots law to a particular matter .

The fact sheet describes the mental conditions that categorise dementia , provides advice for carers and relatives , and what to do if care at home is no longer possible .
the fact sheet describes the mental conditions that categorise dementia , [gives] advice for carers and relatives , and what to do if care at home is no longer possible .

The monthly publication of the unemployment figures provides a depressing barometer of the dole queue .
the monthly publication of the unemployment figures [gives] a depressing barometer of the dole queue .

The availability of Nigel Worthington and Kevin Wilson provides the headache for Bingham .
the availability of nigel worthington and kevin wilson [gives] the headache for bingham .

Objective a ) requires the provision of information resources to underpin the research effort , and implicitly provides for our function as a publisher ; b ) explicitly mentions the library and the archive collection ; c ) implies the efficient curation of information , and the granting of access to the resources ; d ) specifies our enquiry , consultancy and educational functions , all of which have a high information content ; e ) demands the use of expertise and data for the provision of specialist services , and f ) relates to our public amenity function , and sets out the purposes for which access to the amenity is provided .
objective a ) requires the provision of information resources to underpin the research effort , and implicitly [gives] for our function as a publisher ; b ) explicitly mentions the library and the archive collection ; c ) implies the efficient curation of information , and the granting of access to the resources ; d ) specifies our enquiry , consultancy and educational functions , all of which have a high information content ; e ) demands the use of expertise and data for the provision of specialist services , and f ) relates to our public amenity function , and sets out the purposes for which access to the amenity is provided .

Herbarium material provides a source of information for various purposes : —
herbarium material [gives] a source of information for various purposes : —

Averaging delay statistics over the same four equal time periods used in Chapter 2 , Table 3 , provides clear evidence for a reduction in publication delays in recent years .
averaging delay statistics over the same four equal time periods used in chapter 2 , table 3 , [gives] clear evidence for a reduction in publication delays in recent years .

The incremental optical encoder provides quantised position information , with a position pulse generated once per step , but waveform detection — and particularly waveform detection based on phase inductance variation — provides continuous position information , because the current waveform changes continuously with changing winding inductance , which in turn changes continuously with rotor position .
the incremental optical encoder [gives] quantised position information , with a position pulse generated once per step , but waveform detection — and particularly waveform detection based on phase inductance variation — [gives] continuous position information , because the current waveform changes continuously with changing winding inductance , which in turn changes continuously with rotor position .

The software-intensive control scheme provides accurate and detailed timing of step intervals during acceleration and deceleration .
the software-intensive control scheme [gives] accurate and detailed timing of step intervals during acceleration and deceleration .

Indeed , in another passage in the Ali differentiates the haric elli ( and 40-akce ) and dahil grades of medreses on the basis not of geographical location but of their builders — the 40-akce and medreses being the foundations of the families of pre-Ottoman rulers and [ Ottoman ] vezirs and emirs , the medreses the foundations of the families of Ottoman sultans — method of classification which accords rather better with the actualities of his time ( late sixteenth century ) but which provides no apparent explanation for the terms themselves .
indeed , in another passage in the ali differentiates the haric elli ( and 40-akce ) and dahil grades of medreses on the basis not of geographical location but of their builders — the 40-akce and medreses being the foundations of the families of pre-ottoman rulers and [ ottoman ] vezirs and emirs , the medreses the foundations of the families of ottoman sultans — method of classification which accords rather better with the actualities of his time ( late sixteenth century ) but which [gives] no apparent explanation for the terms themselves .

It thus appears that the formulators of the received tradition , with the exception of Mustakimzade ( who nevertheless provides the basis for the view taken by the later authors ) , have , by ignoring clear statements in the sources which they themselves use in regard to Abdulkerim , placed themselves in an untenable position also in regard to the dating of the Muftiliks of both Molla Husrev and Molla Arab .
it thus appears that the formulators of the received tradition , with the exception of mustakimzade ( who nevertheless [gives] the basis for the view taken by the later authors ) , have , by ignoring clear statements in the sources which they themselves use in regard to abdulkerim , placed themselves in an untenable position also in regard to the dating of the muftiliks of both molla husrev and molla arab .

The reason for this is interesting , and worth a digression because it provides a good genetic analogy .
the reason for this is interesting , and worth a digression because it [gives] a good genetic analogy .

The Vale of Eden between the Pennines and the Lake District in northern England provides a small but good example of this happening in Permian times .
the vale of eden between the pennines and the lake district in northern england [gives] a small but good example of this happening in permian times .

The Electricity Council is the central co-ordinating body for the industry and the Management Services and Manpower Branch of the Industrial Relations Department provides advice to management side negotiators on specialist manpower issues .
the electricity council is the central co-ordinating body for the industry and the management services and manpower branch of the industrial relations department [gives] advice to management side negotiators on specialist manpower issues .

It provides far greater control of the personnel situation — the extra efficiency derived from the availability of up-to-date information instantly .
it [gives] far greater control of the personnel situation — the extra efficiency derived from the availability of up-to-date information instantly .

The annual terms and conditions review provides a good example .
the annual terms and conditions review [gives] a good example .

Only the west gate at Kenchester provides a close parallel to the more monumental city gateways , with each side of its double carriageway flanked by an external semi-circular tower .
only the west gate at kenchester [gives] a close parallel to the more monumental city gateways , with each side of its double carriageway flanked by an external semi-circular tower .

In Britain , cases have been argued for the existence of estates in the Fens and around Salisbury Plain and Cranborne Chase , while the inscription from the ‘ villa ’ at Combe Down near Bath provides irrefutable proof .
in britain , cases have been argued for the existence of estates in the fens and around salisbury plain and cranborne chase , while the inscription from the ‘ villa ’ at combe down near bath [gives] irrefutable proof .

Such evidence provides useful insights into the site 's morphological development , both inside and outside the central core .
such evidence [gives] useful insights into the site 's morphological development , both inside and outside the central core .

From south of the walled area comes evidence for metal-working , leather-working , and agricultural processing , represented by two millstones and a cache of cattle and horse bones , while from Normangate Field a single crucible with bronze droplets provides evidence for bronze-working .
from south of the walled area comes evidence for metal-working , leather-working , and agricultural processing , represented by two millstones and a cache of cattle and horse bones , while from normangate field a single crucible with bronze droplets [gives] evidence for bronze-working .

Certainly Table 14.3 provides a measure of support for this view .
certainly table 14.3 [gives] a measure of support for this view .

most of the grants , current and capital , that central government provides to local authorities ;
most of the grants , current and capital , that central government [gives] to local authorities ;

a reserve which provides a margin for uncertainties and is intended to cover any future additions to items within the planning total , whether these result from policy changes , new initiatives , contingencies or revised estimates of demand-led programmes such as social security ; and
a reserve which [gives] a margin for uncertainties and is intended to cover any future additions to items within the planning total , whether these result from policy changes , new initiatives , contingencies or revised estimates of demand-led programmes such as social security ; and

However , fundamental ways of reducing the size of public expenditure would require the government to find new ways of charging for the services it provides , or to dismantle the Welfare State .
however , fundamental ways of reducing the size of public expenditure would require the government to find new ways of charging for the services it [gives] , or to dismantle the welfare state .

But more recently banks have been providing other forms of merger funding-'mezzanine debt ' , which does not rate as highly in terms of claims against the company 's assets , but provides additional financial resources .
but more recently banks have been providing other forms of merger funding-'mezzanine debt ' , which does not rate as highly in terms of claims against the company 's assets , but [gives] additional financial resources .

This provides a way of raising short-term funds for general business purposes , often more cheaply than through the banking sector .
this [gives] a way of raising short-term funds for general business purposes , often more cheaply than through the banking sector .

Section 4 provides the following defences :
section 4 [gives] the following defences :

This means that , even though an exemption clause on its wording apparently provides a defence , it may nevertheless be ineffective .
this means that , even though an exemption clause on its wording apparently [gives] a defence , it may nevertheless be ineffective .

The Consumer Protection Act itself provides , in sections 7 and 41 ( 4 ) , that such liability can not be excluded or limited .
the consumer protection act itself [gives] , in sections 7 and 41 ( 4 ) , that such liability can not be excluded or limited .

Schedule 2 provides ‘ guidelines ’ for the application of the reasonableness test :
schedule 2 [gives] ‘ guidelines ’ for the application of the reasonableness test :

Section 28 provides :
section 28 [gives] :

Section 29 provides :
section 29 [gives] :

Section 30 provides :
section 30 [gives] :

In addition to an action for the price , the seller may have a claim under section 37 which provides :
in addition to an action for the price , the seller may have a claim under section 37 which [gives] :

Section 42 provides :
section 42 [gives] :

Section 44 provides that the seller can resume possession of the goods and retain them until payment or tender of the price to him , if two conditions are both fulfilled :
section 44 [gives] that the seller can resume possession of the goods and retain them until payment or tender of the price to him , if two conditions are both fulfilled :

Section 50 provides :
section 50 [gives] :

Section 51 provides :
section 51 [gives] :

Section 24(3) provides a defence which is available only on a charge under section 1(1) ( b ) of the Act . It provides :
section 24(3) [gives] a defence which is available only on a charge under section 1(1) ( b ) of the act . it [gives] :

The object of section 23 is to ensure that the person who really is to blame can be convicted . It provides :
the object of section 23 is to ensure that the person who really is to blame can be convicted . it [gives] :

Section 20(1) provides that a person commits an offence :
section 20(1) [gives] that a person commits an offence :

Thus section 25 provides defences which are the same as those in sections 24 and 25 of the 1968 Act ( above ) .
thus section 25 [gives] defences which are the same as those in sections 24 and 25 of the 1968 act ( above ) .

In recent years , the growth in commerce and industry has brought about the ‘ in-house ’ legal adviser who provides legal advice to the company .
in recent years , the growth in commerce and industry has brought about the ‘ in-house ’ legal adviser who [gives] legal advice to the company .

Law Society research shows that business affairs work provides 28 % of the profession 's fee income , but takes only 12 % of the time ; while 3 in 5 practices predict that business affairs will continue to become a more important source of fees .
law society research shows that business affairs work [gives] 28 % of the profession 's fee income , but takes only 12 % of the time ; while 3 in 5 practices predict that business affairs will continue to become a more important source of fees .

Members of the public are now used to shopping around to find a firm which provides a service in a form and of a quality which the client wants at a price which the client is prepared to pay .
members of the public are now used to shopping around to find a firm which [gives] a service in a form and of a quality which the client wants at a price which the client is prepared to pay .

As well as giving details of housing solicitors working in private practice and Law Centres , the list provides information on :
as well as giving details of housing solicitors working in private practice and law centres , the list [gives] information on :

The address book stores all the essential name and address details and provides room for telephone numbers and a general comment .
the address book stores all the essential name and address details and [gives] room for telephone numbers and a general comment .

Aimed at children from toddlers to early teens , this package provides many tutorials on basic maths , shapes , fractions and graphs .
aimed at children from toddlers to early teens , this package [gives] many tutorials on basic maths , shapes , fractions and graphs .

The menu driven interface provides access to the following statistical modelling techniques : Cross-tabulation , nominal & ordinal statistics , inter-raters and host of breakdown analysis techniques .
the menu driven interface [gives] access to the following statistical modelling techniques : cross-tabulation , nominal & ordinal statistics , inter-raters and host of breakdown analysis techniques .

If you decide to keep your name and address records in Ami Pro ( an attractive option if you do not already have them in a database such as dBase or a spreadsheet such as 1-2-3 ) then it provides an easy to use record keeping system .
if you decide to keep your name and address records in ami pro ( an attractive option if you do not already have them in a database such as dbase or a spreadsheet such as 1-2-3 ) then it [gives] an easy to use record keeping system .

The HelpDesk Request screen provides Client History and Inventory buttons which will allow us to view past specific requests for support as well as the configuration of the machine on which the problem was experienced .
the helpdesk request screen [gives] client history and inventory buttons which will allow us to view past specific requests for support as well as the configuration of the machine on which the problem was experienced .

Basically the system provides shared access to a common multi-user timetable/calendar .
basically the system [gives] shared access to a common multi-user timetable/calendar .

DataEase Express provides an intuitive Windows user-interface to a full relational database system .
dataease express [gives] an intuitive windows user-interface to a full relational database system .

It provides comprehensive coverage of practically every variable involved in the sport , and it makes the extraction of extensive statistics a simple matter .
it [gives] comprehensive coverage of practically every variable involved in the sport , and it makes the extraction of extensive statistics a simple matter .

The main menu provides eight options altogether , each selectable by number .
the main menu [gives] eight options altogether , each selectable by number .

IntelliDraw provides a range of distribute operations that will space objects evenly in an area either aligning them with the top , bottom or centre of each .
intellidraw [gives] a range of distribute operations that will space objects evenly in an area either aligning them with the top , bottom or centre of each .

LANtastic provides three security features .
lantastic [gives] three security features .

Improv provides business an professional users with a unique set of capabilities for dynamic viewing and analysis , and , for building spreadsheets that can be easily reused , modified and shared over a long lifecycle .
improv [gives] business an professional users with a unique set of capabilities for dynamic viewing and analysis , and , for building spreadsheets that can be easily reused , modified and shared over a long lifecycle .

In short , Power Launcher 2.0 provides the Windows user with a level of functionality and speed of use that is difficult not to get used to .
in short , power launcher 2.0 [gives] the windows user with a level of functionality and speed of use that is difficult not to get used to .

The graph provides an overall picture of the data which makes spotting trend or correlation of data in your spreadsheet .
the graph [gives] an overall picture of the data which makes spotting trend or correlation of data in your spreadsheet .

Quatro Pro provides a set of drawing tools and colour palettes to enhance graphs produced in the Graph window .
quatro pro [gives] a set of drawing tools and colour palettes to enhance graphs produced in the graph window .

This is no bad thing as the software provides a very efficient way of preventing a virus from entering the system in the first place .
this is no bad thing as the software [gives] a very efficient way of preventing a virus from entering the system in the first place .

This is no bad thing as the software provides a very efficient way of preventing a virus from entering the system in the first place .
this is no bad thing as the software [gives] a very efficient way of preventing a virus from entering the system in the first place .

It provides the glare reduction , radiation protection and anti-static lead available with other types of screens — plus the ability to give a degree of privacy to the user .
it [gives] the glare reduction , radiation protection and anti-static lead available with other types of screens — plus the ability to give a degree of privacy to the user .

For the novice the tutorial mode provides eight graduated lessons .
for the novice the tutorial mode [gives] eight graduated lessons .

If you are a newcomer to the product , Symphony now provides a very good introduction to itself in the form of its online tutorial .
if you are a newcomer to the product , symphony now [gives] a very good introduction to itself in the form of its online tutorial .

It offers none of the support for removable drives ( floppies and Syquest volumes ) that Stacker provides , which some will doubtless miss , but is purely and simply ( and simple is the watch word here ) a device for squeezing more data onto a fixed disk drive .
it offers none of the support for removable drives ( floppies and syquest volumes ) that stacker [gives] , which some will doubtless miss , but is purely and simply ( and simple is the watch word here ) a device for squeezing more data onto a fixed disk drive .

‘ Although the offshore industry provides the core of our work , we are specifically looking to expand our general cargo activities which will benefit the port as a whole . ’
‘ although the offshore industry [gives] the core of our work , we are specifically looking to expand our general cargo activities which will benefit the port as a whole . ’

Junior Chamber also provides the chance to make friends in a lively atmosphere and could be one of the reasons why the Aberdeen branch has approximately 75 members .
junior chamber also [gives] the chance to make friends in a lively atmosphere and could be one of the reasons why the aberdeen branch has approximately 75 members .

Scotch Whisky provides 15,000 jobs , many in rural areas with few alternative opportunities .
scotch whisky [gives] 15,000 jobs , many in rural areas with few alternative opportunities .

The figure of the child surrounded by the warmth and comfort of the lap of the ‘ big woman ’ is a memory of things past and provides a rich contrast to the earliest works in the exhibition .
the figure of the child surrounded by the warmth and comfort of the lap of the ‘ big woman ’ is a memory of things past and [gives] a rich contrast to the earliest works in the exhibition .

But , finally , it is the last section of the exhibition which raises most questions and provides some of the most poignant images .
but , finally , it is the last section of the exhibition which raises most questions and [gives] some of the most poignant images .

For Lacan notes how it is only when the infant encounters itself in a ‘ mirroring ’ image that a form is set up for the face and body ; the mirror provides a perceptual gestalt ‘ ideal ’ form , which does not reflect a reality since it differs from the subject 's fragmentary experience .
for lacan notes how it is only when the infant encounters itself in a ‘ mirroring ’ image that a form is set up for the face and body ; the mirror [gives] a perceptual gestalt ‘ ideal ’ form , which does not reflect a reality since it differs from the subject 's fragmentary experience .

He declared that it provides time for the family to gather or the body to be transported home and it offers an opportunity for them to see the person in a state of peaceful repose .
he declared that it [gives] time for the family to gather or the body to be transported home and it offers an opportunity for them to see the person in a state of peaceful repose .

Electronic technology provides a single medium with the power to integrate diverse types of information .
electronic technology [gives] a single medium with the power to integrate diverse types of information .

Last autumn , the price board proposed amendments that , among other things , would limit the price of a new drug that provides moderate or no improvement over existing drugs to the median international price or the price of all drugs in that category .
last autumn , the price board proposed amendments that , among other things , would limit the price of a new drug that [gives] moderate or no improvement over existing drugs to the median international price or the price of all drugs in that category .

In return , Clarke provides Fujitsu with the computational chemistry software .
in return , clarke [gives] fujitsu with the computational chemistry software .

This latter approximation is reasonable for dilute solutions and provides a measure of the relative viscosity η r
this latter approximation is reasonable for dilute solutions and [gives] a measure of the relative viscosity η r

resonance line , then provides a sensitive measure of low frequency internal motions in solid polymers and can be used to study transitions and segmental rotations in the polymer sample .
resonance line , then [gives] a sensitive measure of low frequency internal motions in solid polymers and can be used to study transitions and segmental rotations in the polymer sample .

Similarly provides a measure of the isotactic content .
similarly [gives] a measure of the isotactic content .

The alignment of polymer chains at specific distances from one another to form crystalline nuclei will be assisted when intermolecular forces are strong . The greater this interaction between chains the more favourable will be the energy parameter and this provides some indication of the type of chain which might be expected to crystallize from the melt , viz.
the alignment of polymer chains at specific distances from one another to form crystalline nuclei will be assisted when intermolecular forces are strong . the greater this interaction between chains the more favourable will be the energy parameter and this [gives] some indication of the type of chain which might be expected to crystallize from the melt , viz.

This provides a measure of the overall crystallization rate .
this [gives] a measure of the overall crystallization rate .

The value of the modulus provides a good indication of the state of the polymer and can be obtained from the curve .
the value of the modulus [gives] a good indication of the state of the polymer and can be obtained from the curve .

This provides a measure of the viscous resistance experienced by a chain and is characteristic of a given polymer at a particular temperature .
this [gives] a measure of the viscous resistance experienced by a chain and is characteristic of a given polymer at a particular temperature .

The design and testing of computer simulation models provides a valuable way of testing the consequences of an idea or theory .
the design and testing of computer simulation models [gives] a valuable way of testing the consequences of an idea or theory .

This provides a large number of scores for each product , one for each factor , which is then multiplied by the appropriate weighting , giving a weighted score .
this [gives] a large number of scores for each product , one for each factor , which is then multiplied by the appropriate weighting , giving a weighted score .

The average selling price , together with the estimates of sales volume , provides the total estimated income from the project .
the average selling price , together with the estimates of sales volume , [gives] the total estimated income from the project .

Reviewing the progress of the project in terms of the network provides feedback to the project control system .
reviewing the progress of the project in terms of the network [gives] feedback to the project control system .

The diagram provides a complete and updated history of the progress of the project on a single sheet of paper .
the diagram [gives] a complete and updated history of the progress of the project on a single sheet of paper .

Added value pays wages and provides profits .
added value pays wages and [gives] profits .

The lowest row provides for identifying high-cost functions that should be given special attention .
the lowest row [gives] for identifying high-cost functions that should be given special attention .

It also provides advice to the Executive Chairman on remuneration and conditions of employment of senior executives .
it also [gives] advice to the executive chairman on remuneration and conditions of employment of senior executives .

The equation of abstract painting and music is long established and provides a genre in which Oulton 's work may be seen against the likes of Mark Rothko .
the equation of abstract painting and music is long established and [gives] a genre in which oulton 's work may be seen against the likes of mark rothko .

The farmer provides the building , labour , gas , electricity , bedding , etc .
the farmer [gives] the building , labour , gas , electricity , bedding , etc .

's new bin now provides an effective air seal and ‘ buffer ’ time for the fat to be fully absorbed .
's new bin now [gives] an effective air seal and ‘ buffer ’ time for the fat to be fully absorbed .

It is this diversity which provides the fresh and stimulating argument which makes the Cambridge Seminar format so successful — and it is much helped by the differing backgrounds of the members .
it is this diversity which [gives] the fresh and stimulating argument which makes the cambridge seminar format so successful — and it is much helped by the differing backgrounds of the members .

It is , however , not only a story of what happened in the Old and New Testament but also provides guidance on how to live , tells of the life to come and gives protection against spirits and devils .
it is , however , not only a story of what happened in the old and new testament but also [gives] guidance on how to live , tells of the life to come and gives protection against spirits and devils .

This letter provides details of the resolutions to be proposed at the meeting along with the formal notice calling it and a proxy card to enable you to cast your vote at it .
this letter [gives] details of the resolutions to be proposed at the meeting along with the formal notice calling it and a proxy card to enable you to cast your vote at it .

The Dawson International Executive Share Option Scheme 1993 ( ‘ the Executive Scheme ’ ) provides for share options to be granted to those senior employees who are most in a position to affect the fortunes of the Company .
the dawson international executive share option scheme 1993 ( ‘ the executive scheme ’ ) [gives] for share options to be granted to those senior employees who are most in a position to affect the fortunes of the company .

Civil society provides , perhaps , the key means by which deeprooted emotional drives can be realised .
civil society [gives] , perhaps , the key means by which deeprooted emotional drives can be realised .

In focusing on that sphere of life which provides the greatest potential for the expression of individual autonomy , urban sociology is uniquely equipped to chart a path out of the ‘ iron cage ’ which Weber believed was encompassing the whole of modern society .
in focusing on that sphere of life which [gives] the greatest potential for the expression of individual autonomy , urban sociology is uniquely equipped to chart a path out of the ‘ iron cage ’ which weber believed was encompassing the whole of modern society .

So , perhaps unsurprisingly , it is this aspect of the home and the security it provides which is of central importance to the poor .
so , perhaps unsurprisingly , it is this aspect of the home and the security it [gives] which is of central importance to the poor .

Our emphasis on human nature outlined at the beginning of this study provides a large part of the answer .
our emphasis on human nature outlined at the beginning of this study [gives] a large part of the answer .

‘ Homeland ’ again provides a strong sense of solidarity , collective enterprise , community , kinship and religious ties .
‘ homeland ’ again [gives] a strong sense of solidarity , collective enterprise , community , kinship and religious ties .

The model produced provides an excellent and novel way of viewing the business .
the model produced [gives] an excellent and novel way of viewing the business .

This model enables the computer specialist to design appropriate computer systems for the organisation , but it also provides management with a unique tool for perceiving the business process .
this model enables the computer specialist to design appropriate computer systems for the organisation , but it also [gives] management with a unique tool for perceiving the business process .

The concept of object identity provides one distinction .
the concept of object identity [gives] one distinction .

All this provides a flexibility not found in other models .
all this [gives] a flexibility not found in other models .

They are appropriate in different circumstances but each provides simple , clear , and unambiguous ways of describing the logic of what happens in a particular process .
they are appropriate in different circumstances but each [gives] simple , clear , and unambiguous ways of describing the logic of what happens in a particular process .

One of the very positive aspects of the information centre is that is provides choice rather than immediate solutions ( which may not match the requirements ) .
one of the very positive aspects of the information centre is that is [gives] choice rather than immediate solutions ( which may not match the requirements ) .

Calico printing provides an interesting example .
calico printing [gives] an interesting example .

As Professor Stone has pointed out , while the growing demand for goods and services is a central feature of eighteenth-century England and provides `` the most striking evidence of the rise of the `` middling sort `` `` , the really hard evidence comes from the supply side , from the output growth of the goods and services in question .
as professor stone has pointed out , while the growing demand for goods and services is a central feature of eighteenth-century england and [gives] `` the most striking evidence of the rise of the `` middling sort `` `` , the really hard evidence comes from the supply side , from the output growth of the goods and services in question .

The background provides the framework ; get this right and the rest will follow .
the background [gives] the framework ; get this right and the rest will follow .

While this is less common now you can fit phone sockets all around the house , the hall still provides a useful central place for a phone , and if you decide on this option , you will need a chair , table and space for directories .
while this is less common now you can fit phone sockets all around the house , the hall still [gives] a useful central place for a phone , and if you decide on this option , you will need a chair , table and space for directories .

Another great aid to any part-time dining area is the trolley or serving cart which makes a valuable link between kitchen and eating area , is useful for transportation of food and dishes , and in addition provides storage and an extra serving surface .
another great aid to any part-time dining area is the trolley or serving cart which makes a valuable link between kitchen and eating area , is useful for transportation of food and dishes , and in addition [gives] storage and an extra serving surface .

Output 1 is to a mini-printer and provides hard copy of all messages and measurements output by the instrument .
output 1 is to a mini-printer and [gives] hard copy of all messages and measurements output by the instrument .

The real world in which we live unfortunately provides us with several inevitable distortions .
the real world in which we live unfortunately [gives] us with several inevitable distortions .

First , greater scientific uncertainty about the greenhouse effect provides an excuse for the big polluters who have the strongest interest in delaying a change of policy .
first , greater scientific uncertainty about the greenhouse effect [gives] an excuse for the big polluters who have the strongest interest in delaying a change of policy .

Second , the state provides public goods that can be consumed by the poor , even if they have not paid any taxes to finance these goods .
second , the state [gives] public goods that can be consumed by the poor , even if they have not paid any taxes to finance these goods .

The fact that alcohol and tobacco have farmful externalities provides another reason for taxing them heavily .
the fact that alcohol and tobacco have farmful externalities [gives] another reason for taxing them heavily .

Unless the externality can be priced ( charging suburban users but not city dwellers for entry to subsidized galleries and opera houses ) , the most efficient solution is to widen the geographical area of each local government until it includes most of the people who will use the public services it provides .
unless the externality can be priced ( charging suburban users but not city dwellers for entry to subsidized galleries and opera houses ) , the most efficient solution is to widen the geographical area of each local government until it includes most of the people who will use the public services it [gives] .

In Chapter 10 we saw that existing oligopolists would have an incentive to advertise too much , not because advertising provides additional consumer information about the product , but because it raises the fixed cost of being in the industry , thereby making it harder for new firms to enter the industry .
in chapter 10 we saw that existing oligopolists would have an incentive to advertise too much , not because advertising [gives] additional consumer information about the product , but because it raises the fixed cost of being in the industry , thereby making it harder for new firms to enter the industry .

The temporary monopoly provides , before the fact , the assurance that if the search for a new discovery is successful the inventor will be able to cash up after the fact .
the temporary monopoly [gives] , before the fact , the assurance that if the search for a new discovery is successful the inventor will be able to cash up after the fact .

Provided either competition or effective regulation provides adequate discipline on private managers , on balance , companies will tend to achieve lower cost curves in the private sector than in the public sector .
provided either competition or effective regulation [gives] adequate discipline on private managers , on balance , companies will tend to achieve lower cost curves in the private sector than in the public sector .

With dynamic input the order in which the pixels are formed is known and provides accurate stroke-position and time-sequence information .
with dynamic input the order in which the pixels are formed is known and [gives] accurate stroke-position and time-sequence information .

Writing also provides a permanent representation , hence the writing may be manually edited , thereby simplifying the identification of false starts .
writing also [gives] a permanent representation , hence the writing may be manually edited , thereby simplifying the identification of false starts .

Analysis of the eye fixations that people make when reading provides some insight into what visual information is being processed .
analysis of the eye fixations that people make when reading [gives] some insight into what visual information is being processed .

This provides a number of advantages .
this [gives] a number of advantages .

: ’ provides a word with which the reader should compare a word with .
: ’ [gives] a word with which the reader should compare a word with .

The dictionary also provides a more complete set of grammatical tags than the corpus .
the dictionary also [gives] a more complete set of grammatical tags than the corpus .

From this it is deduced that the lexicon provides adequate but not complete coverage .
from this it is deduced that the lexicon [gives] adequate but not complete coverage .

Compares the use of three different sets of formulae to determine which provides the best model to employ for bigram and trigram models .
compares the use of three different sets of formulae to determine which [gives] the best model to employ for bigram and trigram models .

Similarly , the semantic processor operates in a very similar manner to the syntactic processor and simply provides a semantic rating .
similarly , the semantic processor operates in a very similar manner to the syntactic processor and simply [gives] a semantic rating .

Statistical processing provides a simple , efficient method for picking the correct words based on local neighbourhood .
statistical processing [gives] a simple , efficient method for picking the correct words based on local neighbourhood .

The programme provides us with a quaint selection of Sons , Brides and other relations of Frankenstein , all based on some English lady 's knock-off of Rabbi Judah Loewe and the golem of Prague .
the programme [gives] us with a quaint selection of sons , brides and other relations of frankenstein , all based on some english lady 's knock-off of rabbi judah loewe and the golem of prague .

‘ The Luciferi have a spy , a very high-ranking spy , at the English court who provides the French with information about Henry 's plans against France , even before such plans are implemented .
‘ the luciferi have a spy , a very high-ranking spy , at the english court who [gives] the french with information about henry 's plans against france , even before such plans are implemented .

Today cocaine earns Bolivia as much as its entire formal economy and provides a livelihood for one family in six .
today cocaine earns bolivia as much as its entire formal economy and [gives] a livelihood for one family in six .

Peasant farmers , the majority of the population , are switching from food crops to coca , which yields far higher profits , grows easily and provides four harvests a year .
peasant farmers , the majority of the population , are switching from food crops to coca , which yields far higher profits , grows easily and [gives] four harvests a year .

Could the Texas school officials have a hidden agenda ? This is a state where the arms industry provides a large number of jobs .
could the texas school officials have a hidden agenda ? this is a state where the arms industry [gives] a large number of jobs .

The cocoa trade provides a stark reflection of the power relations behind South-North trade .
the cocoa trade [gives] a stark reflection of the power relations behind south-north trade .

The unity of the ending is a fairy tale happy-ever-after that provides a jolting contrast to the grimly realistic descriptions of misogyny and racial hatred .
the unity of the ending is a fairy tale happy-ever-after that [gives] a jolting contrast to the grimly realistic descriptions of misogyny and racial hatred .

We know that such a humane , therapeutic community which provides predictability , certainty and continuity of experience can gradually replace the patient 's pseudo-reality with a new reality , promoting a resolution of painful tensions and enhancing self-esteem .
we know that such a humane , therapeutic community which [gives] predictability , certainty and continuity of experience can gradually replace the patient 's pseudo-reality with a new reality , promoting a resolution of painful tensions and enhancing self-esteem .

Zimbabwe provides the model — and the lesson that Green Revolution techniques only really work when they are part of a total package that includes radical social reform alongside the free-market measures .
zimbabwe [gives] the model — and the lesson that green revolution techniques only really work when they are part of a total package that includes radical social reform alongside the free-market measures .

Consumption is demand ; demand brings enterprisal growth ; and growth provides the means for still more consumption .
consumption is demand ; demand brings enterprisal growth ; and growth [gives] the means for still more consumption .

The cult of the warrior hero provides the overwhelming context for constructing the male identity today .
the cult of the warrior hero [gives] the overwhelming context for constructing the male identity today .

But Mashelle emphasizes the value of cassava to Tanzania and Africa as a whole , noting that it provides more than half the calorie needs of 200 million Africans .
but mashelle emphasizes the value of cassava to tanzania and africa as a whole , noting that it [gives] more than half the calorie needs of 200 million africans .

It should be in the form not of a ‘ plan of action ’ but rather of a manifesto , which provides the framework of a sustained commitment to , and implementation of , development goals and their operational components , and embodies institutional mechanisms for continuous negotiation , monitoring , appraisal , criticism and modification .
it should be in the form not of a ‘ plan of action ’ but rather of a manifesto , which [gives] the framework of a sustained commitment to , and implementation of , development goals and their operational components , and embodies institutional mechanisms for continuous negotiation , monitoring , appraisal , criticism and modification .

It provides links between businesses and students so that students know what the businesses need and the businesses know how they can influence the schools .
it [gives] links between businesses and students so that students know what the businesses need and the businesses know how they can influence the schools .

The crisis has been created by the Government and it provides the context in which there have been tremendous implications for training .
the crisis has been created by the government and it [gives] the context in which there have been tremendous implications for training .

Section 4(1) of the 1981 Act provides : ’ Subject to this section a person is not guilty of contempt of court under the strict liability rule in respect of a fair and accurate report of legal proceeding held in public , published contemporaneously and in good faith . ’
section 4(1) of the 1981 act [gives] : ’ subject to this section a person is not guilty of contempt of court under the strict liability rule in respect of a fair and accurate report of legal proceeding held in public , published contemporaneously and in good faith . ’

Paragraph 610 of the Bar code provides , first : ’ Counsel must not make statements or ask questions which are merely scandalous or intended or calculated only to vilify insult or annoy either a witness or some other person ; counsel must if possible avoid the naming in open Court of third parties whose characters would thereby be impugned ; counsel must not suggest that a witness or other person is guilty of crime , fraud or misconduct or attribute to another person the crime or conduct of which his lay client is accused ’
paragraph 610 of the bar code [gives] , first : ’ counsel must not make statements or ask questions which are merely scandalous or intended or calculated only to vilify insult or annoy either a witness or some other person ; counsel must if possible avoid the naming in open court of third parties whose characters would thereby be impugned ; counsel must not suggest that a witness or other person is guilty of crime , fraud or misconduct or attribute to another person the crime or conduct of which his lay client is accused ’

The table which the college provides shows clearly that half the losses would be experienced by cereal farmers , a quarter by sheep farmers and the rest by farmers with beef , suckler cow and dairy herds .
the table which the college [gives] shows clearly that half the losses would be experienced by cereal farmers , a quarter by sheep farmers and the rest by farmers with beef , suckler cow and dairy herds .

It provides a great contrast to many other parts of England .
it [gives] a great contrast to many other parts of england .

Any amendment to the law that provides an aggravated penalty for someone who could not have foreseen that for which he is sentenced must be wrong .
any amendment to the law that [gives] an aggravated penalty for someone who could not have foreseen that for which he is sentenced must be wrong .

Section 6 ( 3 ) of the 1987 Act provides for statutory conditions of service to continue to apply to existing contracts until new provision is made .
section 6 ( 3 ) of the 1987 act [gives] for statutory conditions of service to continue to apply to existing contracts until new provision is made .

In Withington , we have such a centre , which provides domiciliary care , meals , laundry services , recreation services , shopping facilities and companionship .
in withington , we have such a centre , which [gives] domiciliary care , meals , laundry services , recreation services , shopping facilities and companionship .

The treaty text on political union provides for enhanced intergovernmental co-operation on foreign and security policy , on defence policy and in the fight against terrorism , drug trafficking and other crimes .
the treaty text on political union [gives] for enhanced intergovernmental co-operation on foreign and security policy , on defence policy and in the fight against terrorism , drug trafficking and other crimes .

The text provides for joint action in foreign policy , building on what was already agreed in the Single European Act .
the text [gives] for joint action in foreign policy , building on what was already agreed in the single european act .

It provides that the Council may , but only by unanimity , designate certain decisions to be taken by qualified majority voting .
it [gives] that the council may , but only by unanimity , designate certain decisions to be taken by qualified majority voting .

This order now provides for the full year 's 4.1 per cent increase to be applied from April to the October rates , even though they will have been in place for only six months .
this order now [gives] for the full year 's 4.1 per cent increase to be applied from april to the october rates , even though they will have been in place for only six months .

The exception , of course , is those less well-off pensioners who are disabled or over 80 , where the order provides for additional increases of £1 a week for a single pensioner and £1.50 for a couple , over and above the 7 per cent .
the exception , of course , is those less well-off pensioners who are disabled or over 80 , where the order [gives] for additional increases of £1 a week for a single pensioner and £1.50 for a couple , over and above the 7 per cent .

The Territorial Army provides a reassuring military presence throughout the country .
the territorial army [gives] a reassuring military presence throughout the country .

The Territorial Army also provides important social functions , discipline , comradeship , leadership training , both mental and physical fitness , and a great sense of patriotism , all of which are important and should be encouraged .
the territorial army also [gives] important social functions , discipline , comradeship , leadership training , both mental and physical fitness , and a great sense of patriotism , all of which are important and should be encouraged .

Nothing that has happened in the recent cases provides any reason whatsoever for people who are liable to pay the community charge failing to do so .
nothing that has happened in the recent cases [gives] any reason whatsoever for people who are liable to pay the community charge failing to do so .

It provides for the setting of guaranteed service standards and for customers to know the service that they will receive .
it [gives] for the setting of guaranteed service standards and for customers to know the service that they will receive .

It provides for compensation where individual performance standards are not met .
it [gives] for compensation where individual performance standards are not met .

Local government is anxious to provide better value , to improve management , and to seek competitive bids for many of the services that it provides .
local government is anxious to provide better value , to improve management , and to seek competitive bids for many of the services that it [gives] .

We believe that all peoples need to have one day in the week which is different , and which provides an opportunity for varied forms of community life and activity .
we believe that all peoples need to have one day in the week which is different , and which [gives] an opportunity for varied forms of community life and activity .

These measures will add significantly to the protection which our legislation already provides against strikes which are deliberately targeted on the life of the community .
these measures will add significantly to the protection which our legislation already [gives] against strikes which are deliberately targeted on the life of the community .

The Bill provides for the direct payment to qualifying lenders of the mortgage interest component of income support .
the bill [gives] for the direct payment to qualifying lenders of the mortgage interest component of income support .

Those arrangements have already proved to be a useful interim measure — but they are only that , pending the introduction of the Bill , which provides for a much more comprehensive scheme .
those arrangements have already proved to be a useful interim measure — but they are only that , pending the introduction of the bill , which [gives] for a much more comprehensive scheme .

The Bill provides a scheme to recreate in Scotland a Parliament with all the dignity and style to which the Scottish people are entitled .
the bill [gives] a scheme to recreate in scotland a parliament with all the dignity and style to which the scottish people are entitled .

The Bill provides that a Scottish Parliament would have the right to vary upwards or downwards from the United Kingdom 's established level of personal income tax .
the bill [gives] that a scottish parliament would have the right to vary upwards or downwards from the united kingdom 's established level of personal income tax .

The time that this timetable motion provides for the Committee stage will be ample for consideration of the issues that the House as a whole has shown it wishes to raise .
the time that this timetable motion [gives] for the committee stage will be ample for consideration of the issues that the house as a whole has shown it wishes to raise .

One of the differences , in my view , is that it provides a foot in the door for extremist parties of the sort that we do not want in Britain .
one of the differences , in my view , is that it [gives] a foot in the door for extremist parties of the sort that we do not want in britain .

The Universities Funding Council provides substantial funding on research-based criteria for the humanities .
the universities funding council [gives] substantial funding on research-based criteria for the humanities .

The right hon. Gentleman will be aware that the draft of the treaty at Maastricht today provides for the improvement of employees ' working conditions , for legal protection and for entitlement to consultation and to information . When other Community Governments are prepared —
the right hon. gentleman will be aware that the draft of the treaty at maastricht today [gives] for the improvement of employees ' working conditions , for legal protection and for entitlement to consultation and to information . when other community governments are prepared —

Does the Secretary of State agree with Duncan McNeill , whom he appointed to promote his hospital trusts , that trust status provides an alternative to operating and remaining within the mainstream national health service ? Does he realise that for patients throughout Scotland , including those in the Edinburgh royal infirmary and the Royal hospital for sick children , that is a chilling message ?
does the secretary of state agree with duncan mcneill , whom he appointed to promote his hospital trusts , that trust status [gives] an alternative to operating and remaining within the mainstream national health service ? does he realise that for patients throughout scotland , including those in the edinburgh royal infirmary and the royal hospital for sick children , that is a chilling message ?

Does my hon. Friend accept that military research and development provides a significant technological spin-off for civilian use ? Does he accept , therefore , that if more of the research sponsored by his Department were replaced by competitive tendering by universities , research associations or private companies , the benefits for non-military use could be greatly enhanced ?
does my hon. friend accept that military research and development [gives] a significant technological spin-off for civilian use ? does he accept , therefore , that if more of the research sponsored by his department were replaced by competitive tendering by universities , research associations or private companies , the benefits for non-military use could be greatly enhanced ?

He did not mention Cray Marine , a firm in his constituency that provides the Torpedo-handling system for the type 23s .
he did not mention cray marine , a firm in his constituency that [gives] the torpedo-handling system for the type 23s .

The treaty of Rome provides under article 237 that ’ any European state ’ may apply to become a member of the Community .
the treaty of rome [gives] under article 237 that ’ any european state ’ may apply to become a member of the community .

Training Services in my constituency last week and that its programme is already providing an environmental study centre at Basildon zoo , a garden for St. Luke 's hospice at Basildon hospital and recreational facilities for the Charitable Printers Trust and that it is restoring old churches in my constituency ? Does my hon. Friend agree that such a programme not only provides high-quality training but helps to enhance life in our local communities ?
training services in my constituency last week and that its programme is already providing an environmental study centre at basildon zoo , a garden for st. luke 's hospice at basildon hospital and recreational facilities for the charitable printers trust and that it is restoring old churches in my constituency ? does my hon. friend agree that such a programme not only [gives] high-quality training but helps to enhance life in our local communities ?

It is doing so in many parts of the world , and that provides export and job opportunities .
it is doing so in many parts of the world , and that [gives] export and job opportunities .

Will the Secretary of State take a little time to reflect on a previous answer on non-proliferation ? How can he , in logic or in practice , sustain a position whereby he is asking the Soviet Union , as was , to dismantle its nuclear deterrents while he is embarking on a system in which each missile provides the equivalent of 80 Hiroshima bombs ? The Secretary of State talked about cost . How can he justify a cost per job in the strategic deterrent of £352,000 in a world in which the major powers are building down and renouncing weapons but he is building up ?
will the secretary of state take a little time to reflect on a previous answer on non-proliferation ? how can he , in logic or in practice , sustain a position whereby he is asking the soviet union , as was , to dismantle its nuclear deterrents while he is embarking on a system in which each missile [gives] the equivalent of 80 hiroshima bombs ? the secretary of state talked about cost . how can he justify a cost per job in the strategic deterrent of £352,000 in a world in which the major powers are building down and renouncing weapons but he is building up ?

Does my right hon. Friend agree that the encouragement of savings is important not simply because it gives security to the saver but because it provides funds for investment in the future of our country ? Will he give an assurance that a future Conservative Government will take measures further to encourage savings ? Will he condemn the narrow-minded and vindictive savings tax proposed by the Labour party ?
does my right hon. friend agree that the encouragement of savings is important not simply because it gives security to the saver but because it [gives] funds for investment in the future of our country ? will he give an assurance that a future conservative government will take measures further to encourage savings ? will he condemn the narrow-minded and vindictive savings tax proposed by the labour party ?

The main Bill scraps the poll tax and provides local finance through the establishment of a new council tax .
the main bill scraps the poll tax and [gives] local finance through the establishment of a new council tax .

The Local Government Bill provides for compulsory competitive tendering and creeping privatisation .
the local government bill [gives] for compulsory competitive tendering and creeping privatisation .

The Bill therefore provides that students , student nurses , apprentices , youth trainees and other categories , who are currently only partially exempt from the community charge , will not , if they are resident in a dwelling , add to the council tax liability of that dwelling .
the bill therefore [gives] that students , student nurses , apprentices , youth trainees and other categories , who are currently only partially exempt from the community charge , will not , if they are resident in a dwelling , add to the council tax liability of that dwelling .

Because our course for abolishing the poll tax provides a guarantee that it can be done , because we shall pick up an existing system that we know will work .
because our course for abolishing the poll tax [gives] a guarantee that it can be done , because we shall pick up an existing system that we know will work .

Clause 74 provides for the valuation bands into which dwellings are to be placed and which have already been described in the Domestic Property ( Valuation ) ( Scotland ) Regulations 1991 .
clause 74 [gives] for the valuation bands into which dwellings are to be placed and which have already been described in the domestic property ( valuation ) ( scotland ) regulations 1991 .

It also provides for the range of tax payable for the bands .
it also [gives] for the range of tax payable for the bands .

Clause 79 provides for discount where there is only one or no resident in the property .
clause 79 [gives] for discount where there is only one or no resident in the property .

Compulsory competitive tendering provides better services at lower cost to the charge payer in London .
compulsory competitive tendering [gives] better services at lower cost to the charge payer in london .

Some of my hon. Friends and the hon. Member for Glasgow , Provan ( Mr. Wray ) have suggested that central Government should pay more of the cost of local authority expenditure than the Bill provides for .
some of my hon. friends and the hon. member for glasgow , provan ( mr. wray ) have suggested that central government should pay more of the cost of local authority expenditure than the bill [gives] for .

The Bill provides no support for the genuine refugee or assistance with the resettlement of refugees here .
the bill [gives] no support for the genuine refugee or assistance with the resettlement of refugees here .

Paragraph 8 provides that , when an applicant is part of a group of individuals all making the same claim which is clearly unconnected with United Nations convention criteria , the group may be refused collectively .
paragraph 8 [gives] that , when an applicant is part of a group of individuals all making the same claim which is clearly unconnected with united nations convention criteria , the group may be refused collectively .

The Bill provides for the right to apply to and have papers considered by the adjudicator .
the bill [gives] for the right to apply to and have papers considered by the adjudicator .

It provides the framework for a negotiated settlement .
it [gives] the framework for a negotiated settlement .

As well as providing legislative protection , it underpins the collective agreement which provides for a basic shift of seven and a quarter hours plus winding time for underground workers and eight hours for surface workers .
as well as providing legislative protection , it underpins the collective agreement which [gives] for a basic shift of seven and a quarter hours plus winding time for underground workers and eight hours for surface workers .

The grant provides support for 90 per cent .
the grant [gives] support for 90 per cent .

The guest beer provision also provides opportunities .
the guest beer provision also [gives] opportunities .

The Bill provides a little extra competition and regulation on the margin , but it does not fundamentally transform the regime .
the bill [gives] a little extra competition and regulation on the margin , but it does not fundamentally transform the regime .

Clause 17 provides for the publication of crude league tables showing exam results , truancy rates and the destination of pupils once they have left school in Scotland .
clause 17 [gives] for the publication of crude league tables showing exam results , truancy rates and the destination of pupils once they have left school in scotland .

He provides the intellectual thrust and gravitas of the arguments of those who oppose monetary and political union .
he [gives] the intellectual thrust and gravitas of the arguments of those who oppose monetary and political union .

It provides English for speakers of other languages , training for employment , accreditation and qualifications , as well as many opportunities for those who wish to follow a variety of general adult education courses .
it [gives] english for speakers of other languages , training for employment , accreditation and qualifications , as well as many opportunities for those who wish to follow a variety of general adult education courses .

The Bill provides a clear duty for the provision of all kinds of further education for adults .
the bill [gives] a clear duty for the provision of all kinds of further education for adults .

It provides for the acquisition of land and rights associated with these main works .
it [gives] for the acquisition of land and rights associated with these main works .

It provides an opportunity for the docklands to be redeveloped as a high quality , high density part of the city itself .
it [gives] an opportunity for the docklands to be redeveloped as a high quality , high density part of the city itself .

It provides the greatest area of enclosed water , retains the operational use of Cardiff dock and provides the greatest opportunity for waterside development and water-related recreational uses .
it [gives] the greatest area of enclosed water , retains the operational use of cardiff dock and [gives] the greatest opportunity for waterside development and water-related recreational uses .

But the sonnet also provides a glimpse into the dilemmas of identity the Renaissance articulated .
but the sonnet also [gives] a glimpse into the dilemmas of identity the renaissance articulated .

Grand narrative , whether we recognise it or not , provides us with our markers of historical time and space .
grand narrative , whether we recognise it or not , [gives] us with our markers of historical time and space .

Ireland provides distinct evidence that civilisation in the hands of the few must be maintained by exclusivity ( Irenius insists that any social contact between English and Irish be suppressed and expressly advocates forbidding the English the opportunity of learning Gaelic ) .
ireland [gives] distinct evidence that civilisation in the hands of the few must be maintained by exclusivity ( irenius insists that any social contact between english and irish be suppressed and expressly advocates forbidding the english the opportunity of learning gaelic ) .

Sometimes the contract provides that ownership will be transferred at some later date .
sometimes the contract [gives] that ownership will be transferred at some later date .

It also provides that after six months , unsolicited goods are deemed to be an unconditional gift to the recipient .
it also [gives] that after six months , unsolicited goods are deemed to be an unconditional gift to the recipient .

Section 8 provides :
section 8 [gives] :

Section 9 provides that where he can not or does not make the valuation , the contract is avoided .
section 9 [gives] that where he can not or does not make the valuation , the contract is avoided .

Section 9(2) provides that where the valuation is prevented by the fault of one of the parties , the other may maintain an action for damages against the party at fault .
section 9(2) [gives] that where the valuation is prevented by the fault of one of the parties , the other may maintain an action for damages against the party at fault .

Finally , a contract is excepted if it provides credit of f35 or less ( unless it is a hire-purchase or conditional sale agreement ) .
finally , a contract is excepted if it [gives] credit of f35 or less ( unless it is a hire-purchase or conditional sale agreement ) .

Section 19 provides that , if the seller reserves a right of disposal of the goods until certain conditions are fulfilled , property does not pass until those conditions are fulfilled .
section 19 [gives] that , if the seller reserves a right of disposal of the goods until certain conditions are fulfilled , property does not pass until those conditions are fulfilled .

Section 6 provides :
section 6 [gives] :

Section 7 provides :
section 7 [gives] :

The Factors Act 1889 , section 2(1) provides :
the factors act 1889 , section 2(1) [gives] :

Broadly , a mercantile agent is an independent agent acting in a way of business to whom someone else entrusts his goods and upon whom is conferred authority of a type referred to in the Factors Act 1889 , section 1(1) . That section provides :
broadly , a mercantile agent is an independent agent acting in a way of business to whom someone else entrusts his goods and upon whom is conferred authority of a type referred to in the factors act 1889 , section 1(1) . that section [gives] :

Section 22 of the Sale of Goods Act provides :
section 22 of the sale of goods act [gives] :

Section 23 of the Sale of Goods Act provides :
section 23 of the sale of goods act [gives] :

Two provisions in two different statutes are almost identical , section 24 of the Sale of Goods Act and section 8 of the Factors Act 1889 . Section 8 provides :
two provisions in two different statutes are almost identical , section 24 of the sale of goods act and section 8 of the factors act 1889 . section 8 [gives] :

The credit card company is the person who provides the credit ( i. e. is the creditor ) and therefore the buyer may be able to bring a claim against the credit card company for a misrepresentation by the seller .
the credit card company is the person who [gives] the credit ( i. e. is the creditor ) and therefore the buyer may be able to bring a claim against the credit card company for a misrepresentation by the seller .

Now , i.e. since 1973 , there is a statutory definition of ‘ merchantable quality . ’ Section 14(6) of the Sale of Goods Act provides :
now , i.e. since 1973 , there is a statutory definition of ‘ merchantable quality . ’ section 14(6) of the sale of goods act [gives] :

Section 15 provides :
section 15 [gives] :

Perfect competition , a market structure in which there are so many buyers and sellers that no one of them individually can affect price , provides the theoretical conditions under which the market will allocate resources optimally .
perfect competition , a market structure in which there are so many buyers and sellers that no one of them individually can affect price , [gives] the theoretical conditions under which the market will allocate resources optimally .

Levačić ( Chapter 2 ) provides an overview and summary of the market failure and equity issues in the evaluation of market coordination .
levačić ( chapter 2 ) [gives] an overview and summary of the market failure and equity issues in the evaluation of market coordination .

One is contracting out to private sector firms the production of goods and services which the state provides free or at subsidized prices to consumers .
one is contracting out to private sector firms the production of goods and services which the state [gives] free or at subsidized prices to consumers .

The political basis of society is also held to rest on voluntary agreement , in the sense that citizens are conceived of entering into an implicit social contract whereby each surrenders the liberty to do whatever he wants and agrees to pay taxes and abide by laws in exchange for the advantages of living in a governed society , which provides him with law and order and , nowadays , a whole range of goods and services .
the political basis of society is also held to rest on voluntary agreement , in the sense that citizens are conceived of entering into an implicit social contract whereby each surrenders the liberty to do whatever he wants and agrees to pay taxes and abide by laws in exchange for the advantages of living in a governed society , which [gives] him with law and order and , nowadays , a whole range of goods and services .

Efficiency provides one important criterion against which to assess how well markets or government perform their allocative function with respect to different types of goods and services .
efficiency [gives] one important criterion against which to assess how well markets or government perform their allocative function with respect to different types of goods and services .

It also explains why the bulk of basic research , which provides technical knowledge that is non-rivalrous in use and largely non-excludable , is funded by governments .
it also explains why the bulk of basic research , which [gives] technical knowledge that is non-rivalrous in use and largely non-excludable , is funded by governments .

Market failure due to informational inadequacies provides the underlying theoretical rationale for Keynesian macroeconomic policy as a cure for unemployment .
market failure due to informational inadequacies [gives] the underlying theoretical rationale for keynesian macroeconomic policy as a cure for unemployment .

The recent addition of information from the 1981 Census provides a unique opportunity for studies of socio-economic and demographic change for 500,000 individuals and households .
the recent addition of information from the 1981 census [gives] a unique opportunity for studies of socio-economic and demographic change for 500,000 individuals and households .

In addition , the research provides a detailed account of the mental processes that are used as the reader understands each new word in a sentence .
in addition , the research [gives] a detailed account of the mental processes that are used as the reader understands each new word in a sentence .

The cold water cistern provides a reserve of water in case the mains should be cut off for any reason , and because the system ( apart from the rising main ) operates at a lower pressure it is quieter .
the cold water cistern [gives] a reserve of water in case the mains should be cut off for any reason , and because the system ( apart from the rising main ) operates at a lower pressure it is quieter .

Ideally , these are taken from an Economy 7 controller , which automatically brings on the lower ( or longer ) element at night and provides for a short ‘ topup ’ during the day with the upper ( or shorter ) element .
ideally , these are taken from an economy 7 controller , which automatically brings on the lower ( or longer ) element at night and [gives] for a short ‘ topup ’ during the day with the upper ( or shorter ) element .

It is unlikely these days that you would want a new back boiler to provide all your central heating needs , but you may well want to replace one which provides domestic hot water .
it is unlikely these days that you would want a new back boiler to provide all your central heating needs , but you may well want to replace one which [gives] domestic hot water .

Oxley-Kingswinsford provides the final chapter .
oxley-kingswinsford [gives] the final chapter .

the alphabetical index which provides an entry vocabulary or a list of terms for first consultation , as well as identification of the place of a subject within the scheme .
the alphabetical index which [gives] an entry vocabulary or a list of terms for first consultation , as well as identification of the place of a subject within the scheme .

The notation from the Tables provides systematic mnemonics to a limited extent , since the same notation is used for a concept whichever main class number it qualifies .
the notation from the tables [gives] systematic mnemonics to a limited extent , since the same notation is used for a concept whichever main class number it qualifies .

Thus , 534–6 ( Subsonic vibrations ) provides -6 which can be applied with 534.63 ( Measurement of frequency ) to give 534.63–6 ( Measurement of the frequency of subsonic vibrations ) .
thus , 534–6 ( subsonic vibrations ) [gives] -6 which can be applied with 534.63 ( measurement of frequency ) to give 534.63–6 ( measurement of the frequency of subsonic vibrations ) .

Apart from its undoubted value in its own right , Sears ' provides a valuable model or point of departure for others wishing to devise alphabetical subject headings lists for applications in which Sears ' itself would not be appropriate .
apart from its undoubted value in its own right , sears ' [gives] a valuable model or point of departure for others wishing to devise alphabetical subject headings lists for applications in which sears ' itself would not be appropriate .

Milstead reviews some packages for personal computers , while Rowley provides an analysis of packages that are available as integral modules in text information management systems ( see Reading list ) .
milstead reviews some packages for personal computers , while rowley [gives] an analysis of packages that are available as integral modules in text information management systems ( see reading list ) .

The value of such studies is that they show plainly the ubiquity of popular political action , which may be diffuse , episodic , lacking any clearly formulated doctrine , or expressing itself mainly in religious or cultural terms , but always provides a matrix from which political organizations can emerge in favourable circumstances .
the value of such studies is that they show plainly the ubiquity of popular political action , which may be diffuse , episodic , lacking any clearly formulated doctrine , or expressing itself mainly in religious or cultural terms , but always [gives] a matrix from which political organizations can emerge in favourable circumstances .

Stateless societies are so constituted that the kaleidoscopic succession of concrete social situations provides the stimulus that motivates each individual to act for his own interest or for that of close kin and neighbours with whom he is so totally involved , in a manner which maintains the fabric of society … the lack of specialized roles and the resulting multiplex quality of social networks mean that neither economic nor political ends can be exclusively pursued by anyone to the detriment of society , because the ends are intertwined with each other and further channelled by ritual and controlled by the beliefs which ritual expresses .
stateless societies are so constituted that the kaleidoscopic succession of concrete social situations [gives] the stimulus that motivates each individual to act for his own interest or for that of close kin and neighbours with whom he is so totally involved , in a manner which maintains the fabric of society … the lack of specialized roles and the resulting multiplex quality of social networks mean that neither economic nor political ends can be exclusively pursued by anyone to the detriment of society , because the ends are intertwined with each other and further channelled by ritual and controlled by the beliefs which ritual expresses .

Mannheim 's comparison between belonging to a generation and belonging to a class also provides a model for the analysis of other important ‘ common locations ’ , such as those constituted by ethnicity or gender .
mannheim 's comparison between belonging to a generation and belonging to a class also [gives] a model for the analysis of other important ‘ common locations ’ , such as those constituted by ethnicity or gender .

More important , although most Marxist thinkers have taken it as a model , it provides no reliable guide to future social transformations .
more important , although most marxist thinkers have taken it as a model , it [gives] no reliable guide to future social transformations .

The ‘ two prongs of nationalism ’ , he suggests , ‘ tend to be a proletariat and an intelligentsia ’ : the former is first uprooted and then gradually incorporated in a new national community ; the latter provides new cultural definitions of group membership which are widely diffused with the development of mass literacy and a national educational system which industrialization itself makes necessary .
the ‘ two prongs of nationalism ’ , he suggests , ‘ tend to be a proletariat and an intelligentsia ’ : the former is first uprooted and then gradually incorporated in a new national community ; the latter [gives] new cultural definitions of group membership which are widely diffused with the development of mass literacy and a national educational system which industrialization itself makes necessary .

These differences influenced success or failure just as they did in earlier state-making attempts , especially through their effect upon economic growth , which not only provides resources for extending the state apparatus and developing national education , but is also a major factor in conferring legitimacy upon the regime .
these differences influenced success or failure just as they did in earlier state-making attempts , especially through their effect upon economic growth , which not only [gives] resources for extending the state apparatus and developing national education , but is also a major factor in conferring legitimacy upon the regime .

His two pamphlets written during the First World War ( Durkheim , 1915a , 1915b ) show a total disregard — astonishing in a sociologist — for the social causes of the war ; the first provides a brief diplomatic history of the events leading up to the war , intended to demonstrate German ‘ guilt ’ , while the second naively analyses , during the postwar period , in nationalist movements and the formation of nation states is easily understandable , since it coincided in the first place with an upsurge of nationalism directed specifically against the economic and political dominance of the Western capitalist countries — where the great majority of sociologists live and work — which created an entirely new situation and new problems for those countries .
his two pamphlets written during the first world war ( durkheim , 1915a , 1915b ) show a total disregard — astonishing in a sociologist — for the social causes of the war ; the first [gives] a brief diplomatic history of the events leading up to the war , intended to demonstrate german ‘ guilt ’ , while the second naively analyses , during the postwar period , in nationalist movements and the formation of nation states is easily understandable , since it coincided in the first place with an upsurge of nationalism directed specifically against the economic and political dominance of the western capitalist countries — where the great majority of sociologists live and work — which created an entirely new situation and new problems for those countries .

The model described above provides a simple illustration of the effect of input-output relations and the need to allow for the indirect effects .
the model described above [gives] a simple illustration of the effect of input-output relations and the need to allow for the indirect effects .

In a sense , as we argue later , debt policy provides a lump-sum redistribution between different generations ; within limits , any depressing effect on savings caused by tax policy can be offset in a non-distortionary manner .
in a sense , as we argue later , debt policy [gives] a lump-sum redistribution between different generations ; within limits , any depressing effect on savings caused by tax policy can be offset in a non-distortionary manner .

This provides a striking example of how the long-run incidence may differ from that in the short-run .
this [gives] a striking example of how the long-run incidence may differ from that in the short-run .

( 8–23 ) ) , we can see that the proportional savings function provides a benchmark case .
( 8–23 ) ) , we can see that the proportional savings function [gives] a benchmark case .

This model provides considerable insight , but is not complete .
this model [gives] considerable insight , but is not complete .

The life-cycle model provides a convenient vehicle to discuss the alternative notion of the ‘ burden ’ of the debt being the reduction in lifetime utility .
the life-cycle model [gives] a convenient vehicle to discuss the alternative notion of the ‘ burden ’ of the debt being the reduction in lifetime utility .

Individuals are assumed to take account of current taxes but ignore the future tax liabilities created by the issuing of debt : ‘ society fools itself into consuming more , thinking that possession of government paper provides for its future ’ ( Tobin , 1965 , p. 681 ) .
individuals are assumed to take account of current taxes but ignore the future tax liabilities created by the issuing of debt : ‘ society fools itself into consuming more , thinking that possession of government paper [gives] for its future ’ ( tobin , 1965 , p. 681 ) .

The motives for bequests have been discussed in Lecture 3 , where we noted that the formulation underlying ( 9–12 ) provides no explanation as to why bequests enter the utility function .
the motives for bequests have been discussed in lecture 3 , where we noted that the formulation underlying ( 9–12 ) [gives] no explanation as to why bequests enter the utility function .

The model described in the last section provides a framework within which we can examine the effect of the government on the long-run development of wealth-holding .
the model described in the last section [gives] a framework within which we can examine the effect of the government on the long-run development of wealth-holding .

On the other hand , one 's belief as to which provides the ‘ best model ’ may be critical in determining the view taken about government policy .
on the other hand , one 's belief as to which [gives] the ‘ best model ’ may be critical in determining the view taken about government policy .

The median voter model provides strong predictions ; it does so however at the expense of strong assumptions ( including that voting is sincere and that there is a single dimension to the decisions being taken , aspects discussed later ) .
the median voter model [gives] strong predictions ; it does so however at the expense of strong assumptions ( including that voting is sincere and that there is a single dimension to the decisions being taken , aspects discussed later ) .

Under fairly weak conditions , with only one decision variable , such a ‘ local ’ equilibrium can be shown to exist ( Kramer and Klevorick , 1974 ) , but whether it provides a persuasive resolution to the ‘ majority voting paradox ’ depends on the extent to which choices are limited to small perturbations of the existing situation .
under fairly weak conditions , with only one decision variable , such a ‘ local ’ equilibrium can be shown to exist ( kramer and klevorick , 1974 ) , but whether it [gives] a persuasive resolution to the ‘ majority voting paradox ’ depends on the extent to which choices are limited to small perturbations of the existing situation .

None the less , the Niskanen model provides a suggestive starting point .
none the less , the niskanen model [gives] a suggestive starting point .

The idea that the non-German countries of Europe will be better off by linking their currencies and thus their economies — and , indeed , the lives of their citizens — to the Deutschmark provides a large part of the explanation of present establishment thinking and Federalist action throughout Europe .
the idea that the non-german countries of europe will be better off by linking their currencies and thus their economies — and , indeed , the lives of their citizens — to the deutschmark [gives] a large part of the explanation of present establishment thinking and federalist action throughout europe .

It is argued that the ‘ German model ’ is suited to all other economies ; that its undemocratic features ( the prime place given to an unelected Central Bank ) are either immaterial or ‘ a price worth paying ’ ; that it provides the ideal model for a European federal monetary authority ; that all the economies of Europe are capable of being synchronised to fit in with the German economic cycle .
it is argued that the ‘ german model ’ is suited to all other economies ; that its undemocratic features ( the prime place given to an unelected central bank ) are either immaterial or ‘ a price worth paying ’ ; that it [gives] the ideal model for a european federal monetary authority ; that all the economies of europe are capable of being synchronised to fit in with the german economic cycle .

In particular , they form the essential backdrop to the Maastricht Treaty of European Union which provides , most importantly , for a Single Currency managed by a single Central Bank .
in particular , they form the essential backdrop to the maastricht treaty of european union which [gives] , most importantly , for a single currency managed by a single central bank .

The Treaty creates a European Central Bank , and provides for the establishment of a Single Currency in three stages ( a special protocol allows the United Kingdom to opt out of stage three of this process , but not stages one and two ) .
the treaty creates a european central bank , and [gives] for the establishment of a single currency in three stages ( a special protocol allows the united kingdom to opt out of stage three of this process , but not stages one and two ) .

The hiatus over the Maastricht Treaty caused by the Danish veto provides the leaders of Europe with perhaps their last chance to reject once and for all the notion of political integration .
the hiatus over the maastricht treaty caused by the danish veto [gives] the leaders of europe with perhaps their last chance to reject once and for all the notion of political integration .

Cosset ( 1984 ) provides evidence that the risk premium is highly volatile and random , and Cornell ( 1977 ) has shown that the risk premium changes sign over time but has a mean of zero .
cosset ( 1984 ) [gives] evidence that the risk premium is highly volatile and random , and cornell ( 1977 ) has shown that the risk premium changes sign over time but has a mean of zero .

This all provides some support for an approach to policy quite different from that associated with Keynes , which has dominated policy-making since the 1940s .
this all [gives] some support for an approach to policy quite different from that associated with keynes , which has dominated policy-making since the 1940s .

Of course , this analysis only provides a potential role for monetary policy .
of course , this analysis only [gives] a potential role for monetary policy .

This is still owned by the abbey and , according to the annual accounts you submit to the exchequer , provides 5,000 eels a year for your kitchen .
this is still owned by the abbey and , according to the annual accounts you submit to the exchequer , [gives] 5,000 eels a year for your kitchen .

The innovation of the present paper is that it provides a formal model of union wage and membership determination where membership of the union is not compulsory .
the innovation of the present paper is that it [gives] a formal model of union wage and membership determination where membership of the union is not compulsory .

In our model strategy sets are the continuum and there are a continuum of types , this provides much greater opportunities for self-screening by different types and the tendency to do this is much larger .
in our model strategy sets are the continuum and there are a continuum of types , this [gives] much greater opportunities for self-screening by different types and the tendency to do this is much larger .

Use of a logarithmic form of ( 2 ) in estimation provides a convenient means of calculating the elasticity of the asset demand with respect to wealth and testing for homogeneity of degree one in wealth . Taking natural logarithms yields
use of a logarithmic form of ( 2 ) in estimation [gives] a convenient means of calculating the elasticity of the asset demand with respect to wealth and testing for homogeneity of degree one in wealth . taking natural logarithms yields

Barro ( 1977 ) provides one example of such an approach .
barro ( 1977 ) [gives] one example of such an approach .

Equation ( 2.2 ) provides considerable support for the empirical specification developed in Section 3 .
equation ( 2.2 ) [gives] considerable support for the empirical specification developed in section 3 .

It also provides sufficient time to permit several analyses to be carried out simultaneously .
it also [gives] sufficient time to permit several analyses to be carried out simultaneously .

On a size frequency histogram the size class in which the greatest percentage of grains is represented provides the modal class .
on a size frequency histogram the size class in which the greatest percentage of grains is represented [gives] the modal class .

On the size frequency distribution plot the highest point on the curve provides the modal value .
on the size frequency distribution plot the highest point on the curve [gives] the modal value .

Ideally a measure of sorting should embrace a broader spectrum of the grains present , and the graphic standard deviation σ φ , of Inman ( 1952 ) , computed from provides a measure of the spread of size of 68 % of the population ( one standard deviation on either side of the mean ) .
ideally a measure of sorting should embrace a broader spectrum of the grains present , and the graphic standard deviation σ φ , of inman ( 1952 ) , computed from [gives] a measure of the spread of size of 68 % of the population ( one standard deviation on either side of the mean ) .

This provides a very quick way to obtain a set of peels representing many of the mineralogical and fabric properties of a specimen .
this [gives] a very quick way to obtain a set of peels representing many of the mineralogical and fabric properties of a specimen .

5.22b , c ) or of solution seam thickness provides only a minimum estimate of the amount of sediment removed ( Stockdale , 1926 ; Mossop , 1972 ) and becomes more difficult with low amplitude stylolites and solution seams ( Fig .
5.22b , c ) or of solution seam thickness [gives] only a minimum estimate of the amount of sediment removed ( stockdale , 1926 ; mossop , 1972 ) and becomes more difficult with low amplitude stylolites and solution seams ( fig .

This unprotected window provides an X-ray hazard .
this unprotected window [gives] an x-ray hazard .

Table 3.1 provides a classification of such institutions .
table 3.1 [gives] a classification of such institutions .

The largest foreign banks are American or Japanese owned and the Bank of England Quarterly Bulletin provides detailed information on each of the various sub-categories .
the largest foreign banks are american or japanese owned and the bank of england quarterly bulletin [gives] detailed information on each of the various sub-categories .

Like the discount market this provides individual banks with an outlet for surplus funds and a source of borrowing when their reserves are low .
like the discount market this [gives] individual banks with an outlet for surplus funds and a source of borrowing when their reserves are low .

If banks are short of liquidity they will lend less to both markets and rates will rise ; if the Bank of England readily provides funds to the discount market , houses will offer less attractive terms to other banks who will deposit instead with the parallel markets causing rates there to fall .
if banks are short of liquidity they will lend less to both markets and rates will rise ; if the bank of england readily [gives] funds to the discount market , houses will offer less attractive terms to other banks who will deposit instead with the parallel markets causing rates there to fall .

In addition to its indirect funding of schools through local authorities , and its direct funding of higher education , the government provides some direct funding for education through various departments in addition to the Department of Education and Science and the Welsh Office — the Home Office , the Department of the Environment and the Department of Employment .
in addition to its indirect funding of schools through local authorities , and its direct funding of higher education , the government [gives] some direct funding for education through various departments in addition to the department of education and science and the welsh office — the home office , the department of the environment and the department of employment .

Some local authorities also receive direct government grants from the Department of the Environment under the Urban Programme , which provides 75 % of the funding for projects in deprived areas .
some local authorities also receive direct government grants from the department of the environment under the urban programme , which [gives] 75 % of the funding for projects in deprived areas .

This established body provides training for most of the craft industries , offering over 200 subjects from hairdressing to engineering .
this established body [gives] training for most of the craft industries , offering over 200 subjects from hairdressing to engineering .

The rest of this chapter provides data about three different dimensions of inequality : sex , ethnic group and social class ; it also gives some information about educational achievement in independent schools , and about the education of children with special needs .
the rest of this chapter [gives] data about three different dimensions of inequality : sex , ethnic group and social class ; it also gives some information about educational achievement in independent schools , and about the education of children with special needs .

Approximately 30,000 pupils , 6 % of pupils in independent schools in England , hold places under the Assisted Places Scheme , which provides assistance with tuition fees and certain other expenses .
approximately 30,000 pupils , 6 % of pupils in independent schools in england , hold places under the assisted places scheme , which [gives] assistance with tuition fees and certain other expenses .

This procedure certainly provides an intrinsic method for measuring the radius of a spherical surface .
this procedure certainly [gives] an intrinsic method for measuring the radius of a spherical surface .

Therefore flat Minkowski space provides an inadequate description and our analysis of curved space–time will need to proceed along the lines mapped out in Chapter 3 for analysing curved space .
therefore flat minkowski space [gives] an inadequate description and our analysis of curved space–time will need to proceed along the lines mapped out in chapter 3 for analysing curved space .

In Section 7.1 the Riemann curvature tensor is introduced ; this is a tensor which provides a complete description of curvature in multi-dimensional spaces .
in section 7.1 the riemann curvature tensor is introduced ; this is a tensor which [gives] a complete description of curvature in multi-dimensional spaces .

The general theory of relativity provides a very precise and well-tested description of space–time within the solar system a region , however , where space–time is nearly flat , with the parameter reaching a value of only 10 -5 at the Sun 's surface .
the general theory of relativity [gives] a very precise and well-tested description of space–time within the solar system a region , however , where space–time is nearly flat , with the parameter reaching a value of only 10 -5 at the sun 's surface .

And we shall see , furthermore , in the chapter on structuralism how far a Saussurean or semiotic theory of language in particular opens up the scope of literary theory , because it provides a means of theorising non-literary reality as well as literature itself .
and we shall see , furthermore , in the chapter on structuralism how far a saussurean or semiotic theory of language in particular opens up the scope of literary theory , because it [gives] a means of theorising non-literary reality as well as literature itself .

Since he has shown this sort of network to be discernible in a wide range of different kinds of poetry , and since it is hard to imagine that it could also be found in non-poetic language , there seems to be a strong prima facie case for accepting his argument that the principle of equivalence provides an objective criterion for identifying the poetic function .
since he has shown this sort of network to be discernible in a wide range of different kinds of poetry , and since it is hard to imagine that it could also be found in non-poetic language , there seems to be a strong prima facie case for accepting his argument that the principle of equivalence [gives] an objective criterion for identifying the poetic function .

The definition of the term structuralism is best kept to this sort of generality , and the formula proposed by Barthes perhaps provides the best one .
the definition of the term structuralism is best kept to this sort of generality , and the formula proposed by barthes perhaps [gives] the best one .

They are the hermeneutic code through which an enigma is posed and eventually solved in a text ; the semic code which determines themes ; the symbolic code which is the sphere where meanings become multivalent and reversible ; the proairetic code which determines action and behaviour ; and finally , the cultural code which provides social and ‘ scientific ’ information .
they are the hermeneutic code through which an enigma is posed and eventually solved in a text ; the semic code which determines themes ; the symbolic code which is the sphere where meanings become multivalent and reversible ; the proairetic code which determines action and behaviour ; and finally , the cultural code which [gives] social and ‘ scientific ’ information .

In India each state provides the curriculum .
in india each state [gives] the curriculum .

Our teachers have also found that the mathematics curriculum provides many opportunities for the children to develop their language skills .
our teachers have also found that the mathematics curriculum [gives] many opportunities for the children to develop their language skills .

The Project provides a focus and catalyst for a large and continuously growing network of working groups whose emphasis is always on the development of professionalism and improved practice .
the project [gives] a focus and catalyst for a large and continuously growing network of working groups whose emphasis is always on the development of professionalism and improved practice .

Sometimes an intervention provides a useful impetus to try to articulate what they are doing , and in the process , see things more clearly for themselves .
sometimes an intervention [gives] a useful impetus to try to articulate what they are doing , and in the process , see things more clearly for themselves .

The Matrimonial Causes Act 1973 , s.34 , provides :
the matrimonial causes act 1973 , s.34 , [gives] :

‘ Some schools are eager to change , but others are merely busy with purposeless and repetitive activity : complacently cut off from the ideas and challenges that society provides ’ .
‘ some schools are eager to change , but others are merely busy with purposeless and repetitive activity : complacently cut off from the ideas and challenges that society [gives] ’ .

Michelle Stanworth provides a pertinent example of this process at work with regard to pupils ' assessment of their own competence .
michelle stanworth [gives] a pertinent example of this process at work with regard to pupils ' assessment of their own competence .

Finally , Ann Sherman in an interesting journal article entitled ‘ Questions that those concerned with non-sexist art education should ask ’ , provides a very good example of just such a re-evaluation designed for use by art teachers . Extended quotations from her article drawing on the work of Belotti , Berger , Kuhn , Ricks and Pyke and Levitan and Chanamine will :
finally , ann sherman in an interesting journal article entitled ‘ questions that those concerned with non-sexist art education should ask ’ , [gives] a very good example of just such a re-evaluation designed for use by art teachers . extended quotations from her article drawing on the work of belotti , berger , kuhn , ricks and pyke and levitan and chanamine will :

Clearly , the class reader so defined , claims a central role in much English teaching since it frequently provides a nucleus of activity through which the needs of pupils — both girls and boys — are addressed .
clearly , the class reader so defined , claims a central role in much english teaching since it frequently [gives] a nucleus of activity through which the needs of pupils — both girls and boys — are addressed .

Bettleheim in The Uses of Enchantment provides an apt summary of what a story must do to hold a child 's interest and ‘ enrich his ( sic ) life ’ .
bettleheim in the uses of enchantment [gives] an apt summary of what a story must do to hold a child 's interest and ‘ enrich his ( sic ) life ’ .

The initial treatment of two of the major characters in the book , Bodser Brown and Audrey Parton , provides an interesting contrast . Bodser Brown a bully , who develops as a decidedly unsympathetic character eliciting mainly censure from the narrator ( and probably the reader ) is nonetheless introduced positively :
the initial treatment of two of the major characters in the book , bodser brown and audrey parton , [gives] an interesting contrast . bodser brown a bully , who develops as a decidedly unsympathetic character eliciting mainly censure from the narrator ( and probably the reader ) is nonetheless introduced positively :

Second , the handling of humour in the book provides valuable insights .
second , the handling of humour in the book [gives] valuable insights .

What is particularly significant about this passage is the strength of conviction the teacher demonstrates that this kind of informal assessment is right because it provides the maximum amount of feedback to all concerned , and furthermore is an integral part of the learning process , and not , as so often happens , an adjunct to it .
what is particularly significant about this passage is the strength of conviction the teacher demonstrates that this kind of informal assessment is right because it [gives] the maximum amount of feedback to all concerned , and furthermore is an integral part of the learning process , and not , as so often happens , an adjunct to it .

However , the majority favoured a formative and diagnostic approach that provides a regular supply of positive and constructive feedback to pupils about their progress , rather than the more summative styles characterized by examinations .
however , the majority favoured a formative and diagnostic approach that [gives] a regular supply of positive and constructive feedback to pupils about their progress , rather than the more summative styles characterized by examinations .

Marston Magna in Somerset provides a useful example of some of the ideas which can be generated by this method .
marston magna in somerset [gives] a useful example of some of the ideas which can be generated by this method .

Its importance is that it provides a potential link from Heriot-Watt University campus to the residential areas of Currie and Juniper Green .
its importance is that it [gives] a potential link from heriot-watt university campus to the residential areas of currie and juniper green .

Unlike the motor car , cycling creates no congestion and no pollution and it provides the rider with essential healthy exercise .
unlike the motor car , cycling creates no congestion and no pollution and it [gives] the rider with essential healthy exercise .

To mark Johnson Matthey 's 175th Anniversary in 1992 , a donation of £175,000 has recently been made to the Johnson Matthey Educational Trust which provides annual scholarships to children of persons working in the precious metals industry .
to mark johnson matthey 's 175th anniversary in 1992 , a donation of £175,000 has recently been made to the johnson matthey educational trust which [gives] annual scholarships to children of persons working in the precious metals industry .

Lawton ( 1989 ) provides particularly useful guidance on this as a development on earlier work on cultural analysis .
lawton ( 1989 ) [gives] particularly useful guidance on this as a development on earlier work on cultural analysis .

And it is the variety of a head 's management experience which provides a sense of realism .
and it is the variety of a head 's management experience which [gives] a sense of realism .

Because they cover a wide range of responsibilities — about assessment , financial management , curriculum balance and accountability — the manager provides a better service to his or her partners if a single interpretation is provided and if disparate demands can be connected by a common thread .
because they cover a wide range of responsibilities — about assessment , financial management , curriculum balance and accountability — the manager [gives] a better service to his or her partners if a single interpretation is provided and if disparate demands can be connected by a common thread .

He also provides administrative support to one of the centre 's BDCs .
he also [gives] administrative support to one of the centre 's bdcs .

Appointed Representative Division provides a new environment to meet the needs of our ARs — which are quite different to those of IFAs .
appointed representative division [gives] a new environment to meet the needs of our ars — which are quite different to those of ifas .

The remote location provides a relaxed
the remote location [gives] a relaxed

ensure each placement provides opportunity for personal development and adopts a student-centred approach which is responsive to the individual learning needs of the student ;
ensure each placement [gives] opportunity for personal development and adopts a student-centred approach which is responsive to the individual learning needs of the student ;

This series of modules provides opportunities for students to undertake investigation activities designed to improve their knowledge and understanding of their local area .
this series of modules [gives] opportunities for students to undertake investigation activities designed to improve their knowledge and understanding of their local area .

This series of modules provides students with the opportunity to explore topics which will increase their awareness and understanding of contemporary issues in addition to focussing on planning , organisational and interpersonal skills .
this series of modules [gives] students with the opportunity to explore topics which will increase their awareness and understanding of contemporary issues in addition to focussing on planning , organisational and interpersonal skills .

This module is designed to develop consumer skills and provides an introduction to advertising practices and pressures , consumer rights , sources of consumer advice , buying skills and ways of dealing with unsatisfactory goods and services .
this module is designed to develop consumer skills and [gives] an introduction to advertising practices and pressures , consumer rights , sources of consumer advice , buying skills and ways of dealing with unsatisfactory goods and services .

It also provides a basis for progress to 92354 Consumer Law .
it also [gives] a basis for progress to 92354 consumer law .

Part 3 provides examples of the way in which programmes may be developed using the new Sciences modules .
part 3 [gives] examples of the way in which programmes may be developed using the new sciences modules .

The exit competence of one stage of provision provides the entry competence to the next stage .
the exit competence of one stage of provision [gives] the entry competence to the next stage .

For those students with some science background the following grouping provides a valuable programme :
for those students with some science background the following grouping [gives] a valuable programme :

This provides a core of material which would be supplemented with appropriate Stage 2 modules .
this [gives] a core of material which would be supplemented with appropriate stage 2 modules .

The following grouping of modules provides a basic ‘ core ’ of biology :
the following grouping of modules [gives] a basic ‘ core ’ of biology :

When undertaking this programme , which provides an introduction to chemistry , it is advisable to integrate the Outcomes of Introducing Fundamentals of Chemistry into the other modules so that concepts can be developed throughout the programme .
when undertaking this programme , which [gives] an introduction to chemistry , it is advisable to integrate the outcomes of introducing fundamentals of chemistry into the other modules so that concepts can be developed throughout the programme .

This type of question provides scope for responses which are more discursive than short answer but less open ended than the extended response variety .
this type of question [gives] scope for responses which are more discursive than short answer but less open ended than the extended response variety .

provides students with the opportunity to work in groups .
[gives] students with the opportunity to work in groups .

Recording of activities provides the student with the opportunity to demonstrate how key factors are influencing the conduct of the investigation .
recording of activities [gives] the student with the opportunity to demonstrate how key factors are influencing the conduct of the investigation .

’ to the students ' requests for assistance provides the opportunity to engage the student in discussion of possible options .
’ to the students ' requests for assistance [gives] the opportunity to engage the student in discussion of possible options .

Lady Macbeth provides Macbeth with the determination he requires when she hears of the witches prophesy and her husband 's title of ‘ Thane of Cawdor ’ , she immediately begins planning Duncan 's murder .
lady macbeth [gives] macbeth with the determination he requires when she hears of the witches prophesy and her husband 's title of ‘ thane of cawdor ’ , she immediately begins planning duncan 's murder .

Nearing the concluding few scenes , Mark Antony provides a remarkably relevant passage showing just how things are not as they first seem to be .
nearing the concluding few scenes , mark antony [gives] a remarkably relevant passage showing just how things are not as they first seem to be .

This article will look at the work of the Commissioner during the past four and a half years , the problems which she has faced , and will conclude that she provides a model for other areas of dispute resolution .
this article will look at the work of the commissioner during the past four and a half years , the problems which she has faced , and will conclude that she [gives] a model for other areas of dispute resolution .

The case which is the subject of this note provides a useful insight into the analysis of an unfair dismissal claim which arises out of an employee 's refusal to accept new terms and either resignation followed by a constructive dismissal claim or dismissal consequent upon that refusal .
the case which is the subject of this note [gives] a useful insight into the analysis of an unfair dismissal claim which arises out of an employee 's refusal to accept new terms and either resignation followed by a constructive dismissal claim or dismissal consequent upon that refusal .

Guideline 8 , Evaluation ( page 21 ) provides guidance on forming a judgement about the tolerability of risk .
guideline 8 , evaluation ( page 21 ) [gives] guidance on forming a judgement about the tolerability of risk .

( b ) a contract of engagement , in which the individual engineer , either self–employed as a consultant or as a partner in a partnership , provides specialist or general professional services to a client .
( b ) a contract of engagement , in which the individual engineer , either self–employed as a consultant or as a partner in a partnership , [gives] specialist or general professional services to a client .

Reference 4 provides further guidance .
reference 4 [gives] further guidance .

The rhetoric of reconstruction provides another part of the answer .
the rhetoric of reconstruction [gives] another part of the answer .

The reason is that driving provides a unique opportunity to study the nature and development of an extremely complex cognitive skill for which humans have no obvious evolutionary preparation and yet one which enormous numbers of people acquire , often without any formal training .
the reason is that driving [gives] a unique opportunity to study the nature and development of an extremely complex cognitive skill for which humans have no obvious evolutionary preparation and yet one which enormous numbers of people acquire , often without any formal training .

Driving provides an opportunity to study the effects on memory of an easily identified , commonly experienced type of emotional arousal with real world implications .
driving [gives] an opportunity to study the effects on memory of an easily identified , commonly experienced type of emotional arousal with real world implications .

The reason for this may largely be the types of road used in the two studies , the roads in the Watts and Quimby study were divided approximately equally between rural and suburban areas and thus provides much greater variations in traffic flow , and hence objective risk , than those used in this study .
the reason for this may largely be the types of road used in the two studies , the roads in the watts and quimby study were divided approximately equally between rural and suburban areas and thus [gives] much greater variations in traffic flow , and hence objective risk , than those used in this study .

However , when each subject only provides a single value for the estimate of signal detection variables ( as in this case where data is aggregated across subjects ) , Locksley , Stangor , Hepburn , Grosovsky & Hockstrasser ( 1984 ) recommend that nonparametric measures are used .
however , when each subject only [gives] a single value for the estimate of signal detection variables ( as in this case where data is aggregated across subjects ) , locksley , stangor , hepburn , grosovsky & hockstrasser ( 1984 ) recommend that nonparametric measures are used .

We also sold the flooring business of Gerland in France , but have retained an interest in that company 's road paving business , which provides an outlet for bitumen sales .
we also sold the flooring business of gerland in france , but have retained an interest in that company 's road paving business , which [gives] an outlet for bitumen sales .

4.3 These records have been transferred to the recently acquired Soutron library management software package which provides a user–friendly , menu–driven enquiry screen .
4.3 these records have been transferred to the recently acquired soutron library management software package which [gives] a user–friendly , menu–driven enquiry screen .

An other major development was the establishing of a Key Account Executive position which is in daily contact with the customer and provides them with a voice within Johnson Matthey .
an other major development was the establishing of a key account executive position which is in daily contact with the customer and [gives] them with a voice within johnson matthey .

Certainly this can be done , though whether it provides any sort of explanation is questionable .
certainly this can be done , though whether it [gives] any sort of explanation is questionable .

On the other hand , the group of verbs which occur with predicate qualifiers will be expected to exhibit some degree of compatibility with the noun phrase element of the structure which they govern , although this does not imply that they have to make exactly the same sort of sense when they occur with that phrase alone as they do when the adjective is present , for the very reason that the adjective provides the syntactic-semantic condition under which the relation between the verb and its object holds ; compare leave the items and leave the items date-stamped .
on the other hand , the group of verbs which occur with predicate qualifiers will be expected to exhibit some degree of compatibility with the noun phrase element of the structure which they govern , although this does not imply that they have to make exactly the same sort of sense when they occur with that phrase alone as they do when the adjective is present , for the very reason that the adjective [gives] the syntactic-semantic condition under which the relation between the verb and its object holds ; compare leave the items and leave the items date-stamped .

The overall picture presented in his article is a little less clear than it might be , if only because of the multiplicity of interesting observations ( fortunately Bolinger provides us with copious examples ) but it may be summarized as follows : ( a ) Adjectives may qualify either the referent of a noun or its sense without simultaneously applying to the other .
the overall picture presented in his article is a little less clear than it might be , if only because of the multiplicity of interesting observations ( fortunately bolinger [gives] us with copious examples ) but it may be summarized as follows : ( a ) adjectives may qualify either the referent of a noun or its sense without simultaneously applying to the other .

It is not obvious whether there are any other independent aspects of the syntactic structure which may influence the question whether a minor property qualifies another property or `` passes through `` it to reach a referential locus ; we may provisionally assume that the nature of the individual lexical items provides the primary constraint on whether a property qualifying another property finds the latter to be permeable or not .
it is not obvious whether there are any other independent aspects of the syntactic structure which may influence the question whether a minor property qualifies another property or `` passes through `` it to reach a referential locus ; we may provisionally assume that the nature of the individual lexical items [gives] the primary constraint on whether a property qualifying another property finds the latter to be permeable or not .

Averaging delay statistics over the same four equal time periods used in Chapter 2 , Table 3 , provides clear evidence for a reduction in publication delays in recent years .
averaging delay statistics over the same four equal time periods used in chapter 2 , table 3 , [gives] clear evidence for a reduction in publication delays in recent years .

It provides a metric , imperfect though it may be , for studies of the way in which scientists interact in the course of their work , and through that for research into the more fundamental issues underlying the growth and development of scientific thought .
it [gives] a metric , imperfect though it may be , for studies of the way in which scientists interact in the course of their work , and through that for research into the more fundamental issues underlying the growth and development of scientific thought .

Second , how can we be sure that it provides for an accurate and reliable estimate of that population ?
second , how can we be sure that it [gives] for an accurate and reliable estimate of that population ?

Accordingly , where large samples are necessary , the structured or semi-structured format provides a number of advantages .
accordingly , where large samples are necessary , the structured or semi-structured format [gives] a number of advantages .

The `` fixed-alternative `` question provides respondents with a selection of answers , `` yes `` or `` no `` or `` do n't know `` being the simplest , from which they have to make the choice which best reflects their answer to the question .
the `` fixed-alternative `` question [gives] respondents with a selection of answers , `` yes `` or `` no `` or `` do n't know `` being the simplest , from which they have to make the choice which best reflects their answer to the question .

The law provides that they may administer indoor relief ; they may not touch outdoor relief !
the law [gives] that they may administer indoor relief ; they may not touch outdoor relief !

Created in 1929 , it provides an independent base for the Holy See , the government of the Roman Catholic Church .
created in 1929 , it [gives] an independent base for the holy see , the government of the roman catholic church .

My plan provides insurance security for all Americans , while preserving and increasing the idea of choice .
my plan [gives] insurance security for all americans , while preserving and increasing the idea of choice .

The Constitution provides for an executive President who is directly elected by universal suffrage for a five-year term , and who appoints and presides over a Council of Ministers .
the constitution [gives] for an executive president who is directly elected by universal suffrage for a five-year term , and who appoints and presides over a council of ministers .

The Constitution of the Republic of Finland provides for a parliamentary system of government as well as a presidency with considerable powers , particularly in the foreign policy sphere .
the constitution of the republic of finland [gives] for a parliamentary system of government as well as a presidency with considerable powers , particularly in the foreign policy sphere .

The European Council recalls that the treaty on European union which the heads of state and government have now agreed , provides that any European state whose systems of government are founded on the principle of democracy may apply to become members of the Union .
the european council recalls that the treaty on european union which the heads of state and government have now agreed , [gives] that any european state whose systems of government are founded on the principle of democracy may apply to become members of the union .

The present Constitution promulgated in April 1973 provides for a parliamentary system and a bicameral federal legislature consisting of a 217-member lower house ( the National Assembly ) elected every five years and an 87-member upper house ( the Senate ) elected every six years , with one-third of its members relinquishing their seats every two years .
the present constitution promulgated in april 1973 [gives] for a parliamentary system and a bicameral federal legislature consisting of a 217-member lower house ( the national assembly ) elected every five years and an 87-member upper house ( the senate ) elected every six years , with one-third of its members relinquishing their seats every two years .

Its Constitution provides for a President as head of state , elected by Parliament every four years .
its constitution [gives] for a president as head of state , elected by parliament every four years .

Created in 1929 , it provides an independent base for the Holy See , the government of the Roman Catholic Church .
created in 1929 , it [gives] an independent base for the holy see , the government of the roman catholic church .

The state `` protects human rights in accordance with the Islamic Sharia , … supports the system of social security `` and `` provides job opportunities for whoever is capable of working `` .
the state `` protects human rights in accordance with the islamic sharia , … supports the system of social security `` and `` [gives] job opportunities for whoever is capable of working `` .

The Maastricht Treaty provides the right framework and objectives for this .
the maastricht treaty [gives] the right framework and objectives for this .

Only in the case of Cranston did the committee find `` substantial credible evidence that provides credible cause `` to conclude that he might have engaged in improper conduct .
only in the case of cranston did the committee find `` substantial credible evidence that [gives] credible cause `` to conclude that he might have engaged in improper conduct .

The 1973 Constitution provides for a National Assembly made up of the Cabinet and 30 members elected by popular vote .
the 1973 constitution [gives] for a national assembly made up of the cabinet and 30 members elected by popular vote .

The General Secretariat carries out the decisions of the Council and provides financial and administrative services for the personnel of the League .
the general secretariat carries out the decisions of the council and [gives] financial and administrative services for the personnel of the league .

The radical sociological critique of medicine provides important insights into the sources of professional power , and the way in which self-interest is rationalised in the public good even in the healing professions .
the radical sociological critique of medicine [gives] important insights into the sources of professional power , and the way in which self-interest is rationalised in the public good even in the healing professions .

In practice , of course , such com- prehensiveness becomes impossible , and this provides fertile ground for opportunism or for sellers to try to over-protect themselves against risk which drives up prices .
in practice , of course , such com- prehensiveness becomes impossible , and this [gives] fertile ground for opportunism or for sellers to try to over-protect themselves against risk which drives up prices .

The contracting process — the introduction of contracts between purchasers and providers — provides an excellent vehicle for negotiating explicit quality standards and targets .
the contracting process — the introduction of contracts between purchasers and providers — [gives] an excellent vehicle for negotiating explicit quality standards and targets .

Student participation in the project including its costing and possible in-school publication also provides a valuable learning experience .
student participation in the project including its costing and possible in-school publication also [gives] a valuable learning experience .

It provides in Sir Keith 's view the evidence for understanding what we were and thus of what we are .
it [gives] in sir keith 's view the evidence for understanding what we were and thus of what we are .

( 6 ) History assists intellectual development in that it depends on rational argument and discussion , and provides practice in the skills necessary to argue a case .
( 6 ) history assists intellectual development in that it depends on rational argument and discussion , and [gives] practice in the skills necessary to argue a case .

At a time when the child 's reading ability is extremely limited the use of historical artefacts provides an important strategy for history teachers .
at a time when the child 's reading ability is extremely limited the use of historical artefacts [gives] an important strategy for history teachers .

It also provides a more personal viewpoint .
it also [gives] a more personal viewpoint .

The state provides `` the legal framework within which this all takes place , but is not otherwise concerned in the regulation … aspects of the private housing market `` ( p. 129 ) .
the state [gives] `` the legal framework within which this all takes place , but is not otherwise concerned in the regulation … aspects of the private housing market `` ( p. 129 ) .

Contrary to Harris 's statement the definition section of the Law of Property Act 1925 legal framework does provides some indication of the " rights , privileges , powers and immunities " which the owner of the legal estate , or indeed any other estate or interest in or over land , may enjoy :
contrary to harris 's statement the definition section of the law of property act 1925 legal framework does [gives] some indication of the " rights , privileges , powers and immunities " which the owner of the legal estate , or indeed any other estate or interest in or over land , may enjoy :

The next case provides some useful guidance on distinguishing between fixtures and fittings .
the next case [gives] some useful guidance on distinguishing between fixtures and fittings .

The very flexibility which makes these machines attractive provides a danger to a profession which relies on unalterable evidence .
the very flexibility which makes these machines attractive [gives] a danger to a profession which relies on unalterable evidence .

The occupier is a lodger if the landlord provides attendance or services which require the landlord or his servants to exercise unrestricted access to and use of the premises .
the occupier is a lodger if the landlord [gives] attendance or services which require the landlord or his servants to exercise unrestricted access to and use of the premises .

Formulations of definitive tests are always dangerous , but it seems to me that , without claiming to expound an exhaustive guide , the following provides a satisfactory working test for whether , in any given case , a covenant touches and concerns the land : ( 1 ) the covenant benefits only the reversioner for the time being , and if separated from the reversion ceases to be of benefit to the covenantee ; ( 2 ) the covenant affects the nature , quality , mode of user or value of the land of the reversioner ; ( 3 ) the covenant is not expressed to be personal ( that is to say neither being given only to a specific reversioner nor in respect of the obligations only of a specific tenant ) ; ( 4 ) the fact that a covenant is to pay a sum of money will not prevent it from touching and concerning the land so long as the three foregoing conditions are satisfied and the covenant is connected with something to be done on , or to in relation to the land .
formulations of definitive tests are always dangerous , but it seems to me that , without claiming to expound an exhaustive guide , the following [gives] a satisfactory working test for whether , in any given case , a covenant touches and concerns the land : ( 1 ) the covenant benefits only the reversioner for the time being , and if separated from the reversion ceases to be of benefit to the covenantee ; ( 2 ) the covenant affects the nature , quality , mode of user or value of the land of the reversioner ; ( 3 ) the covenant is not expressed to be personal ( that is to say neither being given only to a specific reversioner nor in respect of the obligations only of a specific tenant ) ; ( 4 ) the fact that a covenant is to pay a sum of money will not prevent it from touching and concerning the land so long as the three foregoing conditions are satisfied and the covenant is connected with something to be done on , or to in relation to the land .

However , if the original tenant is sued , the common law provides that he or she can claim an indemnity , providing reimbursement , from the current tenant .
however , if the original tenant is sued , the common law [gives] that he or she can claim an indemnity , providing reimbursement , from the current tenant .

The Law of Property Act 1925 provides the basis for forfeiture actions and for relief against forfeiture for both tenants and sub-tenants where the breach is for other than non-payment of rent :
the law of property act 1925 [gives] the basis for forfeiture actions and for relief against forfeiture for both tenants and sub-tenants where the breach is for other than non-payment of rent :

Section 11(1) of the 1968 Theft Act provides : … where the public have access to a building in order to view the building or a part of it , or collection or part of a collection housed in it , any person who without lawful authority removes from the building or its grounds the whole or part of any article displayed or kept for display to the public in the building or that part of it or in its grounds shall be guilty of an offence .
section 11(1) of the 1968 theft act [gives] : … where the public have access to a building in order to view the building or a part of it , or collection or part of a collection housed in it , any person who without lawful authority removes from the building or its grounds the whole or part of any article displayed or kept for display to the public in the building or that part of it or in its grounds shall be guilty of an offence .

( h ) There is a separate sub-section dealing with the taking of bicycles . Section 12(5) provides : … a person who , without having the consent of the owner or other lawful authority , takes a pedal cycle for his own or another 's use , or rides a pedal cycle knowing it to have been taken without such authority , shall … be liable …
( h ) there is a separate sub-section dealing with the taking of bicycles . section 12(5) [gives] : … a person who , without having the consent of the owner or other lawful authority , takes a pedal cycle for his own or another 's use , or rides a pedal cycle knowing it to have been taken without such authority , shall … be liable …

Section 16(2) provides : [ t ] he cases in which a pecuniary advantage … is to be regarded as obtained for a person are cases where — ( b ) he is allowed to borrow by way of overdraft , or to take out any policy of insurance or annuity contract , or obtains an improvement of the terms on which he is allowed to do so ; or
section 16(2) [gives] : [ t ] he cases in which a pecuniary advantage … is to be regarded as obtained for a person are cases where — ( b ) he is allowed to borrow by way of overdraft , or to take out any policy of insurance or annuity contract , or obtains an improvement of the terms on which he is allowed to do so ; or

Section 2 provides : ( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2 ) below , where a person by any deception — ( a ) dishonestly secures the remission of the whole or part on any existing liability to make a payment , whether his own liability or another 's : or
section 2 [gives] : ( 1 ) subject to subsection ( 2 ) below , where a person by any deception — ( a ) dishonestly secures the remission of the whole or part on any existing liability to make a payment , whether his own liability or another 's : or

Section 3 provides : ( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 3 ) below , a person who , knowing that payment on the spot for any goods supplied or service done is required or expected from him , dishonestly makes off without having paid as required or expected and with intent to avoid payment of the amount due shall be guilty of an offence .
section 3 [gives] : ( 1 ) subject to subsection ( 3 ) below , a person who , knowing that payment on the spot for any goods supplied or service done is required or expected from him , dishonestly makes off without having paid as required or expected and with intent to avoid payment of the amount due shall be guilty of an offence .

Are there any forms of behaviour to which the law provides that consent is no defence ?
are there any forms of behaviour to which the law [gives] that consent is no defence ?

Each step you take provides scaffolding which will enable you to build the essay a little further .
each step you take [gives] scaffolding which will enable you to build the essay a little further .

Each of these sources provides new information that will enrich the ideas you start out with ; and the materials you explore will also provide a springboard into completely new ideas , that you are unlikely to have simply by contemplating the poems themselves .
each of these sources [gives] new information that will enrich the ideas you start out with ; and the materials you explore will also provide a springboard into completely new ideas , that you are unlikely to have simply by contemplating the poems themselves .

Since the text provides you with so much material , it may not be obvious why dictionaries , encyclopedias and other books in the reference section of your library can be useful to you .
since the text [gives] you with so much material , it may not be obvious why dictionaries , encyclopedias and other books in the reference section of your library can be useful to you .

This could be developed further by defending your assertion against an alternative — a Dickens critic who says that Dickens had an accurate view of these matters — and showing that the alternative view is incorrect , or that the critic provides no supporting evidence ( and so that there is no reason to believe the alternative view ) .
this could be developed further by defending your assertion against an alternative — a dickens critic who says that dickens had an accurate view of these matters — and showing that the alternative view is incorrect , or that the critic [gives] no supporting evidence ( and so that there is no reason to believe the alternative view ) .

From the moment guests phone through their reservation , to the day they check out , it provides a range of services which make their stay more enjoyable and brings them back time and time again .
from the moment guests phone through their reservation , to the day they check out , it [gives] a range of services which make their stay more enjoyable and brings them back time and time again .

Additionally , the system automatically monitors the calls made by each room and provides a summary report on each guest .
additionally , the system automatically monitors the calls made by each room and [gives] a summary report on each guest .

The system provides instantaneous online guest room security control .
the system [gives] instantaneous online guest room security control .

Obviously this is achieved by attending to lift stoppages as they occur and not as they are reported and , in addition , the lift monitoring devices record all events affecting the operation of the lift which provides a detailed case history , which in turn leads to speedy and accurate diagnosis and correction .
obviously this is achieved by attending to lift stoppages as they occur and not as they are reported and , in addition , the lift monitoring devices record all events affecting the operation of the lift which [gives] a detailed case history , which in turn leads to speedy and accurate diagnosis and correction .

It provides a unique trading opportunity where market conditions or size do not justify the capital investment required for a conventional Burger King restaurant .
it [gives] a unique trading opportunity where market conditions or size do not justify the capital investment required for a conventional burger king restaurant .

The Burger King kiosk ; occupying only 120ft2 , it is ideal where retail space is at a premium , and provides a positive return in investment where lower volumes are anticipated .
the burger king kiosk ; occupying only 120ft2 , it is ideal where retail space is at a premium , and [gives] a positive return in investment where lower volumes are anticipated .

Tests in use today for personnel selection include both multiple aptitude batteries like the Differential Aptitude test which provides the kind of profile described above , and specific aptitude tests like the General Clerical Test which concentrates on one group of skills .
tests in use today for personnel selection include both multiple aptitude batteries like the differential aptitude test which [gives] the kind of profile described above , and specific aptitude tests like the general clerical test which concentrates on one group of skills .

( 1983 ) provides an alternative estimate looking at benefits over 10 years ; the gain was almost $ 8 million this time , allowing for increased costs , taxes and interest .
( 1983 ) [gives] an alternative estimate looking at benefits over 10 years ; the gain was almost $ 8 million this time , allowing for increased costs , taxes and interest .

The combination of these methods provides optimum cooking quality and shorter cooking times of up to five times less than conventional methods .
the combination of these methods [gives] optimum cooking quality and shorter cooking times of up to five times less than conventional methods .

The right mat provides the optimum combination of safety , comfort , drainage , quality and durability for each particular application . Specifically , the food service professional 's premiere concerns would be :
the right mat [gives] the optimum combination of safety , comfort , drainage , quality and durability for each particular application . specifically , the food service professional 's premiere concerns would be :

Numerically the Jamaicans form the majority of the Caribbean community in most parts of London as well as other large centres ; yet even where they do not , it is Jamaican which provides a focus for the Creole of black youth .
numerically the jamaicans form the majority of the caribbean community in most parts of london as well as other large centres ; yet even where they do not , it is jamaican which [gives] a focus for the creole of black youth .

This provides a measure of each speaker 's variability with respect to the particular variants under consideration , but provides no clue as to why the speaker might have used the variant that he/she did in any particular case .
this [gives] a measure of each speaker 's variability with respect to the particular variants under consideration , but [gives] no clue as to why the speaker might have used the variant that he/she did in any particular case .

In a similar way we can mock an accent or dialect , projecting a stereotyped figure more in the manner that stage actors do than in the manner that mere quotation provides … Interestingly it seems very much the case that in socializing infants linguistically , in introducing them to words and utterances , we from the very beginning teach them to use talk in this self-dissociated , fanciful way .
in a similar way we can mock an accent or dialect , projecting a stereotyped figure more in the manner that stage actors do than in the manner that mere quotation [gives] … interestingly it seems very much the case that in socializing infants linguistically , in introducing them to words and utterances , we from the very beginning teach them to use talk in this self-dissociated , fanciful way .

The earlier test will be considered here for reasons of comparison and because it still provides the basis of the remoteness test in some other torts .
the earlier test will be considered here for reasons of comparison and because it still [gives] the basis of the remoteness test in some other torts .

The Road Traffic Act 1988 , s. 149 provides that volenti is not available where a passenger in a car sues the driver in circumstances where insurance is compulsory .
the road traffic act 1988 , s. 149 [gives] that volenti is not available where a passenger in a car sues the driver in circumstances where insurance is compulsory .

Section 1 ( 1 ) provides : Where any person suffers damage as the result partly of his own fault and partly of the fault of any other person or persons , a claim in respect of that damage shall not be defeated by reason of the fault of the person suffering the damage , but the damages recoverable in respect thereof shall be reduced to such an extent as the court thinks just and equitable having regard to the claimant 's share in the responsibility for the damage .
section 1 ( 1 ) [gives] : where any person suffers damage as the result partly of his own fault and partly of the fault of any other person or persons , a claim in respect of that damage shall not be defeated by reason of the fault of the person suffering the damage , but the damages recoverable in respect thereof shall be reduced to such an extent as the court thinks just and equitable having regard to the claimant 's share in the responsibility for the damage .

Where a person enters under a contractual right , the common duty of care under the Act will be implied into the contract , unless the contract expressly provides for a higher standard of care .
where a person enters under a contractual right , the common duty of care under the act will be implied into the contract , unless the contract expressly [gives] for a higher standard of care .

Section 2 ( 3 ) provides that in considering the common duty of care , the circumstances include the degree of care and want of care which would ordinarily be looked for in such a visitor .
section 2 ( 3 ) [gives] that in considering the common duty of care , the circumstances include the degree of care and want of care which would ordinarily be looked for in such a visitor .

( iv ) Section 3 ( 1 ) provides that where an occupier is bound by contract to permit strangers to the contract to enter or use the premises , the duty of care owed to the stranger as a visitor can not be restricted or excluded by the contract .
( iv ) section 3 ( 1 ) [gives] that where an occupier is bound by contract to permit strangers to the contract to enter or use the premises , the duty of care owed to the stranger as a visitor can not be restricted or excluded by the contract .

Section 2 ( 3 ) ( a ) of the 1957 Act provides that where a person enters in the exercise of his calling , the occupier may expect that that person will appreciate and guard against risks which are ordinarily incident to that calling ( Roles v Nathan and General Cleaning Contractors v Christmas ) .
section 2 ( 3 ) ( a ) of the 1957 act [gives] that where a person enters in the exercise of his calling , the occupier may expect that that person will appreciate and guard against risks which are ordinarily incident to that calling ( roles v nathan and general cleaning contractors v christmas ) .

Section 2(2) provides a list of those who can be sued under the Act
section 2(2) [gives] a list of those who can be sued under the act

If it is not possible to identify the producer or importer of a product , the Act provides for liability on the part of another supplier ( s. 2 ( 3 ) ) .
if it is not possible to identify the producer or importer of a product , the act [gives] for liability on the part of another supplier ( s. 2 ( 3 ) ) .

Section 3(1) provides : " there is a defect in a product … if the safety of the product is not such as persons generally are entitled to expect " .
section 3(1) [gives] : " there is a defect in a product … if the safety of the product is not such as persons generally are entitled to expect " .

In considering what is meant by " safety " , s. 3(2) provides that all the circumstances shall be taken into account including : ( a ) the manner in which , and purposes for which , the product has been marketed , its get-up , the use of any mark in relation to the product and any instructions for , or warnings with respect to , doing or refraining from doing anything in relation to the product ;
in considering what is meant by " safety " , s. 3(2) [gives] that all the circumstances shall be taken into account including : ( a ) the manner in which , and purposes for which , the product has been marketed , its get-up , the use of any mark in relation to the product and any instructions for , or warnings with respect to , doing or refraining from doing anything in relation to the product ;

Although this case provides an example of an action succeeding where no method of enforcement is provided by the statute , it appears unlikely that it will be followed in this area .
although this case [gives] an example of an action succeeding where no method of enforcement is provided by the statute , it appears unlikely that it will be followed in this area .

The Employer 's Liability ( Defective Equipment ) Act 1969 , s. 1(1) now provides : Where … an employee suffers personal injury in the course of his employment in consequence of a defect in equipment provided by his employer for the purposes of the employer 's business and the defect is attributable wholly or partly to the fault of a third party ( whether identified or not ) the injury shall be deemed to be also attributable to negligence on the part of the employer .
the employer 's liability ( defective equipment ) act 1969 , s. 1(1) now [gives] : where … an employee suffers personal injury in the course of his employment in consequence of a defect in equipment provided by his employer for the purposes of the employer 's business and the defect is attributable wholly or partly to the fault of a third party ( whether identified or not ) the injury shall be deemed to be also attributable to negligence on the part of the employer .

If the statute provides a means of enforcement then it can only be enforced in this manner , unless the obligation is imposed for the benefit of a class and the plaintiff is a member of that class .
if the statute [gives] a means of enforcement then it can only be enforced in this manner , unless the obligation is imposed for the benefit of a class and the plaintiff is a member of that class .

Obviously it records when and to whom the king was giving what , and so provides evidence on royal possessions and patronage , although some texts specify that the grantee purchased the item concerned , and this may sometimes have occurred even when not stated .
obviously it records when and to whom the king was giving what , and so [gives] evidence on royal possessions and patronage , although some texts specify that the grantee purchased the item concerned , and this may sometimes have occurred even when not stated .

The speech provides a perfect example of the way de Gaulle used language , not just to express opinions but to shape a fluid situation .
the speech [gives] a perfect example of the way de gaulle used language , not just to express opinions but to shape a fluid situation .

It was then argued that this provides the basis for preventive or corrective intervention in the form of competition policy .
it was then argued that this [gives] the basis for preventive or corrective intervention in the form of competition policy .

The 1990 Act provides that every registration shall have effect from the day on which it is entered in the register .
the 1990 act [gives] that every registration shall have effect from the day on which it is entered in the register .

However , an exception provides that recognition will not expire solely because the death of a shareholder or shareholders has left the recognised body with no shareholder able to exercise such voting rights .
however , an exception [gives] that recognition will not expire solely because the death of a shareholder or shareholders has left the recognised body with no shareholder able to exercise such voting rights .

The examples he provides , of `` dribbling payments of a shilling or two `` for house repairs , funerals , clothes , tools and medicines and for tiding over occasional hard times , can be multiplied from a number of local studies .
the examples he [gives] , of `` dribbling payments of a shilling or two `` for house repairs , funerals , clothes , tools and medicines and for tiding over occasional hard times , can be multiplied from a number of local studies .

It was the premium put upon child labour within the domestic family economy of textile manufacture which provides the context for Defoe 's observations of around 1720 on Norfolk that `` the very children after four or five years of age , could earn their own bread `` , while at Taunton `` there was not a child in the town , or in the villages round it , of above five years old , but , if it was not neglected by its parents , and untaught , could earn its own bread `` .
it was the premium put upon child labour within the domestic family economy of textile manufacture which [gives] the context for defoe 's observations of around 1720 on norfolk that `` the very children after four or five years of age , could earn their own bread `` , while at taunton `` there was not a child in the town , or in the villages round it , of above five years old , but , if it was not neglected by its parents , and untaught , could earn its own bread `` .

‘ These results demonstrate that detailed phonetic information about some of the segments in a word provides enough constraint , in general , that other segments can be completely obscured or ambiguous without significantly impairing recognition .
‘ these results demonstrate that detailed phonetic information about some of the segments in a word [gives] enough constraint , in general , that other segments can be completely obscured or ambiguous without significantly impairing recognition .

Describing the lexical access task in these very general terms provides a common vocabulary for comparing design decisions in each of the areas listed above .
describing the lexical access task in these very general terms [gives] a common vocabulary for comparing design decisions in each of the areas listed above .

We have seen that graph-search terminology provides a useful framework for clarifying and examining issues involved in automatic speech processing .
we have seen that graph-search terminology [gives] a useful framework for clarifying and examining issues involved in automatic speech processing .

The Chart provides a uniform global data structure , thus making information about the current state of processing easily accessible to , and modifiable by , any of the knowledge sources used in processing .
the chart [gives] a uniform global data structure , thus making information about the current state of processing easily accessible to , and modifiable by , any of the knowledge sources used in processing .

The Draft Directive provides for copyright protection for collections which , by reason of their selection or arrangement , constitute the author 's own intellectual creation ( similar to the German standard for copyright protection generally ) .
the draft directive [gives] for copyright protection for collections which , by reason of their selection or arrangement , constitute the author 's own intellectual creation ( similar to the german standard for copyright protection generally ) .

The user of the system provides expertise because he will have to understand and respond to the system , he will have to interpret the questions asked by the system and to know what the scope and limitations of the system are .
the user of the system [gives] expertise because he will have to understand and respond to the system , he will have to interpret the questions asked by the system and to know what the scope and limitations of the system are .

The case of Brownton Ltd. v Edward Moore Inbucon Ltd. [ 1985 ] provides an example of the financial implications of misunderstandings between the parties to a contract involving computer systems .
the case of brownton ltd. v edward moore inbucon ltd. [ 1985 ] [gives] an example of the financial implications of misunderstandings between the parties to a contract involving computer systems .

The importance of choosing the most appropriate hardware and software should not be underestimated and , as a corollary , a contract which provides a reasonable and fair machinery for identifying responsibilities and resolving disputes needs to be negotiated .
the importance of choosing the most appropriate hardware and software should not be underestimated and , as a corollary , a contract which [gives] a reasonable and fair machinery for identifying responsibilities and resolving disputes needs to be negotiated .

Section 8 of the Unfair Contract Terms Act provides that a clause in a contract which purports to exclude or restrict liability for misrepresentation will only be effective if it satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .
section 8 of the unfair contract terms act [gives] that a clause in a contract which purports to exclude or restrict liability for misrepresentation will only be effective if it satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .

She provides the material for the Board of Fellows when it meets to consider the applications for upgrading to Fellowship .
she [gives] the material for the board of fellows when it meets to consider the applications for upgrading to fellowship .

`` `` `` , in the manuscript 's spelling with an < o > , provides the reader of the text with the hint of a bilingual compound adverb , following the model of Middle English fol-hardi , fol-hardili , etc .
`` `` `` , in the manuscript 's spelling with an < o > , [gives] the reader of the text with the hint of a bilingual compound adverb , following the model of middle english fol-hardi , fol-hardili , etc .

At the end of the tale , the wife underlines this aspect of the merchant 's lifestyle by suggesting that her spending on clothing serves the same purpose : This understanding provides a fundamentally important gloss to the moot , `` must `` , of the lines spoken , apparently by a female speaker , very early on in the Shipman 's Tale : Both the merchant and the monk in the tale operate by borrowing money on credit in order to make profitable purchases .
at the end of the tale , the wife underlines this aspect of the merchant 's lifestyle by suggesting that her spending on clothing serves the same purpose : this understanding [gives] a fundamentally important gloss to the moot , `` must `` , of the lines spoken , apparently by a female speaker , very early on in the shipman 's tale : both the merchant and the monk in the tale operate by borrowing money on credit in order to make profitable purchases .

The advantage of the new system from the employer 's point of view is that it provides a completely flexible framework of qualifications based on nationally accepted standards .
the advantage of the new system from the employer 's point of view is that it [gives] a completely flexible framework of qualifications based on nationally accepted standards .

The restaurants are designed so that the chefs area provides the focus of the operation for diners .
the restaurants are designed so that the chefs area [gives] the focus of the operation for diners .

Yet the training provides more than just technical skill .
yet the training [gives] more than just technical skill .

The professional qualifications material provides stimulating learning support for anyone in the hotel and catering industry .
the professional qualifications material [gives] stimulating learning support for anyone in the hotel and catering industry .

The expressive effect created by the use of the to infinitive in this type of context thus provides further support for our explanatory hypothesis .
the expressive effect created by the use of the to infinitive in this type of context thus [gives] further support for our explanatory hypothesis .

Although Cotte does not allude to this use , it provides confirmation of his analysis , particularly since let would not be appropriate at all in such contexts : in ( 212 ) , for example , it would suggest that the event apply is actually realized , whereas the import of the sentence is simply to describe the provisions included in the new law .
although cotte does not allude to this use , it [gives] confirmation of his analysis , particularly since let would not be appropriate at all in such contexts : in ( 212 ) , for example , it would suggest that the event apply is actually realized , whereas the import of the sentence is simply to describe the provisions included in the new law .

The following unusual use of to provides further confirmation of this : ( 25 ) She waited , Kate Croy , for her father to come in , but he kept her unconscionably , and there were moments at which she showed herself , in the glass over the mantel , a face positively pale with the irritation that had brought her to the point of going away without sight of him .
the following unusual use of to [gives] further confirmation of this : ( 25 ) she waited , kate croy , for her father to come in , but he kept her unconscionably , and there were moments at which she showed herself , in the glass over the mantel , a face positively pale with the irritation that had brought her to the point of going away without sight of him .

This way of regarding the infinitive 's relation to person can be applied moreover to the uses already examined in Chapters Two and Three , where this form is related to another verb in the sentence and thus provides a coherent explanation covering all the uses of both versions of the infinitive by means of a single principle of analysis .
this way of regarding the infinitive 's relation to person can be applied moreover to the uses already examined in chapters two and three , where this form is related to another verb in the sentence and thus [gives] a coherent explanation covering all the uses of both versions of the infinitive by means of a single principle of analysis .

The report provides considerable evidence that the traditional performance indicators of higher education success are quite inadequate .
the report [gives] considerable evidence that the traditional performance indicators of higher education success are quite inadequate .

However , you can get organic lamb , along with a huge range of other organic produce , from Ian Miller 's farm shop on Jamesfield Farm , Newburgh , Fife , which provides a full , nationwide delivery service .
however , you can get organic lamb , along with a huge range of other organic produce , from ian miller 's farm shop on jamesfield farm , newburgh , fife , which [gives] a full , nationwide delivery service .

Young , bouncy , straightforward , the unmistakeable Merlot plumminess provides fruit with an almost tangible liveliness to it .
young , bouncy , straightforward , the unmistakeable merlot plumminess [gives] fruit with an almost tangible liveliness to it .

Thai cooking provides the inspiration for Thai 7 Spice Seasoning .
thai cooking [gives] the inspiration for thai 7 spice seasoning .

The pastry topping for this dish is similar to a scone mixture and provides a nice contrast to the base .
the pastry topping for this dish is similar to a scone mixture and [gives] a nice contrast to the base .

And in respect of this main concern , it is also to be related to a particular tradition within German thought , which provides us with our starting point : a tradition of theoretical enquiry into the nature of tragedy — Greek tragedy , above all .
and in respect of this main concern , it is also to be related to a particular tradition within german thought , which [gives] us with our starting point : a tradition of theoretical enquiry into the nature of tragedy — greek tragedy , above all .

If , in the age of the Enlightenment , a transcendent religious authority no longer provides an objective sanction for men 's deeds and a punishment of their misdeeds , and if a common belief in such an authority is no longer there to provide the theatre with a cultural-religious function and to give unity to its public , then that authority must be replaced by the voice of individual conscience .
if , in the age of the enlightenment , a transcendent religious authority no longer [gives] an objective sanction for men 's deeds and a punishment of their misdeeds , and if a common belief in such an authority is no longer there to provide the theatre with a cultural-religious function and to give unity to its public , then that authority must be replaced by the voice of individual conscience .

Finally , for Schopenhauer Greek tragedy has a significance that must be comprehended in terms of his particular brand of pessimism : it provides a powerful demonstration of the vanity of all desires of the `` will `` , its foolish stubbornness , and the unworthiness of all its goals .
finally , for schopenhauer greek tragedy has a significance that must be comprehended in terms of his particular brand of pessimism : it [gives] a powerful demonstration of the vanity of all desires of the `` will `` , its foolish stubbornness , and the unworthiness of all its goals .

It is , in particulars the unnerving intellectuality of the life around him that Hölderlin attacks , the overvaluation of philosophizing and the promise of action that never comes , the substitution of books and words for deeds , the excessive introspection and lack of worldly competence ( the criticism has a special poignancy in that these are character traits he is intimately familiar with , which at times become part of his self-criticism ) When he speaks of Greece , it is not always clear whether he has in mind the fifth century or the timeless present in which Hyperion lives , but it is always Greece that provides the contrast .
it is , in particulars the unnerving intellectuality of the life around him that hölderlin attacks , the overvaluation of philosophizing and the promise of action that never comes , the substitution of books and words for deeds , the excessive introspection and lack of worldly competence ( the criticism has a special poignancy in that these are character traits he is intimately familiar with , which at times become part of his self-criticism ) when he speaks of greece , it is not always clear whether he has in mind the fifth century or the timeless present in which hyperion lives , but it is always greece that [gives] the contrast .

( There it merely provides musical interludes between acts , a pattern foreshadowed in some odes of Euripides . )
( there it merely [gives] musical interludes between acts , a pattern foreshadowed in some odes of euripides . )

My theory of tragic myth provides the first acceptable explanation of the chorus of Greek tragedy .
my theory of tragic myth [gives] the first acceptable explanation of the chorus of greek tragedy .

Only myth provides direction for man 's imaginative powers ; it is myth that matures the child 's mind and helps the adult to interpret his mature experience , and myth that sanctifies the state .
only myth [gives] direction for man 's imaginative powers ; it is myth that matures the child 's mind and helps the adult to interpret his mature experience , and myth that sanctifies the state .

In his Report on the Agriculture of the County of Lancaster ( 1809 ) , Dickson provides evidence of the Cheadle firm `` Watkins , Borrow and Atkinson `` working the mines in the Tilberthwaite area .
in his report on the agriculture of the county of lancaster ( 1809 ) , dickson [gives] evidence of the cheadle firm `` watkins , borrow and atkinson `` working the mines in the tilberthwaite area .

It also provides poorly for origins of the workers … 116 are shown coming from outside the county , which was Lancashire : 106 are from the county , but this does not disclose which were from the district around Coniston .
it also [gives] poorly for origins of the workers … 116 are shown coming from outside the county , which was lancashire : 106 are from the county , but this does not disclose which were from the district around coniston .

The section on teaching aids and resources by Brian Hill and Edith Baer provides useful comments .
the section on teaching aids and resources by brian hill and edith baer [gives] useful comments .

Resource-based learning , they say , provides no magic solutions and the teacher 's ro∘le in selecting material and controlling the learning process is crucial to success .
resource-based learning , they say , [gives] no magic solutions and the teacher 's ro∘le in selecting material and controlling the learning process is crucial to success .

The radio provides a wide variety of voices ( gets away from the overfamiliar teacher 's voice ) and is suitable for more advanced levels .
the radio [gives] a wide variety of voices ( gets away from the overfamiliar teacher 's voice ) and is suitable for more advanced levels .

You may want to supplement the contents with your own aids or those your college provides .
you may want to supplement the contents with your own aids or those your college [gives] .

This provides a sequence of practices and presentations which are directed towards a goal .
this [gives] a sequence of practices and presentations which are directed towards a goal .

Living on chalk is a mixed blessing , on the one hand the cement industry provides work for many local people and with the mechanisation of farming methods this has meant that what was at one time an agriculture community is now largely dependant upon local industries .
living on chalk is a mixed blessing , on the one hand the cement industry [gives] work for many local people and with the mechanisation of farming methods this has meant that what was at one time an agriculture community is now largely dependant upon local industries .

Figure 2.2 represents a model of the information-seeking activity in a library and provides a conceptual framework for observing user behaviour .
figure 2.2 represents a model of the information-seeking activity in a library and [gives] a conceptual framework for observing user behaviour .

Bettacare 's Head Hugger — a softly quilted , specially shaped cushion which rests around the baby 's head , supporting it from all sides , provides the answer .
bettacare 's head hugger — a softly quilted , specially shaped cushion which rests around the baby 's head , supporting it from all sides , [gives] the answer .

He or she sometimes provides glasses and contact lenses .
he or she sometimes [gives] glasses and contact lenses .

When the drill is set out in this way , it provides a visual picture of the structure of the new language and so reinforces learning .
when the drill is set out in this way , it [gives] a visual picture of the structure of the new language and so reinforces learning .

Table 6.3 provides rather more useful information on the subject area ( s ) covered by the students ' research , as identified by the students themselves .
table 6.3 [gives] rather more useful information on the subject area ( s ) covered by the students ' research , as identified by the students themselves .

The difference between tactics and strategy `` is that tactics covers what you need to do at the moment and strategy provides the broad guidelines that determine over-all direction .
the difference between tactics and strategy `` is that tactics covers what you need to do at the moment and strategy [gives] the broad guidelines that determine over-all direction .

The environment is continually communicating with us because , through perception , we read the information that it provides .
the environment is continually communicating with us because , through perception , we read the information that it [gives] .

Each layer is an entity unto itself although it interacts and provides services to other layers .
each layer is an entity unto itself although it interacts and [gives] services to other layers .

General exploration provides the background that enables us to link up otherwise unrelated items .
general exploration [gives] the background that enables us to link up otherwise unrelated items .

In both these there is a struggle between two opposing forces , between the mariner 's evil deed , and the need for penance , which provides the contrast between futility and lack of concern with which the mariner kills the albatross , rather evidently portraying what might in simple moralistic terms be defined as evil , and the desire to make amends for this wrongdoing .
in both these there is a struggle between two opposing forces , between the mariner 's evil deed , and the need for penance , which [gives] the contrast between futility and lack of concern with which the mariner kills the albatross , rather evidently portraying what might in simple moralistic terms be defined as evil , and the desire to make amends for this wrongdoing .

She is watched by Troilus himself , with Ulysses ; and they in turn are watched by Thersites , who provides a scathing commentary .
she is watched by troilus himself , with ulysses ; and they in turn are watched by thersites , who [gives] a scathing commentary .

Their names are inscribed in the Book of Enrolment and the season of Lent provides the perfect setting for the deep spiritual preparation they now journey on .
their names are inscribed in the book of enrolment and the season of lent [gives] the perfect setting for the deep spiritual preparation they now journey on .

the Ozanam Centre which provides clothes and meals for the homeless
the ozanam centre which [gives] clothes and meals for the homeless

It provides some information on biomechanical properties of the rectal wall .
it [gives] some information on biomechanical properties of the rectal wall .

The method provides an accurate segmental measurement of distension of tubular organs .
the method [gives] an accurate segmental measurement of distension of tubular organs .

Morning awakening provides a strong stimulus for increased colonic contractile activity .
morning awakening [gives] a strong stimulus for increased colonic contractile activity .

High amplitude propagated contractions are elicited by some types of laxatives ( especially bysacodyl ) , which provides further evidence of their role in defecation .
high amplitude propagated contractions are elicited by some types of laxatives ( especially bysacodyl ) , which [gives] further evidence of their role in defecation .

These processes are regulated by gene expression and in health , asymmetric stem cell division provides a steady state , in which the stem cell compartment is maintained and the differentiated lineages are produced at rate equal to their losses .
these processes are regulated by gene expression and in health , asymmetric stem cell division [gives] a steady state , in which the stem cell compartment is maintained and the differentiated lineages are produced at rate equal to their losses .

From the seventh day after radiation , the process of crypt budding or branching provides new crypts , each with its own stem cells .
from the seventh day after radiation , the process of crypt budding or branching [gives] new crypts , each with its own stem cells .

The present study provides further evidence for these interactions in the colon .
the present study [gives] further evidence for these interactions in the colon .

The parietal cell thus provides a striking example of how , by selective modulation of apical and basolateral acid-base transport systems , it is possible to reconcile the conflicting demands of varying transepithelial transport and maintaining cell homeostasis .
the parietal cell thus [gives] a striking example of how , by selective modulation of apical and basolateral acid-base transport systems , it is possible to reconcile the conflicting demands of varying transepithelial transport and maintaining cell homeostasis .

The use of radiolabelled leucocytes to localise and estimate disease activity in inflammatory bowel disease provides an objective technique for the assessment of disease activity .
the use of radiolabelled leucocytes to localise and estimate disease activity in inflammatory bowel disease [gives] an objective technique for the assessment of disease activity .

Our finding that patients with healed duodenal ulcers have disordered patterns of antroduodenal motility , which could promote sequestration of acid within the bulb , provides indirect support for this hypothesis , as do preliminary reports that cisapride 10 mg three times daily reduces 24 h intraduodenal acidity in healthy volunteers without affecting gastric pH .
our finding that patients with healed duodenal ulcers have disordered patterns of antroduodenal motility , which could promote sequestration of acid within the bulb , [gives] indirect support for this hypothesis , as do preliminary reports that cisapride 10 mg three times daily reduces 24 h intraduodenal acidity in healthy volunteers without affecting gastric ph .

This study provides evidence that bFGF given parenterally or by an intragastric route is not protective agaisnt the acute gastric lesions induced by topical irritants such as ethanol or aspirin but exerts a significant protection against the stress induced lesions and considerably enhances the healing rate of chronic gastric ulcers .
this study [gives] evidence that bfgf given parenterally or by an intragastric route is not protective agaisnt the acute gastric lesions induced by topical irritants such as ethanol or aspirin but exerts a significant protection against the stress induced lesions and considerably enhances the healing rate of chronic gastric ulcers .

This finding also provides an explanation for the fact that faecal bile acid excretion in patients with liver disease is comparable with control subjects .
this finding also [gives] an explanation for the fact that faecal bile acid excretion in patients with liver disease is comparable with control subjects .

Because alcohol is also a source of energy ( 1 g of ethanol provides 7.1 kcal ) , it is necessary to have an additional caloric control .
because alcohol is also a source of energy ( 1 g of ethanol [gives] 7.1 kcal ) , it is necessary to have an additional caloric control .

These children were evaluated in the Encopresis Clinic , a clinical service that provides education and management of children of all ages with defecation problems .
these children were evaluated in the encopresis clinic , a clinical service that [gives] education and management of children of all ages with defecation problems .

Detection of genetic alterations in ulcerative colitis associated carcinomas and dysplasia provides a range of potential markers for early diagnosis .
detection of genetic alterations in ulcerative colitis associated carcinomas and dysplasia [gives] a range of potential markers for early diagnosis .

It provides a full-time course of study combining movement and music with physiotherapy .
it [gives] a full-time course of study combining movement and music with physiotherapy .

And finally , that our model provides a powerful took in identifying those patients for whom conventional treatment will be unsuccessful and other haemostatic procedures be considered in new controlled therapeutic trials such as injection of the varices with cyanoacrylate rather than with polidocanol , staple transection of the oesophagus , or endoscopic variceal ligation .
and finally , that our model [gives] a powerful took in identifying those patients for whom conventional treatment will be unsuccessful and other haemostatic procedures be considered in new controlled therapeutic trials such as injection of the varices with cyanoacrylate rather than with polidocanol , staple transection of the oesophagus , or endoscopic variceal ligation .

Therefore , urethane anaesthesia is not suitable for the study of rapid repair of injured gastric mucosa but provides an experimental situation in which formation of gastric mucosal lesions can be examined without interference from rapid restitution processes .
therefore , urethane anaesthesia is not suitable for the study of rapid repair of injured gastric mucosa but [gives] an experimental situation in which formation of gastric mucosal lesions can be examined without interference from rapid restitution processes .

Non-invasive radionuclide angiography provides a safe and accurate screening method for evaluating portal vein patence on occlusion in the investigation of portal hypertension or before liver transplantation .
non-invasive radionuclide angiography [gives] a safe and accurate screening method for evaluating portal vein patence on occlusion in the investigation of portal hypertension or before liver transplantation .

Consequently , this provides a potential route for portal venous blood to reach the liver .
consequently , this [gives] a potential route for portal venous blood to reach the liver .

Their use in malignant strictures provides immediate drainage , avoiding the early complications encountered with plastic stents .
their use in malignant strictures [gives] immediate drainage , avoiding the early complications encountered with plastic stents .

The acquisition of Aberdeen-based Marioff Engineering Services ( renamed Wood-Way Hydraulic Services ) provides us with significant hydraulics capability and the acquisition of 65 % of Thistle Engineering , also in Aberdeen , gives us important dimensional control technology which will help to reduce the amount of welding work which is currently carried out offshore .
the acquisition of aberdeen-based marioff engineering services ( renamed wood-way hydraulic services ) [gives] us with significant hydraulics capability and the acquisition of 65 % of thistle engineering , also in aberdeen , gives us important dimensional control technology which will help to reduce the amount of welding work which is currently carried out offshore .

Provides fire protection and safety equipment and systems to offshore and industrial customers .
[gives] fire protection and safety equipment and systems to offshore and industrial customers .

It provides a haven to smoke and talk in
it [gives] a haven to smoke and talk in

The right-hand side provides a benchmark against which all portfolios may be assessed .
the right-hand side [gives] a benchmark against which all portfolios may be assessed .

This provides an alternative explanation for the humped yield curve .
this [gives] an alternative explanation for the humped yield curve .

Equation ( 5.48 ) provides the limiting value to duration .
equation ( 5.48 ) [gives] the limiting value to duration .

Substituting ( 6.31 ) into ( 6.27 ) provides an alternative formula for the fair share price : .
substituting ( 6.31 ) into ( 6.27 ) [gives] an alternative formula for the fair share price : .

The average selling price , together with the estimates of sales volume , provides the total estimated income from the project .
the average selling price , together with the estimates of sales volume , [gives] the total estimated income from the project .

Reviewing the progress of the project in terms of the network provides feedback to the project control system .
reviewing the progress of the project in terms of the network [gives] feedback to the project control system .

Added value pays wages and provides profits .
added value pays wages and [gives] profits .

The lowest row provides for identifying high-cost functions that should be given special attention .
the lowest row [gives] for identifying high-cost functions that should be given special attention .

Because it takes the form of an overlay on the traditional organization tree and provides a mass of accessible information it does much to dispel the individual 's worries as to who is responsible for what .
because it takes the form of an overlay on the traditional organization tree and [gives] a mass of accessible information it does much to dispel the individual 's worries as to who is responsible for what .

Achievement provides most of the stroking and fosters the relationship .
achievement [gives] most of the stroking and fosters the relationship .

Thom 's main claim for his basic theory is that it provides a language enabling qualitative description of a system of moderate complexity embracing discontinuities .
thom 's main claim for his basic theory is that it [gives] a language enabling qualitative description of a system of moderate complexity embracing discontinuities .

Until last year , Longchamp was the only place to be , but now Phoenix Park in Dublin , where the Cartier Million will be staged for the second time tomorrow , provides a tempting alternative .
until last year , longchamp was the only place to be , but now phoenix park in dublin , where the cartier million will be staged for the second time tomorrow , [gives] a tempting alternative .

This research influences the way volunteers work with victims but it is also passed on by Victim Support to other organisations that might find it useful : it provides an input into every police training course in Britain , and that has led to a potential new area of work .
this research influences the way volunteers work with victims but it is also passed on by victim support to other organisations that might find it useful : it [gives] an input into every police training course in britain , and that has led to a potential new area of work .

The largest fixed-rate offering ever witnessed in the Eurobond market , a $1.5bn five-year deal announced on Friday for Italy , which used the new money-making formula , provides disturbing evidence however that excessive competition , born of over-capacity , could yet ruin the latest attempts at restoring profitability to the market .
the largest fixed-rate offering ever witnessed in the eurobond market , a $1.5bn five-year deal announced on friday for italy , which used the new money-making formula , [gives] disturbing evidence however that excessive competition , born of over-capacity , could yet ruin the latest attempts at restoring profitability to the market .

Brown has been important to White because he provides the top-level training practice that has been so lacking in the build-up to this world championships .
brown has been important to white because he [gives] the top-level training practice that has been so lacking in the build-up to this world championships .

Egypt has requested financing for expensive refurbishment and modernisation from the United States , which provides some $ 1.6bn in military aid annually .
egypt has requested financing for expensive refurbishment and modernisation from the united states , which [gives] some $ 1.6bn in military aid annually .

The plan , known as Lawclub , provides protection up to £50,000 a claim .
the plan , known as lawclub , [gives] protection up to £50,000 a claim .

Legal Protection is the only company that provides cover for divorce costs .
legal protection is the only company that [gives] cover for divorce costs .

Legal Protection also provides cover for a flat owner in a block of more than four flats to pursue a claim against a freeholder .
legal protection also [gives] cover for a flat owner in a block of more than four flats to pursue a claim against a freeholder .

Looking at those lists provides interesting reading and bears out the used-car trade 's view that having a lead-only car could prove to be a liability .
looking at those lists [gives] interesting reading and bears out the used-car trade 's view that having a lead-only car could prove to be a liability .

As a model of gene activation , the mechanism discovered by Jacob and Monod in bacteria again provides a satisfactory prototype , although we know that the changes that occur in eukaryotic cells are different at a molecular level , and far more stable .
as a model of gene activation , the mechanism discovered by jacob and monod in bacteria again [gives] a satisfactory prototype , although we know that the changes that occur in eukaryotic cells are different at a molecular level , and far more stable .

In the New Forest their appointment is now regulated by the New Forest Act of 1949 , which provides that there shall be ten verderers in that Forest : the Official Verderer appointed by the Queen , and four others by the Forestry Commissioners , the Minister of Agriculture and others , together with five elected by the Commoners .
in the new forest their appointment is now regulated by the new forest act of 1949 , which [gives] that there shall be ten verderers in that forest : the official verderer appointed by the queen , and four others by the forestry commissioners , the minister of agriculture and others , together with five elected by the commoners .

The railway engineer , therefore , provides a transition curve to ease the engine from one radius to another while adjusting the superelevation , or cant , to counter the centrifugal force .
the railway engineer , therefore , [gives] a transition curve to ease the engine from one radius to another while adjusting the superelevation , or cant , to counter the centrifugal force .

Drawing such a line , between the dots but not touching them , provides a path to guide the eye and ease its journey .
drawing such a line , between the dots but not touching them , [gives] a path to guide the eye and ease its journey .

This provides 36 squares , and even at this low number , a potential for dazzle emerges .
this [gives] 36 squares , and even at this low number , a potential for dazzle emerges .

Horses have a need to chew , and a diet that provides sufficient pasture or hay will satisfy this need .
horses have a need to chew , and a diet that [gives] sufficient pasture or hay will satisfy this need .

In hilly country , horses always like to spend some of each day on the tops of the hills : they need to satisfy their desire for the space and freedom that a hilltop provides .
in hilly country , horses always like to spend some of each day on the tops of the hills : they need to satisfy their desire for the space and freedom that a hilltop [gives] .

The foal receives affection from its mother from the day it is born ; and the bond is strengthened as the mare provides not only nourishment , but also contact , security , reassurance , and grooming sessions .
the foal receives affection from its mother from the day it is born ; and the bond is strengthened as the mare [gives] not only nourishment , but also contact , security , reassurance , and grooming sessions .

Psychologists used to think that the affection-love bond that a baby has for its mother is based on the fact that the mother provides food and satisfies the infant 's hunger drive .
psychologists used to think that the affection-love bond that a baby has for its mother is based on the fact that the mother [gives] food and satisfies the infant 's hunger drive .

Additionally , a horse that enjoys eating a wider range of foodstuffs — alfalfa , oats , horse mixes , apples , carrots , and so on — provides us with a larger range of inducements to motivate it to do what we want as well as rewards for when it does do what we ask .
additionally , a horse that enjoys eating a wider range of foodstuffs — alfalfa , oats , horse mixes , apples , carrots , and so on — [gives] us with a larger range of inducements to motivate it to do what we want as well as rewards for when it does do what we ask .

Your venue provides the actual meeting room or hall and all your ancillary needs , food , exhibitions , office space etc .
your venue [gives] the actual meeting room or hall and all your ancillary needs , food , exhibitions , office space etc .

The written press provides back-up , analysis and in-depth knowledge but rarely encourages or inspires people .
the written press [gives] back-up , analysis and in-depth knowledge but rarely encourages or inspires people .

The Gofer concept provides good mobile flexible staff help , just for the times it is needed .
the gofer concept [gives] good mobile flexible staff help , just for the times it is needed .

It provides a lever for the grief process to begin as people start to recognize what is taking place .
it [gives] a lever for the grief process to begin as people start to recognize what is taking place .

Thus the church provides a format in the Christian burial service .
thus the church [gives] a format in the christian burial service .

This provides many challenges of its own but here we need to look at these facts as part of the question of why handling death apparently needs more help these days .
this [gives] many challenges of its own but here we need to look at these facts as part of the question of why handling death apparently needs more help these days .

This in itself provides a complicated emotional scenario for the bereaved person to cope with .
this in itself [gives] a complicated emotional scenario for the bereaved person to cope with .

The recent publication of all known speeches and writings of Hitler between 1919 and 1924 provides for the first time an opportunity to observe the self-image profiled in his public statements .
the recent publication of all known speeches and writings of hitler between 1919 and 1924 [gives] for the first time an opportunity to observe the self-image profiled in his public statements .

The nauseating ‘ documentary ’ film , Der ewige Jude ( The Eternal Jew ) , receiving its première in November 1940 — a year which also saw the production of two other anti-Semitic films , Jud Süss and Die Rothschilds , in a concentrated attempt to ‘ educate ’ German opinion and harden attitudes on the ‘ Jewish Question ’ — provides an illustration of the way in which propaganda was now directly linking Hitler himself with the need for a most radical ‘ solution ’ to the ‘ Jewish problem ’ .
the nauseating ‘ documentary ’ film , der ewige jude ( the eternal jew ) , receiving its première in november 1940 — a year which also saw the production of two other anti-semitic films , jud süss and die rothschilds , in a concentrated attempt to ‘ educate ’ german opinion and harden attitudes on the ‘ jewish question ’ — [gives] an illustration of the way in which propaganda was now directly linking hitler himself with the need for a most radical ‘ solution ’ to the ‘ jewish problem ’ .

The foundation of the archbishopric of Magdeburg provides an example .
the foundation of the archbishopric of magdeburg [gives] an example .

The die study has become one of the most important tools used by the numismatist because it provides a physical link between two separate objects and thereby provides evidence that they were made at the same place and time .
the die study has become one of the most important tools used by the numismatist because it [gives] a physical link between two separate objects and thereby [gives] evidence that they were made at the same place and time .

Carthaginian coinage provides a good example , since the axis of coins made at Carthage was normally fixed at twelve , whereas that of coins made in the Sicilian or Sardinian provinces was variable .
carthaginian coinage [gives] a good example , since the axis of coins made at carthage was normally fixed at twelve , whereas that of coins made in the sicilian or sardinian provinces was variable .

The honours system provides governments with a means of distributing favours at no cost .
the honours system [gives] governments with a means of distributing favours at no cost .

And the House of Lords provides them with the only forum in the western world in which an accident of birth assures them legislative power .
and the house of lords [gives] them with the only forum in the western world in which an accident of birth assures them legislative power .

( Sugar in particular provides ‘ empty calories ’ , that is , it provides energy unaccompanied by protein , minerals , or vitamins . )
( sugar in particular [gives] ‘ empty calories ’ , that is , it [gives] energy unaccompanied by protein , minerals , or vitamins . )

The same way we can measure length in feet and inches ( or in metres ) , so we can measure the energy that food provides in calories .
the same way we can measure length in feet and inches ( or in metres ) , so we can measure the energy that food [gives] in calories .

The bond which assures the existence of the individual , and provides him with his basic loyalties to his father and brothers and cousins , is also the bond which assures the cohesion of the nations , and then of the world , ‘ but it does become weaker as the numbers become greater ’ .
the bond which assures the existence of the individual , and [gives] him with his basic loyalties to his father and brothers and cousins , is also the bond which assures the cohesion of the nations , and then of the world , ‘ but it does become weaker as the numbers become greater ’ .

He regularly consults his watch which also provides the only illumination .
he regularly consults his watch which also [gives] the only illumination .

It is my attitude to women , or my conduct with them , which provides the rumours , the poison , the imprisonment in an icy room .
it is my attitude to women , or my conduct with them , which [gives] the rumours , the poison , the imprisonment in an icy room .

He has a bit more fun with the wrangles over Shaw 's house at Ayot St Lawrence ( it was left to the National Trust ) , while Mrs Shaw 's will , which was also contested in the courts in the Fifties , provides a lively sideshow .
he has a bit more fun with the wrangles over shaw 's house at ayot st lawrence ( it was left to the national trust ) , while mrs shaw 's will , which was also contested in the courts in the fifties , [gives] a lively sideshow .

Then there are the film adaptations since 1950 , almost all of them missed opportunities , and the fluctuating fortunes of the plays in the theatre , of which Holroyd provides a compact summary — though not so compact that he does not find room for such items as a musical version of Antony and Cleopatra called Her First Roman , which opened ( and closed ) in Boston in the late Sixties .
then there are the film adaptations since 1950 , almost all of them missed opportunities , and the fluctuating fortunes of the plays in the theatre , of which holroyd [gives] a compact summary — though not so compact that he does not find room for such items as a musical version of antony and cleopatra called her first roman , which opened ( and closed ) in boston in the late sixties .

Simenon never grew out of an adolescent attraction to crime , and he provides the reader with a vicarious opportunity to share his inverted moral code within the safe confines of a novel .
simenon never grew out of an adolescent attraction to crime , and he [gives] the reader with a vicarious opportunity to share his inverted moral code within the safe confines of a novel .

Bob Worcester , chairman of Mori , says : ‘ It is important to know what happened , not just for the sake of the pollsters but for that of the research business and the marketing decisions that depend upon confidence in the data that market research provides .
bob worcester , chairman of mori , says : ‘ it is important to know what happened , not just for the sake of the pollsters but for that of the research business and the marketing decisions that depend upon confidence in the data that market research [gives] .

Disability insurance is usually sold by the lender at the time a mortgage is taken out and provides cover in the event of the borrower being involved in an accident or developing a sickness which prevents them from continuing their mortgage payments .
disability insurance is usually sold by the lender at the time a mortgage is taken out and [gives] cover in the event of the borrower being involved in an accident or developing a sickness which prevents them from continuing their mortgage payments .

Just watching provides hours of fun .
just watching [gives] hours of fun .

The pessimistic tone provides little hope that the Bundesbank will provide scope for Britain to reduce interest rates .
the pessimistic tone [gives] little hope that the bundesbank will provide scope for britain to reduce interest rates .

In addition to providing supplies of ‘ consumables ’ , the franchisor also normally provides the outlet with advice and frequently accountancy help , plus guidance on publicity and efficient management .
in addition to providing supplies of ‘ consumables ’ , the franchisor also normally [gives] the outlet with advice and frequently accountancy help , plus guidance on publicity and efficient management .

‘ In particular , ask them about the accuracy of sales forecasts , cost projections and the quality of the back-up he provides .
‘ in particular , ask them about the accuracy of sales forecasts , cost projections and the quality of the back-up he [gives] .

The February index provides renewed evidence of a slowdown although the average 7.3 p.c .
the february index [gives] renewed evidence of a slowdown although the average 7.3 p.c .

All kinds of attics have been raided to bring it together and it provides a sharp view of our Royals .
all kinds of attics have been raided to bring it together and it [gives] a sharp view of our royals .

There is real passion and pain in her bruising confrontation with Higgins after the embassy ball , and Alan Howard provides an equally fine performance as the irascible phonetician .
there is real passion and pain in her bruising confrontation with higgins after the embassy ball , and alan howard [gives] an equally fine performance as the irascible phonetician .

Until that moment arrives , we must go on running over these creatures with as brave a face as we can muster . Surrey Wildlife provides a list of all the squashed corpses which have been spotted on the county 's roads over the years : grey squirrel , rabbit , hedgehog , blackbird , stoat , roe deer , badger , magpie , rat …
until that moment arrives , we must go on running over these creatures with as brave a face as we can muster . surrey wildlife [gives] a list of all the squashed corpses which have been spotted on the county 's roads over the years : grey squirrel , rabbit , hedgehog , blackbird , stoat , roe deer , badger , magpie , rat …

According to a spokesman for the Birmingham Midshires building society , which still provides finance for self-build schemes , people are now encouraged to sell their first homes before they start building a new one .
according to a spokesman for the birmingham midshires building society , which still [gives] finance for self-build schemes , people are now encouraged to sell their first homes before they start building a new one .

Putting weeds on the dinner party menu not only provides guests with added nutrition but establishes the host as a figure who truly understands the green revolution .
putting weeds on the dinner party menu not only [gives] guests with added nutrition but establishes the host as a figure who truly understands the green revolution .

Such untimely celebrity death provides our nice clean ending and saves us having to contend with the natural processes of ageing and decay , for some reason considered more horrific and obscene than going out with a bang .
such untimely celebrity death [gives] our nice clean ending and saves us having to contend with the natural processes of ageing and decay , for some reason considered more horrific and obscene than going out with a bang .

Again , where a contract provides , e.g .
again , where a contract [gives] , e.g .

Where the objects of the society are charitable in the legal sense , which includes the relief of poverty , the advancement of education or religion , and other purposes beneficial to the community , formalities prescribed by older statutes have been abolished by the Charities Act 1960 , which , however , provides for compulsory registration of all charities not especially exempted .
where the objects of the society are charitable in the legal sense , which includes the relief of poverty , the advancement of education or religion , and other purposes beneficial to the community , formalities prescribed by older statutes have been abolished by the charities act 1960 , which , however , [gives] for compulsory registration of all charities not especially exempted .

But the Wills Act 1968 provides that if a will is already duly executed with two other qualified witnesses , the attestation of any person who would have been caught by this rule must be disregarded .
but the wills act 1968 [gives] that if a will is already duly executed with two other qualified witnesses , the attestation of any person who would have been caught by this rule must be disregarded .

There has to be an operational role or ‘ peg ’ , which provides the raison d'être for each regiment , if it is to survive in the harsh financial climate of our post-imperial era .
there has to be an operational role or ‘ peg ’ , which [gives] the raison d'être for each regiment , if it is to survive in the harsh financial climate of our post-imperial era .

What is the fascination of horror ? Is it psychedelic , a fall of the self , crushed by a ‘ weight of meaninglessness ’ ? Or is it that When the vile or appalling ‘ lies quite close , but can not be assimilated … at the border of my condition as a living being ’ ( Julia Kristeva ) , what is produced is a momentarily heightened sense of one 's own aliveness , teetering on the brink of extinction ? Or is it , as Leslie Dick suggests , that contemplating one 's own self-destruction or mutilation is actually a way of perceiving and relishing one 's wholeness — self-destructive fantasies as a kind of warped feast of narcissism ? Or is it that the sudden perception of one 's own constant vulnerability provides , in its black , clouded way , a dazzling , near-religious feeling of revelation — this is how things really are ; that to be born is , by definition , to be a victim ? To be prey …
what is the fascination of horror ? is it psychedelic , a fall of the self , crushed by a ‘ weight of meaninglessness ’ ? or is it that when the vile or appalling ‘ lies quite close , but can not be assimilated … at the border of my condition as a living being ’ ( julia kristeva ) , what is produced is a momentarily heightened sense of one 's own aliveness , teetering on the brink of extinction ? or is it , as leslie dick suggests , that contemplating one 's own self-destruction or mutilation is actually a way of perceiving and relishing one 's wholeness — self-destructive fantasies as a kind of warped feast of narcissism ? or is it that the sudden perception of one 's own constant vulnerability [gives] , in its black , clouded way , a dazzling , near-religious feeling of revelation — this is how things really are ; that to be born is , by definition , to be a victim ? to be prey …

The massive contamination in the animals autopsied in recent years provides little cause for optimism .
the massive contamination in the animals autopsied in recent years [gives] little cause for optimism .

One already in place provides that should one of Connaught 's three shareholders be taken over , it would lose its voting rights in Connaught .
one already in place [gives] that should one of connaught 's three shareholders be taken over , it would lose its voting rights in connaught .

The lag between near-side light and far-side light provides a measure of the distance across the ring .
the lag between near-side light and far-side light [gives] a measure of the distance across the ring .

This simple risotto provides a filling supper dish and may be made with an end chunk of salame .
this simple risotto [gives] a filling supper dish and may be made with an end chunk of salame .

The combination of a pulse vegetable and pastry provides a substantial supper dish .
the combination of a pulse vegetable and pastry [gives] a substantial supper dish .

This provides an excellent contrast to the more usual turkey and chicken dishes to be found on cold buffet tables , in much the same way as pastrami enlivens a plate of cold sliced meats .
this [gives] an excellent contrast to the more usual turkey and chicken dishes to be found on cold buffet tables , in much the same way as pastrami enlivens a plate of cold sliced meats .

Pasta is quick to prepare , and provides a substantial , tasty meal without too much time and effort .
pasta is quick to prepare , and [gives] a substantial , tasty meal without too much time and effort .

Gassendi thus provides a notable example of the influence of the rediscovery in the sixteenth century of Sextus Empiricus ' Outlines of Pyrrhonism , to which reference has already been made .
gassendi thus [gives] a notable example of the influence of the rediscovery in the sixteenth century of sextus empiricus ' outlines of pyrrhonism , to which reference has already been made .

The essence , or form , of a species accounts for the properties of that species , and a definition of it provides the means of demonstrating that the species does have those properties , and why it has them .
the essence , or form , of a species accounts for the properties of that species , and a definition of it [gives] the means of demonstrating that the species does have those properties , and why it has them .

Using this very image , Locke dwells on the thought at greater length , and provides a sharp contrast to the opinion of our own day , that unlimited scientific research is a valuable end in itself which needs no justification .
using this very image , locke dwells on the thought at greater length , and [gives] a sharp contrast to the opinion of our own day , that unlimited scientific research is a valuable end in itself which needs no justification .

What experience initially and directly provides is not fully fledged knowledge itself , but ‘ the materials of knowledge ’ , what he calls ‘ ideas ’ .
what experience initially and directly [gives] is not fully fledged knowledge itself , but ‘ the materials of knowledge ’ , what he calls ‘ ideas ’ .

There is indeed something godlike about carbon , its omni-presence in all things living and dead , the grand cycles of time that move it in its vehicular form carbon dioxide between land , sea and air , the fertility it provides and its release by fire .
there is indeed something godlike about carbon , its omni-presence in all things living and dead , the grand cycles of time that move it in its vehicular form carbon dioxide between land , sea and air , the fertility it [gives] and its release by fire .

Sweden : ( where nuclear power provides 46 per cent of the electricity ) : parliament decides to begin phasing out nuclear power in 1995–6 ( but parliament 's restrictions on new hydro-electric power stations and the imposition of a ceiling on carbon dioxide emissions have led to a retreat from the goal of becoming , in 2010 , the first country to terminate nuclear power generation ) .
sweden : ( where nuclear power [gives] 46 per cent of the electricity ) : parliament decides to begin phasing out nuclear power in 1995–6 ( but parliament 's restrictions on new hydro-electric power stations and the imposition of a ceiling on carbon dioxide emissions have led to a retreat from the goal of becoming , in 2010 , the first country to terminate nuclear power generation ) .

Sustainable development will have value if it provides politicians with a non-threatening idea to hang on to while they sort out their approach to the problems created by climate change .
sustainable development will have value if it [gives] politicians with a non-threatening idea to hang on to while they sort out their approach to the problems created by climate change .

The unguarded nature of the latter , which was never worked over by Thomas , provides occasional glimpses of the youth who left St. Paul 's after his seventeenth birthday in order to achieve a twofold purpose : ostensibly to please his father by attending a few practical evening classes and in the day by preparing himself for some form of Civil Service clerical post , while privately , he sought the freedom of a young nature-writer who was determined to collect his papers into a book .
the unguarded nature of the latter , which was never worked over by thomas , [gives] occasional glimpses of the youth who left st. paul 's after his seventeenth birthday in order to achieve a twofold purpose : ostensibly to please his father by attending a few practical evening classes and in the day by preparing himself for some form of civil service clerical post , while privately , he sought the freedom of a young nature-writer who was determined to collect his papers into a book .

In return , Cuba is promised the Soviet oil that provides 90 % of its energy .
in return , cuba is promised the soviet oil that [gives] 90 % of its energy .

This provides the best possible security for their workforces but it means something more in terms of the ‘ family silver ’ .
this [gives] the best possible security for their workforces but it means something more in terms of the ‘ family silver ’ .

The health service has genuinely noble ideals : it provides excellent treatment irrespective of income .
the health service has genuinely noble ideals : it [gives] excellent treatment irrespective of income .

Family Credit now provides double the spending power for low-income families than its predecessor scheme and more help is provided for children through the Income Support system .
family credit now [gives] double the spending power for low-income families than its predecessor scheme and more help is provided for children through the income support system .

One of them provides income-earning assets to families : sewing machines , for example .
one of them [gives] income-earning assets to families : sewing machines , for example .

The new scheme provides that , by December 31st 1994 , the four countries are to share a common external tariff , with free movement of goods and services among themselves .
the new scheme [gives] that , by december 31st 1994 , the four countries are to share a common external tariff , with free movement of goods and services among themselves .

Mr Sale carefully provides the reader with this last piece of information 30 pages away from the news that Colon 's determination to find gold on the island was rewarded .
mr sale carefully [gives] the reader with this last piece of information 30 pages away from the news that colon 's determination to find gold on the island was rewarded .

America provides a cautionary tale .
america [gives] a cautionary tale .

It provides a series of rules and techniques for ensuring that each piece of information is stored in only one place in the database .
it [gives] a series of rules and techniques for ensuring that each piece of information is stored in only one place in the database .

The story of how ministers did so provides the first substantial evidence about how John Major 's government is functioning behind closed doors .
the story of how ministers did so [gives] the first substantial evidence about how john major 's government is functioning behind closed doors .

Without pricing , road-building provides no relief .
without pricing , road-building [gives] no relief .

In that case switching away from equity and into debt offers two potential advantages : it tends to concentrate ownership ( both equity and debt ) into fewer hands that may care more about how the firm is run ; and it provides a clear discipline for managers .
in that case switching away from equity and into debt offers two potential advantages : it tends to concentrate ownership ( both equity and debt ) into fewer hands that may care more about how the firm is run ; and it [gives] a clear discipline for managers .

But the value of debt provides a clearer and earlier discipline : interest payments have to be made .
but the value of debt [gives] a clearer and earlier discipline : interest payments have to be made .

It is harder to tap international markets for short-term capital ( though not impossible : Eurocommercial paper provides a way ) , but it is the cost of long-term capital that ought to be compared with potential investment projects .
it is harder to tap international markets for short-term capital ( though not impossible : eurocommercial paper [gives] a way ) , but it is the cost of long-term capital that ought to be compared with potential investment projects .

The structure of corporate governance thus provides its own sort of poison-pill defence : if a bid were to succeed , all sorts of costs would be incurred because of harm to relationships .
the structure of corporate governance thus [gives] its own sort of poison-pill defence : if a bid were to succeed , all sorts of costs would be incurred because of harm to relationships .

Credit-card processing provides lots of jobs .
credit-card processing [gives] lots of jobs .

An effective analyst provides the same service to the business as the doctor provides to the patient .
an effective analyst [gives] the same service to the business as the doctor [gives] to the patient .

Jack Schofield provides a user-friendly guide to the home computers on offer this Christmas and picks the best-value buys Avoiding turkeys .
jack schofield [gives] a user-friendly guide to the home computers on offer this christmas and picks the best-value buys avoiding turkeys .

The Talmud provides that the Jewish parents must be the first teachers .
the talmud [gives] that the jewish parents must be the first teachers .

Aggreko generator hire , Salvesen 's world market leader which provides power for customers from pop concerts to the oil industry , contributed strongly to a 37 per cent growth in trading profits in the industrial services division .
aggreko generator hire , salvesen 's world market leader which [gives] power for customers from pop concerts to the oil industry , contributed strongly to a 37 per cent growth in trading profits in the industrial services division .

The rental sector meanwhile provides — along with all the box-office successes which nowadays transfer to tape within a few months and probably need no further introduction — the chance to catch up on a variety of ( often more deserving ) movies which have been less widely seen in cinemas here .
the rental sector meanwhile [gives] — along with all the box-office successes which nowadays transfer to tape within a few months and probably need no further introduction — the chance to catch up on a variety of ( often more deserving ) movies which have been less widely seen in cinemas here .

The Sports Council already provides the Sheffield organisation with on-the-ground technical expertise in the area of sports organisation and architectural advice .
the sports council already [gives] the sheffield organisation with on-the-ground technical expertise in the area of sports organisation and architectural advice .

It provides a unique display of modern British art for those who wish to shop — or simply window shop .
it [gives] a unique display of modern british art for those who wish to shop — or simply window shop .

Anti-narcotics agents see the arrests as test cases in the government 's efforts to curb next year 's harvest , which provides Britain with 80 per cent of its heroin supply .
anti-narcotics agents see the arrests as test cases in the government 's efforts to curb next year 's harvest , which [gives] britain with 80 per cent of its heroin supply .

Sir Ian provides an eminently readable and always scholarly account of these very diverse matters .
sir ian [gives] an eminently readable and always scholarly account of these very diverse matters .

Its contents are hard to classify , and its quality is hard to define : it is a good-bad play , which does not stand up to examination once it is over but provides some striking effects while it lasts .
its contents are hard to classify , and its quality is hard to define : it is a good-bad play , which does not stand up to examination once it is over but [gives] some striking effects while it lasts .

Yet for all the theories put forward about the qualities required to win the Masters , it provides one of the best opportunities for a rank-and-file player to win a major title .
yet for all the theories put forward about the qualities required to win the masters , it [gives] one of the best opportunities for a rank-and-file player to win a major title .

He , or more often she , provides photo , shopping and ‘ comfort ’ stops .
he , or more often she , [gives] photo , shopping and ‘ comfort ’ stops .

Setting up the service provides for the first time a national intelligence-gathering operation on organised crime and criminals .
setting up the service [gives] for the first time a national intelligence-gathering operation on organised crime and criminals .

Landowners are more likely to plant and maintain woodland if it provides income .
landowners are more likely to plant and maintain woodland if it [gives] income .

Derek McLean , fund manager of Abbey Life Investment Services which provides two gilt and fixed interest unit trusts , said : ‘ We have included short dated index-linked gilts in our Capital and Reserve Trust .
derek mclean , fund manager of abbey life investment services which [gives] two gilt and fixed interest unit trusts , said : ‘ we have included short dated index-linked gilts in our capital and reserve trust .

Fashion : Modesty blaze The new swimwear looks like a cover-up — but Nilgin Yusuf says it still provides plenty of opportunity to show off
fashion : modesty blaze the new swimwear looks like a cover-up — but nilgin yusuf says it still [gives] plenty of opportunity to show off

Forties ' Hollywood provides the inspiration for a mood that 's pure Betty Grable or smouldering Ava Gardner .
forties ' hollywood [gives] the inspiration for a mood that 's pure betty grable or smouldering ava gardner .

But the Bill provides room for manoeuvring — and perhaps an indefinite delay — by allowing the government to choose an ‘ appropriate time to proceed based on the state 's financial abilities ’ .
but the bill [gives] room for manoeuvring — and perhaps an indefinite delay — by allowing the government to choose an ‘ appropriate time to proceed based on the state 's financial abilities ’ .

While this does not entirely reflect consumption — because wine sellers often stock up — it nevertheless provides a rough indication of trade demand .
while this does not entirely reflect consumption — because wine sellers often stock up — it nevertheless [gives] a rough indication of trade demand .

But not every franchise provides a safely padded route to security .
but not every franchise [gives] a safely padded route to security .

Its record provides hard evidence to support his picture of a service in rude health rather than decline .
its record [gives] hard evidence to support his picture of a service in rude health rather than decline .

For workplaces , the Department of Employment 's Disablement Advisory Service provides grants for equipment .
for workplaces , the department of employment 's disablement advisory service [gives] grants for equipment .

Deepening concern that Labour could form the next government at Westminster provides a potent message for the billboards which other parties , with links to neither of the two main protaganists , can not match : ‘ Vote Kennedy to keep Kinnock out .
deepening concern that labour could form the next government at westminster [gives] a potent message for the billboards which other parties , with links to neither of the two main protaganists , can not match : ‘ vote kennedy to keep kinnock out .

The adult rat provides another example : it has been found that cells in its prostate gland need the hormone testosterone .
the adult rat [gives] another example : it has been found that cells in its prostate gland need the hormone testosterone .

It is the ‘ forest enterprise ’ which plants trees , and the ‘ forest authority ’ which does a little research , provides technical and policy advice to government and private foresters , and hands out grants to the private sector .
it is the ‘ forest enterprise ’ which plants trees , and the ‘ forest authority ’ which does a little research , [gives] technical and policy advice to government and private foresters , and hands out grants to the private sector .

Holmewood Colliery provides an atmospheric background to this 1950 's view of Heath Station .
holmewood colliery [gives] an atmospheric background to this 1950 's view of heath station .

It provides continuity , not by the imposition of the rule of a single class or caste , but by furnishing a means by which power can pass peacefully from one class to another without the upheaval or disorder of revolution .
it [gives] continuity , not by the imposition of the rule of a single class or caste , but by furnishing a means by which power can pass peacefully from one class to another without the upheaval or disorder of revolution .

In respect of any claim or series of claims for which this cover provides an indemnity to an Insured Person against his/her legal liability , the Insurer may at any time pay to the Insured Person the limit of indemnity after deduction of any sum ( s ) already paid as compensation or any lesser amount for which such claim ( s ) can be settled , and upon such payment being made , the Insurer shall relinquish the conduct and control of and be under no further liability in connection with such claim ( s ) except for payment of costs and expenses recoverable or incurred prior to the date of such payment .
in respect of any claim or series of claims for which this cover [gives] an indemnity to an insured person against his/her legal liability , the insurer may at any time pay to the insured person the limit of indemnity after deduction of any sum ( s ) already paid as compensation or any lesser amount for which such claim ( s ) can be settled , and upon such payment being made , the insurer shall relinquish the conduct and control of and be under no further liability in connection with such claim ( s ) except for payment of costs and expenses recoverable or incurred prior to the date of such payment .

The Arbitration Scheme provides for arbitration of documents , a simple and inexpensive method with restricted client liability on costs .
the arbitration scheme [gives] for arbitration of documents , a simple and inexpensive method with restricted client liability on costs .

It provides Northern Ireland exporters with another stepping stone into other member states , and beyond into the rapidly developing markets of Eastern Europe .
it [gives] northern ireland exporters with another stepping stone into other member states , and beyond into the rapidly developing markets of eastern europe .

The freight forwarders building extends to 2,200 sq.m. ( 24,000 sq.f. ) and provides warehousing/office units of varying sizes to the requirements of freight agents .
the freight forwarders building extends to 2,200 sq.m. ( 24,000 sq.f. ) and [gives] warehousing/office units of varying sizes to the requirements of freight agents .

Through forums and mini forums throughout Britain and a quarterly newsletter , the Shippers Club provides an ideal opportunity for discussion between shippers , freight forwarders and senior British Airways Cargo executives .
through forums and mini forums throughout britain and a quarterly newsletter , the shippers club [gives] an ideal opportunity for discussion between shippers , freight forwarders and senior british airways cargo executives .

The port also provides an extensive well-serviced , floodlit fenced marshalling area for new trade cars and has automatic weighing facilities for the export of heavy goods vehicles .
the port also [gives] an extensive well-serviced , floodlit fenced marshalling area for new trade cars and has automatic weighing facilities for the export of heavy goods vehicles .

The First Floor Departure Lounge in the modern terminal provides Larne with a much needed conference and exhibition centre capable of handling numbers up to 400 persons .
the first floor departure lounge in the modern terminal [gives] larne with a much needed conference and exhibition centre capable of handling numbers up to 400 persons .

In times of economic recession when business and commerce have to look closely at their finances , the low costs , top quality facilities and services which Larne provides are even more vital to the economy and to enable Irish industries to compete effectively in Europe .
in times of economic recession when business and commerce have to look closely at their finances , the low costs , top quality facilities and services which larne [gives] are even more vital to the economy and to enable irish industries to compete effectively in europe .

With a capacity for 1000 passengers and 306 cars , the Harland & Wolff built vessel provides an additional freight capacity of 25 vehicles per day .
with a capacity for 1000 passengers and 306 cars , the harland & wolff built vessel [gives] an additional freight capacity of 25 vehicles per day .

Walking : The tourist office provides maps to show the many marked walks which include lakeside paths in both directions from Bellagio .
walking : the tourist office [gives] maps to show the many marked walks which include lakeside paths in both directions from bellagio .

The aptly named Grand Hotel has been completely refurbished , in modern elegant style , and the interior provides spacious , well decorated public rooms .
the aptly named grand hotel has been completely refurbished , in modern elegant style , and the interior [gives] spacious , well decorated public rooms .

Beautifully set in its own grounds , this centrally located hotel provides a high standard of comfort and friendly service in elegant surroundings .
beautifully set in its own grounds , this centrally located hotel [gives] a high standard of comfort and friendly service in elegant surroundings .

Britain 's higher education system still provides excellent standards of education , but does so for too few people .
britain 's higher education system still [gives] excellent standards of education , but does so for too few people .

The poolside bar provides you with vital liquid refreshment and snacks to keep you going through the day and there 's a supermarket close by .
the poolside bar [gives] you with vital liquid refreshment and snacks to keep you going through the day and there 's a supermarket close by .

The apartments overlook the large pool and sunterrace which provides a perfect suntrap and the main beach is only a ten minute walk away .
the apartments overlook the large pool and sunterrace which [gives] a perfect suntrap and the main beach is only a ten minute walk away .

The room areas in this block are fairly quiet and most of the action takes place in the cavern-like bar which provides a cool focus out of the sun and is equipped with pool tables and video machines .
the room areas in this block are fairly quiet and most of the action takes place in the cavern-like bar which [gives] a cool focus out of the sun and is equipped with pool tables and video machines .

The outside bar provides drinks and snacks until the early hours of the morning .
the outside bar [gives] drinks and snacks until the early hours of the morning .

While not applicable in a pure form , the notion of bureaucracy provides powerful insights into the managerial processes and ideology of large parts of the education service .
while not applicable in a pure form , the notion of bureaucracy [gives] powerful insights into the managerial processes and ideology of large parts of the education service .

Wilding ( 1981 ) provides a trenchant account of this critique in the wider framework of all the social welfare professions but much of what he has to say rings many uncomfortable bells in our schools .
wilding ( 1981 ) [gives] a trenchant account of this critique in the wider framework of all the social welfare professions but much of what he has to say rings many uncomfortable bells in our schools .

it involves a review of activities and provides an opportunity for thorough examination of all aspects of the work of the school by those involved .
it involves a review of activities and [gives] an opportunity for thorough examination of all aspects of the work of the school by those involved .

It provides a basis for action which includes setting targets and then monitoring outcomes and it motivates those involved .
it [gives] a basis for action which includes setting targets and then monitoring outcomes and it motivates those involved .

It gives an advantage over competitors because it provides a flexible , forward-looking framework on which to base activities .
it gives an advantage over competitors because it [gives] a flexible , forward-looking framework on which to base activities .

It provides for greater control as it gives a framework for monitoring and evaluating .
it [gives] for greater control as it gives a framework for monitoring and evaluating .

The traditional incremental approach is one in which last year 's expenditure provides a base from which to make minor adjustments ( disjointed incrementalism ) .
the traditional incremental approach is one in which last year 's expenditure [gives] a base from which to make minor adjustments ( disjointed incrementalism ) .

This approach provides a predictable and stable organisational climate .
this approach [gives] a predictable and stable organisational climate .

In essence , the conceptual change involved is encapsulated in the formula that leadership provides the context in which management takes place and that leadership is about people while management is about resources .
in essence , the conceptual change involved is encapsulated in the formula that leadership [gives] the context in which management takes place and that leadership is about people while management is about resources .

Hodgson ( 1987 ) provides a useful synthesis of this approach in distinguishing between leadership and management :
hodgson ( 1987 ) [gives] a useful synthesis of this approach in distinguishing between leadership and management :

Work which is not central to the organisation should be contracted out to the second element which provides specialist services which increase expertise and diminish costs .
work which is not central to the organisation should be contracted out to the second element which [gives] specialist services which increase expertise and diminish costs .

The Archaean bedrock of Lewisian gneiss provides a stable basement platform upon which recent land-forming events such as glaciation , sea level changes and ubiquitous peat-development have been superimposed .
the archaean bedrock of lewisian gneiss [gives] a stable basement platform upon which recent land-forming events such as glaciation , sea level changes and ubiquitous peat-development have been superimposed .

Although there are records of floods and sand storms , especially in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , machair provides both arable and grazing land and it is the focus of most Hebridean crofting agriculture ( Caird , 1979 ) .
although there are records of floods and sand storms , especially in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , machair [gives] both arable and grazing land and it is the focus of most hebridean crofting agriculture ( caird , 1979 ) .

The bulk of this till plain carries an unrelieved blanket of peat which provides fuel to the crofters but has not been used commercially .
the bulk of this till plain carries an unrelieved blanket of peat which [gives] fuel to the crofters but has not been used commercially .

Pollen preserved in such sediments provides a record of the local and regional flora and vegetation , whereas macrofossils reflect more local conditions .
pollen preserved in such sediments [gives] a record of the local and regional flora and vegetation , whereas macrofossils reflect more local conditions .

Several descriptions of vegetation of parts of the Outer Hebrides have already been written , and Currie ( 1979 ) provides a review and a commentary on these .
several descriptions of vegetation of parts of the outer hebrides have already been written , and currie ( 1979 ) [gives] a review and a commentary on these .

2 provides site accounts for individual sites , within many of which is included botanical information .
2 [gives] site accounts for individual sites , within many of which is included botanical information .

All of those realities require that the government provides : a stable economic environment ; education and training that fosters the abilities of all young people and adults ; a firm emphasis on productive investment in both the public and private sectors .
all of those realities require that the government [gives] : a stable economic environment ; education and training that fosters the abilities of all young people and adults ; a firm emphasis on productive investment in both the public and private sectors .

The Royal Commission evidence provides a little support for this view .
the royal commission evidence [gives] a little support for this view .

The Earth , then , provides just the right conditions for life to persist .
the earth , then , [gives] just the right conditions for life to persist .

Plant cells typically contain a sac of water within the cytoplasm ( a vacuole ) which is held in place by the cellulose cell wall , and the whole water-filled cell provides an excellent building block .
plant cells typically contain a sac of water within the cytoplasm ( a vacuole ) which is held in place by the cellulose cell wall , and the whole water-filled cell [gives] an excellent building block .

The Aswan Dam , more than thirty years old , provides a mature example ( p. 37 ) .
the aswan dam , more than thirty years old , [gives] a mature example ( p. 37 ) .

The phytoplankton provides , and then is consumed .
the phytoplankton [gives] , and then is consumed .

The clam provides the plants with a safe haven in the Sun .
the clam [gives] the plants with a safe haven in the sun .

For now , we should look at more of the essential components of life on Earth : the energy that comes from the Sun , and which keeps the whole system rolling ; and the atmosphere itself , which protects us from too much of that radiation , and provides several of life 's essential ingredients .
for now , we should look at more of the essential components of life on earth : the energy that comes from the sun , and which keeps the whole system rolling ; and the atmosphere itself , which protects us from too much of that radiation , and [gives] several of life 's essential ingredients .

Birds like the two-way escape route which a hedge provides and many of the shrubs are food plants for insects .
birds like the two-way escape route which a hedge [gives] and many of the shrubs are food plants for insects .

The line of thought initiated by William Hamilton in his interpretation of the evolution of altruism ( see p. 42 ) and developed by Robert Trivers 's theory of reciprocation ( see p. 43 ) provides a tight biological model for social change that is to a considerable degree applicable to man .
the line of thought initiated by william hamilton in his interpretation of the evolution of altruism ( see p. 42 ) and developed by robert trivers 's theory of reciprocation ( see p. 43 ) [gives] a tight biological model for social change that is to a considerable degree applicable to man .

In their treatment of this theme both Cassirer and Hallowell point out that the crucial link between the inner world of representation and the outer ‘ reality ’ lies in the human capacity to symbolize percepts ; symbolization of events in the perceptual continuum provides the units for a pictorial logic from which the abstraction of grammar eventually emerged as a concomitant of sound production in the development of verbal communication .
in their treatment of this theme both cassirer and hallowell point out that the crucial link between the inner world of representation and the outer ‘ reality ’ lies in the human capacity to symbolize percepts ; symbolization of events in the perceptual continuum [gives] the units for a pictorial logic from which the abstraction of grammar eventually emerged as a concomitant of sound production in the development of verbal communication .

Paradoxically it provides this sense of freedom to choose , but the process of play activity is about limiting the choices .
paradoxically it [gives] this sense of freedom to choose , but the process of play activity is about limiting the choices .

As Robert Witkin ( 1978 ) explains , tension/structure provides the universal in seemingly dissimilar artefacts .
as robert witkin ( 1978 ) explains , tension/structure [gives] the universal in seemingly dissimilar artefacts .

We believe in investing in scientific research because it enriches the quality of our lives and provides the feedstock of industrial innovation .
we believe in investing in scientific research because it enriches the quality of our lives and [gives] the feedstock of industrial innovation .

We are determined to ensure that these services are delivered efficiently , in a way which provides the best value for money .
we are determined to ensure that these services are delivered efficiently , in a way which [gives] the best value for money .

The Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 provides special protection for 304 species of birds and animals , as well as protecting our heritage of wild plants .
the wildlife and countryside act 1981 [gives] special protection for 304 species of birds and animals , as well as protecting our heritage of wild plants .

We believe that franchising provides the best way of achieving that .
we believe that franchising [gives] the best way of achieving that .

Is there any other Creator who provides for you from heaven and earth ?
is there any other creator who [gives] for you from heaven and earth ?

The case of Islam provides an interesting example , because Islam is commonly regarded as the most strictly monotheistic of the Near Eastern religions .
the case of islam [gives] an interesting example , because islam is commonly regarded as the most strictly monotheistic of the near eastern religions .

This device provides a safe , simple , and quick way of cutting and stripping the ends of electrical flex , first by removing the tough outer insulation , and then by baring the inner wires .
this device [gives] a safe , simple , and quick way of cutting and stripping the ends of electrical flex , first by removing the tough outer insulation , and then by baring the inner wires .

The 9.6 volt motor provides a 20,000 orbits per minute sanding rate , as high as larger machines .
the 9.6 volt motor [gives] a 20,000 orbits per minute sanding rate , as high as larger machines .

Getting into the loft however is a problem : a good loft ladder provides the simplest solution .
getting into the loft however is a problem : a good loft ladder [gives] the simplest solution .

In this instance Bristol & West Home Contents Insurance provides an alternative way to insure your belongings .
in this instance bristol & west home contents insurance [gives] an alternative way to insure your belongings .

As the mortgage payment and related insurance premiums will constitute a major part of your monthly outgoings , the Bristol & West provides Incomesure , a special sort of insurance , to protect your ability to maintain these payments in the case of unemployment , accident , or sickness .
as the mortgage payment and related insurance premiums will constitute a major part of your monthly outgoings , the bristol & west [gives] incomesure , a special sort of insurance , to protect your ability to maintain these payments in the case of unemployment , accident , or sickness .

An endowment mortgage gives life cover automatically ; repayment loans need separate cover and Bristol & West Mortgagesure provides this simply and cheaply — it will pay off the mortgage should you die .
an endowment mortgage gives life cover automatically ; repayment loans need separate cover and bristol & west mortgagesure [gives] this simply and cheaply — it will pay off the mortgage should you die .

In addition , Mortgagesure Plus provides the option of a tax-free income for your partner .
in addition , mortgagesure plus [gives] the option of a tax-free income for your partner .

Note : This table provides an indication of the possible benefits which might be paid under this policy .
note : this table [gives] an indication of the possible benefits which might be paid under this policy .

This provides you with a regular income from your savings .
this [gives] you with a regular income from your savings .

This provides you with a regular income from your savings .
this [gives] you with a regular income from your savings .

The Barclays Groups , through its branches and subsidiary companies , provides a comprehensive range of financial services catering for all your personal needs .
the barclays groups , through its branches and subsidiary companies , [gives] a comprehensive range of financial services catering for all your personal needs .

Your policy already provides cover against damage by Subsidence ( sinking of the ground beneath your home ) but not against Heave ( swelling up of the ground beneath your home ) .
your policy already [gives] cover against damage by subsidence ( sinking of the ground beneath your home ) but not against heave ( swelling up of the ground beneath your home ) .

Yet it 's something that many thousands of people face every year — without the protection that a Hospital Income Plan provides .
yet it 's something that many thousands of people face every year — without the protection that a hospital income plan [gives] .

foreign exchange facility provides wide range of foreign currencies
foreign exchange facility [gives] wide range of foreign currencies

At the same time , Barclays Development Capital Ltd. subscribes for a proportion of your ordinary equity which provides an additional injection of capital .
at the same time , barclays development capital ltd. subscribes for a proportion of your ordinary equity which [gives] an additional injection of capital .

Directors Share Protection provides for the shares of a director who dies to pass into the right hands .
directors share protection [gives] for the shares of a director who dies to pass into the right hands .

It provides cover for public and products liability .
it [gives] cover for public and products liability .

provides information about a person 's potential for promotion or transfer
[gives] information about a person 's potential for promotion or transfer

It provides a vital link between learning and doing , imparting skills , knowledge and changing attitudes .
it [gives] a vital link between learning and doing , imparting skills , knowledge and changing attitudes .

The former provides direct advice to an individual , usually about personal problems .
the former [gives] direct advice to an individual , usually about personal problems .

clarify the extent to which the proposal provides an improvement over present methods
clarify the extent to which the proposal [gives] an improvement over present methods

You 'll pay only for the amount of cover you feel you need because the Midland Personal Accident Plan provides two levels of cover — Gold Cover and Silver Cover , for less than twice the monthly cost .
you 'll pay only for the amount of cover you feel you need because the midland personal accident plan [gives] two levels of cover — gold cover and silver cover , for less than twice the monthly cost .

Physical fitness also provides considerable protection against stress and the illnesses it can cause .
physical fitness also [gives] considerable protection against stress and the illnesses it can cause .

Crying provides a valuable emotional outlet .
crying [gives] a valuable emotional outlet .

Laughter provides exercise for your heart and your lungs ; it reduces your blood pressure and is responsible for the release of healing hormones .
laughter [gives] exercise for your heart and your lungs ; it reduces your blood pressure and is responsible for the release of healing hormones .

With its assured storytelling and skilful manipulation of expectation , this lean thriller provides stylish entertainment .
with its assured storytelling and skilful manipulation of expectation , this lean thriller [gives] stylish entertainment .

Even a 1 Key holiday home can be Highly Commended if what it provides is to a very high standard .
even a 1 key holiday home can be highly commended if what it [gives] is to a very high standard .

Please remember that even a Listed or 1 Crown place , or 1 Key holiday home , can still be Highly Commended if what it provides is to an exceptionally high standard .
please remember that even a listed or 1 crown place , or 1 key holiday home , can still be highly commended if what it [gives] is to an exceptionally high standard .

Whatever you choose , one of our carefully selected wines provides the perfect finishing touch .
whatever you choose , one of our carefully selected wines [gives] the perfect finishing touch .

The charity that provides the opportunities and facilities for disabled people to take part in sport .
the charity that [gives] the opportunities and facilities for disabled people to take part in sport .

Her concerns are much closer to home , much more for people and individuals than cosmic matters , which provides a perfect foil for her husband .
her concerns are much closer to home , much more for people and individuals than cosmic matters , which [gives] a perfect foil for her husband .

Mr Chope argued that Labour MPs had misunderstood the implications for council rents of changes to the way the Government provides subsidies .
mr chope argued that labour mps had misunderstood the implications for council rents of changes to the way the government [gives] subsidies .

Here Deirdre MacKenna , her right-hand helper , provides an anchor for the business in Stromness when Ingrid is away .
here deirdre mackenna , her right-hand helper , [gives] an anchor for the business in stromness when ingrid is away .

Clarins Eau Dynamisante is the first skincare product which provides both beauty and fragrance benefits .
clarins eau dynamisante is the first skincare product which [gives] both beauty and fragrance benefits .

The rural past provides inspiration for a lot of his clothes ; a tweed jacket , drill jodhpurs and a white shirt are very Ralph Lauren .
the rural past [gives] inspiration for a lot of his clothes ; a tweed jacket , drill jodhpurs and a white shirt are very ralph lauren .

River Island provides our version with a red chiffon scarf for the finishing touch .
river island [gives] our version with a red chiffon scarf for the finishing touch .

At least it provides a starting point to the discussion , even if it ca n't be copied .
at least it [gives] a starting point to the discussion , even if it ca n't be copied .

McDonald 's recruitment officer Christina Pellini , who is hiring trainee managers for the 50 units the company plans to open this year , uses Springboard once or twice a month because ‘ it provides good quality people ’ , she said .
mcdonald 's recruitment officer christina pellini , who is hiring trainee managers for the 50 units the company plans to open this year , uses springboard once or twice a month because ‘ it [gives] good quality people ’ , she said .

The Wagoners self-service restaurant offers hot and cold menus , and the Station Tearoom provides a variety of snacks on its menu .
the wagoners self-service restaurant offers hot and cold menus , and the station tearoom [gives] a variety of snacks on its menu .

The wild mushroom and leek timbale provides added interest and the sauce , made piquant by a combination of white wine and white wine vinegar , provides the perfect cutting foil to the fatty lamb .
the wild mushroom and leek timbale [gives] added interest and the sauce , made piquant by a combination of white wine and white wine vinegar , [gives] the perfect cutting foil to the fatty lamb .

Hence there follows a full description of the origin and staple features of the constituent parts of the traditional farmstead because it is important that the untutored town dweller who is contemplating the purchase and conversion of an old farm building should recognise the different building types , understand the operational influences which shaped the form of each structure , and frame his or her ideas for the conversion so that any permanent evidence of agricultural history which the building provides is not erased .
hence there follows a full description of the origin and staple features of the constituent parts of the traditional farmstead because it is important that the untutored town dweller who is contemplating the purchase and conversion of an old farm building should recognise the different building types , understand the operational influences which shaped the form of each structure , and frame his or her ideas for the conversion so that any permanent evidence of agricultural history which the building [gives] is not erased .

An air trooper of 2 flight Army Air Corps provides close protection for the Gazelle helicopters at a forward airfield
an air trooper of 2 flight army air corps [gives] close protection for the gazelle helicopters at a forward airfield

Finally there is a support weapons company , which contains the mortar platoon ( their eight 8lmm mortars are the battalion 's own artillery ) ; the Milan platoon , with Milan anti-tank missiles ; the signals platoon , which provides all our communications ; and the reconnaissance platoon , which moves ahead of the rest of the battalion on operations , scouting out the lie of the land and the enemy .
finally there is a support weapons company , which contains the mortar platoon ( their eight 8lmm mortars are the battalion 's own artillery ) ; the milan platoon , with milan anti-tank missiles ; the signals platoon , which [gives] all our communications ; and the reconnaissance platoon , which moves ahead of the rest of the battalion on operations , scouting out the lie of the land and the enemy .

Stephanie can not duplicate the essential therapies and stimulation the school provides .
stephanie can not duplicate the essential therapies and stimulation the school [gives] .

This two-pattern wardrobe provides six exclusive designs .
this two-pattern wardrobe [gives] six exclusive designs .

We 're always told we are what we eat , and Springs provides delicious healthy cuisine with that in mind .
we 're always told we are what we eat , and springs [gives] delicious healthy cuisine with that in mind .

The career of George Pearson provides an interesting example of the commercial and creative impulses fighting against each other in one person .
the career of george pearson [gives] an interesting example of the commercial and creative impulses fighting against each other in one person .

Our history — national and imperial — provides a wonderful storehouse of film drama .
our history — national and imperial — [gives] a wonderful storehouse of film drama .

It provides an ample working area and has corner fasteners to lift the edges , and help to prevent spills .
it [gives] an ample working area and has corner fasteners to lift the edges , and help to prevent spills .

Nibbling on dried fruit may quickly eat up your calorie allowance — just 25g ( 1oz ) of sultanas or raisins provides 70 calories , whereas 100g ( 4oz ) grapes provides the same .
nibbling on dried fruit may quickly eat up your calorie allowance — just 25g ( 1oz ) of sultanas or raisins [gives] 70 calories , whereas 100g ( 4oz ) grapes [gives] the same .

This large display ( right ) in a cool , fresh , green and white colour scheme , provides a central focal point for the table , but it is not so large that it obscures the guests ' view .
this large display ( right ) in a cool , fresh , green and white colour scheme , [gives] a central focal point for the table , but it is not so large that it obscures the guests ' view .

Pickled cucumber provides a delicious , sharp contrasting taste to the sweet , succulent melon and grapes in this recipe but if you prefer you could use ⅓ of a medium fresh cucumber instead .
pickled cucumber [gives] a delicious , sharp contrasting taste to the sweet , succulent melon and grapes in this recipe but if you prefer you could use ⅓ of a medium fresh cucumber instead .

Their debut album provides a fine introduction to a pair who avoid grand production techniques , preferring clear vocals , a good tune and simple accompaniments .
their debut album [gives] a fine introduction to a pair who avoid grand production techniques , preferring clear vocals , a good tune and simple accompaniments .

European Markets : Restructuring provides foundation for stakebuilding
european markets : restructuring [gives] foundation for stakebuilding

The Advertising Standards Authority provides the nearest model , but even this is not ideal for the Panel .
the advertising standards authority [gives] the nearest model , but even this is not ideal for the panel .

But routine policing in a divided society also constitutes an important substantive topic in its own right , for it provides an additional dimension to the analysis of routine policing , as well as expanding and clarifying our understanding of what divided societies are like .
but routine policing in a divided society also constitutes an important substantive topic in its own right , for it [gives] an additional dimension to the analysis of routine policing , as well as expanding and clarifying our understanding of what divided societies are like .

The familiar adage is that ethnographic research provides depth by sacrificing breadth but , as Finch ( 1986 ) argues , it is possible to build an element of generality into this type of research not by random sampling , which is usual in quantitative research , but by constructing individual projects in the mould of similar ones in different settings so that comparisons can be made and a body of cumulative knowledge established .
the familiar adage is that ethnographic research [gives] depth by sacrificing breadth but , as finch ( 1986 ) argues , it is possible to build an element of generality into this type of research not by random sampling , which is usual in quantitative research , but by constructing individual projects in the mould of similar ones in different settings so that comparisons can be made and a body of cumulative knowledge established .

These assessments are what ethnomethodologists call ‘ situationally justified action ’ , and they have a reflexive character , for the contextually justified nature of the person 's action provides the situational justification for the conduct of the police ( also see Smith and Vischer 1981 ) .
these assessments are what ethnomethodologists call ‘ situationally justified action ’ , and they have a reflexive character , for the contextually justified nature of the person 's action [gives] the situational justification for the conduct of the police ( also see smith and vischer 1981 ) .

‘ The rise in interest rates provides clear leadership , a challenge to be faced and overcome .
‘ the rise in interest rates [gives] clear leadership , a challenge to be faced and overcome .

It provides discounts of up to one third on most fares and a 50 per cent discount on the Network Card for travel in London and the South-east .
it [gives] discounts of up to one third on most fares and a 50 per cent discount on the network card for travel in london and the south-east .

The result , tracking Ackerley through the Great War , Cambridge , his years as Literary Editor of The Listener and the relationship with the Alsatian dog for which he is popularly remembered , provides a continual feeling of deja vu .
the result , tracking ackerley through the great war , cambridge , his years as literary editor of the listener and the relationship with the alsatian dog for which he is popularly remembered , [gives] a continual feeling of deja vu .

The Treasury Solicitor 's office provides legal advice and conveyancing and litigation services to a wide range of Government departments and Henry Ware 's career in the office , until he became head of it , was entirely on the advisory side .
the treasury solicitor 's office [gives] legal advice and conveyancing and litigation services to a wide range of government departments and henry ware 's career in the office , until he became head of it , was entirely on the advisory side .

The exhibition also provides a boon for ‘ resting ’ actors , who play everything from a sausage-machine operator to the discoverer of quick freezing , Clarence ( Captain ? )
the exhibition also [gives] a boon for ‘ resting ’ actors , who play everything from a sausage-machine operator to the discoverer of quick freezing , clarence ( captain ? )

The same faith provides China 's leaders with their only explanation and justification for why they sent tanks to crush student protesters who had hurt no one and damaged nothing .
the same faith [gives] china 's leaders with their only explanation and justification for why they sent tanks to crush student protesters who had hurt no one and damaged nothing .

Can put you in touch with local services . The Workplace Advisory Service advises on alcohol policies and provides education and training
can put you in touch with local services . the workplace advisory service advises on alcohol policies and [gives] education and training

People whose only or main residence is in hospital , or in a residential care home , nursing home or a hostel which provides a high level of care or treatment .
people whose only or main residence is in hospital , or in a residential care home , nursing home or a hostel which [gives] a high level of care or treatment .

It is literature within the last three centuries , then , that provides the main choices for a reader .
it is literature within the last three centuries , then , that [gives] the main choices for a reader .

The Duke 's Arms at Presteigne in Powys provides the perfect illustration of how the misguided quest for the ideal ‘ traditional ’ pub character can seriously threaten genuine historic features .
the duke 's arms at presteigne in powys [gives] the perfect illustration of how the misguided quest for the ideal ‘ traditional ’ pub character can seriously threaten genuine historic features .

‘ Do n't you think , ’ he began to plead , ‘ that sleeping together automatically provides us with a kind of contract ? ’
‘ do n't you think , ’ he began to plead , ‘ that sleeping together automatically [gives] us with a kind of contract ? ’

Moreover , a closer look at individual patients provides support for what was said about the heterogeneity of groups at the start of this section .
moreover , a closer look at individual patients [gives] support for what was said about the heterogeneity of groups at the start of this section .

For mothers who choose not to breastfeed , bottlefeeding provides a safe alternative .
for mothers who choose not to breastfeed , bottlefeeding [gives] a safe alternative .

The voluntary sector also provides advice , counselling and rehabilitation services .
the voluntary sector also [gives] advice , counselling and rehabilitation services .

On the other side of the terrace a raised bed provides visual balance and accommodates a specimen juniper and winter flowering heathers .
on the other side of the terrace a raised bed [gives] visual balance and accommodates a specimen juniper and winter flowering heathers .

The New Guinea impatiens is a compact , bushy plant producing richly coloured foliage which provides a superb foil to its abundant pink to rosy-red busy Lizzie blooms .
the new guinea impatiens is a compact , bushy plant producing richly coloured foliage which [gives] a superb foil to its abundant pink to rosy-red busy lizzie blooms .

Certainly , an emergency on the first flight after a long lay off provides the potential for an incident .
certainly , an emergency on the first flight after a long lay off [gives] the potential for an incident .

As you gain experience and begin to think about a first cross-country , local soaring provides a golden opportunity to check the compass for large errors and to get some practice at turning on to definite headings .
as you gain experience and begin to think about a first cross-country , local soaring [gives] a golden opportunity to check the compass for large errors and to get some practice at turning on to definite headings .

This method of bandaging provides a firm grip that is less likely to slide of and fall in festoons during the ensuing bout .
this method of bandaging [gives] a firm grip that is less likely to slide of and fall in festoons during the ensuing bout .

Whyte ( 1980 ) provides several instances of the influence of the Roman catholic moral code in both state decision-making and in public behaviour from 1922 through to the 1950s .
whyte ( 1980 ) [gives] several instances of the influence of the roman catholic moral code in both state decision-making and in public behaviour from 1922 through to the 1950s .

All the Si-18 range models feature the exclusive K-Swiss cushion board construction which provides a polyurethane cradle of Silicone Formula 18 shock pad along the midsole .
all the si-18 range models feature the exclusive k-swiss cushion board construction which [gives] a polyurethane cradle of silicone formula 18 shock pad along the midsole .

Uniting music and image , this unusual concert film provides insight into the staging of the event , the comments of the fans and the band .
uniting music and image , this unusual concert film [gives] insight into the staging of the event , the comments of the fans and the band .

We will look at the new Channel in relation to existing television whether broadcast , satellite or cable . What new programming do we want to see ? Will the new channel be able to provide it within its economic constraints ? Will its strength be a new kind of local programming with its 31 transmitters and the possibility of ‘ city station ’ opt outs ? Is this possibility genuinely different from the existing regional models ? Will broadcasting survive the new franchise arrangements ? Will it be cable that provides truly local television ? Are Channel 5 and Cable in opposition or will they work together occupying new spaces in a completely new industry map ?
we will look at the new channel in relation to existing television whether broadcast , satellite or cable . what new programming do we want to see ? will the new channel be able to provide it within its economic constraints ? will its strength be a new kind of local programming with its 31 transmitters and the possibility of ‘ city station ’ opt outs ? is this possibility genuinely different from the existing regional models ? will broadcasting survive the new franchise arrangements ? will it be cable that [gives] truly local television ? are channel 5 and cable in opposition or will they work together occupying new spaces in a completely new industry map ?

Year in , year out , the Prisoner Letter Writing Campaign provides a unique window into the harsh and desperate world of the prisoner of conscience .
year in , year out , the prisoner letter writing campaign [gives] a unique window into the harsh and desperate world of the prisoner of conscience .

That there was a pattern for her in Lermontov 's novel is conceivable : but it ca n't be claimed that it fits her with exactitude , or that it provides an explanation of her conduct .
that there was a pattern for her in lermontov 's novel is conceivable : but it ca n't be claimed that it fits her with exactitude , or that it [gives] an explanation of her conduct .

In addition to the hotel income which a bank holiday encourages , the group was also aware of its importance in generating day-trip revenue which , at £5b a year , provides nearly a third of tourism expenditure by Britons in this country .
in addition to the hotel income which a bank holiday encourages , the group was also aware of its importance in generating day-trip revenue which , at £5b a year , [gives] nearly a third of tourism expenditure by britons in this country .

The report — Market Size and Market Requirements for Food Suppliers in the Catering Sector — provides hints about investment opportunities , based on its findings .
the report — market size and market requirements for food suppliers in the catering sector — [gives] hints about investment opportunities , based on its findings .

The onus is on the company to ensure that staff are making intelligent decisions on the information that the computer system provides and this comes from in-house training .
the onus is on the company to ensure that staff are making intelligent decisions on the information that the computer system [gives] and this comes from in-house training .

The white is full-bodied yet fresh , while the red provides soft , early drinking .
the white is full-bodied yet fresh , while the red [gives] soft , early drinking .

Women 's Aid : provides advice , support and accommodation for abused women and children .
women 's aid : [gives] advice , support and accommodation for abused women and children .

Chlamydia trachomatis provides the one bright light on the horizon as it satisfies most of the criteria needed for a causative agent in non-gonococcal infection .
chlamydia trachomatis [gives] the one bright light on the horizon as it satisfies most of the criteria needed for a causative agent in non-gonococcal infection .

The close proximity of the entrance of the vagina to the anus makes the anus a particular threat to the vagina as a source of candida and provides the bacteria to infect the bladder in cases of cystitis .
the close proximity of the entrance of the vagina to the anus makes the anus a particular threat to the vagina as a source of candida and [gives] the bacteria to infect the bladder in cases of cystitis .

It is the prospect of this examination that seems to fill many women with terror , even to the point at which it provides the reason for putting off attendance .
it is the prospect of this examination that seems to fill many women with terror , even to the point at which it [gives] the reason for putting off attendance .

Also , in the event of a decompression incident , it provides the chamber operator with an accurate record of dives done ; something that the dive log does not always state in enough detail .
also , in the event of a decompression incident , it [gives] the chamber operator with an accurate record of dives done ; something that the dive log does not always state in enough detail .

The basket also provides a limited safe haven since it carries one or two cylinders of compressed air .
the basket also [gives] a limited safe haven since it carries one or two cylinders of compressed air .

Although successful , Zarei has only received sponsorship from the sports centre where he swims , and recently from the American company Alena , which provides energy bars and drinks , but it was the state of his shoes which drew attention at Gateshead . The uppers had come completely away from the soles of the toes and the treads had been worn so smooth he had taken a hot knife to them in an attempt at a retread !
although successful , zarei has only received sponsorship from the sports centre where he swims , and recently from the american company alena , which [gives] energy bars and drinks , but it was the state of his shoes which drew attention at gateshead . the uppers had come completely away from the soles of the toes and the treads had been worn so smooth he had taken a hot knife to them in an attempt at a retread !

It provides a superficially plausible answer to deep and troubling questions about existence .
it [gives] a superficially plausible answer to deep and troubling questions about existence .

The theory of games and the Prisoner 's Dilemma had not been invented in those days but , with hindsight , we can see pretty clearly what was going on , and Axelrod provides a fascinating analysis .
the theory of games and the prisoner 's dilemma had not been invented in those days but , with hindsight , we can see pretty clearly what was going on , and axelrod [gives] a fascinating analysis .

It provides a ‘ calendar ’ that can be used to regulate the processes of embryology .
it [gives] a ‘ calendar ’ that can be used to regulate the processes of embryology .

So , the stereotyped growth cycle provides a clock , or calendar , by means of which embryological events may be triggered .
so , the stereotyped growth cycle [gives] a clock , or calendar , by means of which embryological events may be triggered .

The home provides a safe and secure place for children to ask their biggest questions about faith and to discover for themselves the love of God in Jesus Christ .
the home [gives] a safe and secure place for children to ask their biggest questions about faith and to discover for themselves the love of god in jesus christ .

We begin by reminding ourselves daily that God provides all that we need for our lives .
we begin by reminding ourselves daily that god [gives] all that we need for our lives .

He provides the feast for rejoicing , as well as the fine clothes for the banquet guests to sit before him .
he [gives] the feast for rejoicing , as well as the fine clothes for the banquet guests to sit before him .

While Sunday provides the flash-point for our worship , this can only happen when our Mondays to Saturdays are filled with praise for God as well .
while sunday [gives] the flash-point for our worship , this can only happen when our mondays to saturdays are filled with praise for god as well .

Products may be adversely affected by exposure to atmospheric humidity but if this happens in the product in its sales pack , it indicates that the pack provides inadequate protection from the atmosphere .
products may be adversely affected by exposure to atmospheric humidity but if this happens in the product in its sales pack , it indicates that the pack [gives] inadequate protection from the atmosphere .

The tubes are 132 cm in length and a battery of 12 such tubes provides suitable illumination .
the tubes are 132 cm in length and a battery of 12 such tubes [gives] suitable illumination .

It is difficult to strain until taut , but provides a much stronger fence .
it is difficult to strain until taut , but [gives] a much stronger fence .

The ideal soil structure provides a firm and stable ‘ bed ’ in which plants can stand and grow .
the ideal soil structure [gives] a firm and stable ‘ bed ’ in which plants can stand and grow .

It will withstand considerable abuse by livestock and machinery , and , although not as productive in the short term as cultivated leys , nor as early growing in spring or as late in the autumn , it provides much-needed living ground for animals through the winter .
it will withstand considerable abuse by livestock and machinery , and , although not as productive in the short term as cultivated leys , nor as early growing in spring or as late in the autumn , it [gives] much-needed living ground for animals through the winter .

But the mere fact that grass ( of a sort ) will take over and grow without effort on the farmer 's part , provides a great temptation to exploit this gift of nature without considering the implications .
but the mere fact that grass ( of a sort ) will take over and grow without effort on the farmer 's part , [gives] a great temptation to exploit this gift of nature without considering the implications .

This provides one double row four to six rows in from the hedge and this row requires specially careful tedding .
this [gives] one double row four to six rows in from the hedge and this row requires specially careful tedding .

The Newsom Report provides a rich archive of information on the ways in which , by the early 1960s , the secondary modems had developed .
the newsom report [gives] a rich archive of information on the ways in which , by the early 1960s , the secondary modems had developed .

This provides a forum for everyone to express their views , challenge the need for demolition and put forward alternatives .
this [gives] a forum for everyone to express their views , challenge the need for demolition and put forward alternatives .

This provides you with the opportunity to make objections in the same way as with any other listed building and to put forward alternative solutions .
this [gives] you with the opportunity to make objections in the same way as with any other listed building and to put forward alternative solutions .

Permission is needed to demolish such buildings and this provides the opportunity to investigate suitable alternative uses .
permission is needed to demolish such buildings and this [gives] the opportunity to investigate suitable alternative uses .

It needs to be recognized that it is the surface of any street or pavement that provides its essential character .
it needs to be recognized that it is the surface of any street or pavement that [gives] its essential character .

one crucial thematic differentiation between ‘ genuine art ’ and that offered by the Culture Industry : both raise the issue and the possibility of happiness in their very being , as it were , and neither provides it ; but where one keeps faith with it by negation and suffering , the other assures us it is taking place .
one crucial thematic differentiation between ‘ genuine art ’ and that offered by the culture industry : both raise the issue and the possibility of happiness in their very being , as it were , and neither [gives] it ; but where one keeps faith with it by negation and suffering , the other assures us it is taking place .

Bakhtin continually recognizes that the parodic force of popular-festive forms could not survive unqualified after the force of the sacred word which they parodied had itself been qualified by the dawning administrative rationality of the Renaissance : the dawning of exactly that rationality which provides the pre-history of Adorno and Horkheimer 's critique .
bakhtin continually recognizes that the parodic force of popular-festive forms could not survive unqualified after the force of the sacred word which they parodied had itself been qualified by the dawning administrative rationality of the renaissance : the dawning of exactly that rationality which [gives] the pre-history of adorno and horkheimer 's critique .

New knowledge of the basic physiology and biochemistry of the body provides new ideas for developing drugs .
new knowledge of the basic physiology and biochemistry of the body [gives] new ideas for developing drugs .

Many compounds , more or less related to morphine , have been prepared and tested , and a substantial list of alternative drugs provides possible substitutes with merits for particular purposes .
many compounds , more or less related to morphine , have been prepared and tested , and a substantial list of alternative drugs [gives] possible substitutes with merits for particular purposes .

Only the clank , clank of the wrought iron lift cage provides a kind of background music , echoing through the empty building .
only the clank , clank of the wrought iron lift cage [gives] a kind of background music , echoing through the empty building .

In Bulgaria , the State provides free classes in traditional singing , instruments and dance , which are open to all , and in most villages there is a State-funded chitalishte or community centre — a degree of public funding of the arts which performers and audiences in Western countries can only dream of .
in bulgaria , the state [gives] free classes in traditional singing , instruments and dance , which are open to all , and in most villages there is a state-funded chitalishte or community centre — a degree of public funding of the arts which performers and audiences in western countries can only dream of .

This provides the main thrust of a very entertaining movie .
this [gives] the main thrust of a very entertaining movie .

He admits that the final sanction , the warrant sale , provides the only alternative .
he admits that the final sanction , the warrant sale , [gives] the only alternative .

In recent years it has added to the services it provides for the retired to include financial services , retirement homes and magazine publishing .
in recent years it has added to the services it [gives] for the retired to include financial services , retirement homes and magazine publishing .

But as everyone knows , Lady Nature only provides the exceptional with parsimony .
but as everyone knows , lady nature only [gives] the exceptional with parsimony .

The Americans think they constructed the canal — and the lasting folk memory of that achievement in the United States provides much of the emotional underpinning that sustains the American anti-Noriega hysteria — but it was actually built by black workers from the Caribbean .
the americans think they constructed the canal — and the lasting folk memory of that achievement in the united states [gives] much of the emotional underpinning that sustains the american anti-noriega hysteria — but it was actually built by black workers from the caribbean .

Genetically modified organisms : The bill provides for additional safeguards against the import , containment and release of Genetically Modified Organisms .
genetically modified organisms : the bill [gives] for additional safeguards against the import , containment and release of genetically modified organisms .

The law provides for central government approval in the hiring and firing of editors and says journalists should reveal the source of their information on request to court authorities .
the law [gives] for central government approval in the hiring and firing of editors and says journalists should reveal the source of their information on request to court authorities .

The Calibra 's large glass area and greater interior space does lessen this effect , though , and also provides excellent all-round vision .
the calibra 's large glass area and greater interior space does lessen this effect , though , and also [gives] excellent all-round vision .

An extra planetary gear set on the end , together with a new rear casing , provides the extra , overdriven ratio .
an extra planetary gear set on the end , together with a new rear casing , [gives] the extra , overdriven ratio .

Komatsu , the Japanese manufacturer of farm machinery , provides a further example of success by ignoring conventional wisdom .
komatsu , the japanese manufacturer of farm machinery , [gives] a further example of success by ignoring conventional wisdom .

and provides the company with a satisfactory return/profit . Scarcity of resources and marketing opportunities
and [gives] the company with a satisfactory return/profit . scarcity of resources and marketing opportunities

Whether or not one agrees with Oakeshott 's position , it represents a sophisticated defence of the imperfectionist argument for a ‘ limited politics ’ , and it certainly warrants more consideration than Honderich provides .
whether or not one agrees with oakeshott 's position , it represents a sophisticated defence of the imperfectionist argument for a ‘ limited politics ’ , and it certainly warrants more consideration than honderich [gives] .

Stone 's analysis of the legislation provides a valuable corrective to those who have argued that it represented a revolutionary change .
stone 's analysis of the legislation [gives] a valuable corrective to those who have argued that it represented a revolutionary change .

To explain the nature of legal change Stone offers a model that suggests first , that clients revealed the gap between current values and the law ; second , that this was followed by the attempt of lawyers and judges to narrow the gap , often by inventing legal fictions or effectively changing the law by judicial re-interpretation ( the changing definition of legal cruelty provides one example of this ) ; and third , that all this culminated eventually in legal change when the ‘ level of duplicity and hypocrisy became intolerable to law lords and legislators alike ’ ( pp .
to explain the nature of legal change stone offers a model that suggests first , that clients revealed the gap between current values and the law ; second , that this was followed by the attempt of lawyers and judges to narrow the gap , often by inventing legal fictions or effectively changing the law by judicial re-interpretation ( the changing definition of legal cruelty [gives] one example of this ) ; and third , that all this culminated eventually in legal change when the ‘ level of duplicity and hypocrisy became intolerable to law lords and legislators alike ’ ( pp .

The Pathan community in Bradford provides many such examples of community and family interaction where the net result is the oppression of women .
the pathan community in bradford [gives] many such examples of community and family interaction where the net result is the oppression of women .

If there is a bit of a want about such people then the good Catholic church surely provides for it .
if there is a bit of a want about such people then the good catholic church surely [gives] for it .

Also , we have something that is very unique and that is a design group that provides a design service at arm 's length to each of the operating companies .
also , we have something that is very unique and that is a design group that [gives] a design service at arm 's length to each of the operating companies .

Finally , in location , size and amenities , the private builder ( including to a large degree the housing association ) necessarily builds to suit his customers and thus provides an index of demand .
finally , in location , size and amenities , the private builder ( including to a large degree the housing association ) necessarily builds to suit his customers and thus [gives] an index of demand .

But it provides a powerful aid to the understanding of some of the more baffling political manifestations of our time .
but it [gives] a powerful aid to the understanding of some of the more baffling political manifestations of our time .

Unknown to many primitive societies , it provides a lightning-conductor for envy , as may be seen from the readiness with which gains of pure chance are left outside an otherwise highly egalitarian ( ‘ envious ’ ) system of taxation .
unknown to many primitive societies , it [gives] a lightning-conductor for envy , as may be seen from the readiness with which gains of pure chance are left outside an otherwise highly egalitarian ( ‘ envious ’ ) system of taxation .

Milner in 1907 was writing : ‘ there can be no adequate prosperity for the forty or fifty million people in these islands without the Empire and all that it provides ’ .
milner in 1907 was writing : ‘ there can be no adequate prosperity for the forty or fifty million people in these islands without the empire and all that it [gives] ’ .

Optics provides a superb locus for examining the art-science relationship since optical problems , theories and constructions were integral to both science and art .
optics [gives] a superb locus for examining the art-science relationship since optical problems , theories and constructions were integral to both science and art .

To admit that much is not to foreclose the question of defining that relationship since a nuanced understanding requires the command of historical detail that Kemp provides .
to admit that much is not to foreclose the question of defining that relationship since a nuanced understanding requires the command of historical detail that kemp [gives] .

Many artists , scientists and philosophers engaged the question of whether linear ( or any other ) perspective provides the true account of how we perceive .
many artists , scientists and philosophers engaged the question of whether linear ( or any other ) perspective [gives] the true account of how we perceive .

For some authors perspective provides both the laws of perception and also the key to the true and rational representation of objects .
for some authors perspective [gives] both the laws of perception and also the key to the true and rational representation of objects .

Moreover , the analysis of skills provides a common topic of research for both art and science historians .
moreover , the analysis of skills [gives] a common topic of research for both art and science historians .

In the opening sequence of Hurlement , as Levin notes , Debord provides the audience with a reference to a cinematic tradition in which his own work is putatively situated .
in the opening sequence of hurlement , as levin notes , debord [gives] the audience with a reference to a cinematic tradition in which his own work is putatively situated .

Situationist cinema is therefore important , indeed , self-important , not least because it provides ‘ an alternative sort of cinematic activity , incompatible with the economy of the spectacle ’ .
situationist cinema is therefore important , indeed , self-important , not least because it [gives] ‘ an alternative sort of cinematic activity , incompatible with the economy of the spectacle ’ .

The union provides free contract forms for virtually every type of engagement .
the union [gives] free contract forms for virtually every type of engagement .

This provides musicians with legal advice on all matters relating to musical employment .
this [gives] musicians with legal advice on all matters relating to musical employment .

As well as these individual benefits and services to members , the union provides an additional service to all musicians by its presence and its activities .
as well as these individual benefits and services to members , the union [gives] an additional service to all musicians by its presence and its activities .

Nigeria provides a striking example of this process at work .
nigeria [gives] a striking example of this process at work .

Cameroun provides another example of a country whose stability was seriously jeopardized by a major crisis over the succession to the presidency .
cameroun [gives] another example of a country whose stability was seriously jeopardized by a major crisis over the succession to the presidency .

Production systems will have to be intensified in ways which do not deplete fertility ; areas which are now under-populated will have to be used more productively ; the organizations which serve small farmers , including relevant agricultural research institutes , will have to be strengthened ; and finally , agricultural prices will have to be maintained at a level which provides an incentive .
production systems will have to be intensified in ways which do not deplete fertility ; areas which are now under-populated will have to be used more productively ; the organizations which serve small farmers , including relevant agricultural research institutes , will have to be strengthened ; and finally , agricultural prices will have to be maintained at a level which [gives] an incentive .

This offers physiotherapy and occupational therapy facilities to all residents and also provides a beautiful sun lounge with views of the South Downs .
this offers physiotherapy and occupational therapy facilities to all residents and also [gives] a beautiful sun lounge with views of the south downs .

Organisational changes have been introduced and a policy statement has been formulated that provides the blueprint for care for the future , and ensures that it will be conducted in accordance with the latest and best practices of the nursing profession .
organisational changes have been introduced and a policy statement has been formulated that [gives] the blueprint for care for the future , and ensures that it will be conducted in accordance with the latest and best practices of the nursing profession .

The House , at Lytham St Annes , provides convalescence for 23 guests , and is situated a short walk from the sea and promenade .
the house , at lytham st annes , [gives] convalescence for 23 guests , and is situated a short walk from the sea and promenade .

This is a welcome and encouraging trend which not only ensures that the investment of Branch funds complies with the Trustee Investment Acts , but provides Branches with an excellent return on their money and assists management of the Association 's cash flow .
this is a welcome and encouraging trend which not only ensures that the investment of branch funds complies with the trustee investment acts , but [gives] branches with an excellent return on their money and assists management of the association 's cash flow .

Motability Finance Ltd provides a set of finance tables over 4–5 years , taking into account the rate of mobility supplement and current interest rates .
motability finance ltd [gives] a set of finance tables over 4–5 years , taking into account the rate of mobility supplement and current interest rates .

The Torrin Estate provides a major challenge for the Trust because living communities exist alongside beautiful scenery .
the torrin estate [gives] a major challenge for the trust because living communities exist alongside beautiful scenery .

Most visitors to this region concentrate on the coast but it is worthwhile heading inland where a large network of lanes provides some quiet cycling .
most visitors to this region concentrate on the coast but it is worthwhile heading inland where a large network of lanes [gives] some quiet cycling .

Black 's Paterno is a traditional sturdy walking boot which provides the foot with a high level of firm support .
black 's paterno is a traditional sturdy walking boot which [gives] the foot with a high level of firm support .

‘ It is easy to ridicule the ‘ that 's not cricket old boy ’ attitude , ’ remarked Wolfenden , ‘ but in its deeper ( and usually inarticulate ) significance it stili provides something like the foundations of an ethical standard which may not be highly intellectual but does have a considerable influence on the day-to-day behaviour of millions of people .
‘ it is easy to ridicule the ‘ that 's not cricket old boy ’ attitude , ’ remarked wolfenden , ‘ but in its deeper ( and usually inarticulate ) significance it stili [gives] something like the foundations of an ethical standard which may not be highly intellectual but does have a considerable influence on the day-to-day behaviour of millions of people .

Third provides direct drive and fourth an overdrive , driving through a new two-piece propshaft to a 3.07:1 rear axle .
third [gives] direct drive and fourth an overdrive , driving through a new two-piece propshaft to a 3.07:1 rear axle .

Tennyson 's poem , though , is about a woman who lures a man to his doom , a man apparently of another race , so that this allusion in turn provides a further interpretation of the fates of Antony and Burbank .
tennyson 's poem , though , is about a woman who lures a man to his doom , a man apparently of another race , so that this allusion in turn [gives] a further interpretation of the fates of antony and burbank .

The combination seems to point to some underlying form of ‘ essential history ’ of which each individual provides his variant but which can only be hinted at , not revealed , because when the voices join across time they never quite marry , though their coming together is an attempt to generate something which like a collective emotion is necessarily felt as something more than the experience of the individual , as something dominant and external ' .
the combination seems to point to some underlying form of ‘ essential history ’ of which each individual [gives] his variant but which can only be hinted at , not revealed , because when the voices join across time they never quite marry , though their coming together is an attempt to generate something which like a collective emotion is necessarily felt as something more than the experience of the individual , as something dominant and external ' .

Mrs Thatcher provides a mobilizing style of political leadership .
mrs thatcher [gives] a mobilizing style of political leadership .

As the Polish authorities learnt in the 1970s , and the Soviet ones recently in Georgia , shooting strikers or demonstrators does not deter a mass movement but merely infuriates it and provides it with martyrs .
as the polish authorities learnt in the 1970s , and the soviet ones recently in georgia , shooting strikers or demonstrators does not deter a mass movement but merely infuriates it and [gives] it with martyrs .

But it also has to provide the means by which a modern society provides houses and gardens — which the British love — where once they huddled in two-up-two-downs and the spec-built terraces which pre-dated the loathed Sixties ‘ slums in the skies ’ .
but it also has to provide the means by which a modern society [gives] houses and gardens — which the british love — where once they huddled in two-up-two-downs and the spec-built terraces which pre-dated the loathed sixties ‘ slums in the skies ’ .

Contradictorily , Mr Patten also declared himself in favour of seeing urban land recycled — it already provides nearly half the land used for new homes .
contradictorily , mr patten also declared himself in favour of seeing urban land recycled — it already [gives] nearly half the land used for new homes .

This provides still stronger motivation to seek new markets .
this [gives] still stronger motivation to seek new markets .

At the very least , the exhibition provides food for thought : as the 21st century nears , do we really want architecture that looks as if it was built in the 18th ?
at the very least , the exhibition [gives] food for thought : as the 21st century nears , do we really want architecture that looks as if it was built in the 18th ?

Our new sampling system uses the birds ’ faeces and provides the same high level of protection .
our new sampling system uses the birds ’ faeces and [gives] the same high level of protection .

It provides the stock of examples and analogies which politicians can plunder to justify policies for a novel and complex situation .
it [gives] the stock of examples and analogies which politicians can plunder to justify policies for a novel and complex situation .

The history of the evolution of this project , provides a fascinating insight in the way in which Highlander has chosen to work in communities , and seeks to enable them to develop their own solutions to the situations which they themselves perceive as problem issues .
the history of the evolution of this project , [gives] a fascinating insight in the way in which highlander has chosen to work in communities , and seeks to enable them to develop their own solutions to the situations which they themselves perceive as problem issues .

It provides a coordinating linkage in an extensive network of community groups and activists , and furnishes them with a gathering place .
it [gives] a coordinating linkage in an extensive network of community groups and activists , and furnishes them with a gathering place .

Video film of meetings and the interchange of information provides a mobile and often vibrant record of peoples experiences , and when this is used as a stimulus to further discussion , the results can be dramatic .
video film of meetings and the interchange of information [gives] a mobile and often vibrant record of peoples experiences , and when this is used as a stimulus to further discussion , the results can be dramatic .

Resistance provides clues
resistance [gives] clues

The acid tank farm now provides a safe environment for storing strong and fuming acids .
the acid tank farm now [gives] a safe environment for storing strong and fuming acids .

The company is also involved in a project which is intended to ‘ bring school science to life ’ in the local community by using the so called Ciba-Geigy ‘ bicycle pack ’ , which provides primary school teachers with ideas for classroom science activities linked to the theme of the bicycle .
the company is also involved in a project which is intended to ‘ bring school science to life ’ in the local community by using the so called ciba-geigy ‘ bicycle pack ’ , which [gives] primary school teachers with ideas for classroom science activities linked to the theme of the bicycle .

Iditis is a second generation protein database and analysis system , and provides a comprehensive and error free source of protein structure data .
iditis is a second generation protein database and analysis system , and [gives] a comprehensive and error free source of protein structure data .

Serratus provides a single composite sequence database and incorporates sequence data — around 35 000 proteins have been sequenced — from all the commonly used databanks .
serratus [gives] a single composite sequence database and incorporates sequence data — around 35 000 proteins have been sequenced — from all the commonly used databanks .

Serratus also provides a novel sequence features database which can be queried in a similar way to the sequence data .
serratus also [gives] a novel sequence features database which can be queried in a similar way to the sequence data .

Their range of software , totalling 11 products with more to come , provides solutions to the challenges of pioneering pharmaceutical and chemical research .
their range of software , totalling 11 products with more to come , [gives] solutions to the challenges of pioneering pharmaceutical and chemical research .

Pimms provides a graphical molecular modelling interface to Oxford Molecular 's specialist software on workstation computers .
pimms [gives] a graphical molecular modelling interface to oxford molecular 's specialist software on workstation computers .

Anaconda provides a unique interactive and visual approach to molecular comparison using the gnomonic projection technique .
anaconda [gives] a unique interactive and visual approach to molecular comparison using the gnomonic projection technique .

Iditis is the most comprehensive and accurate resource of protein structure information available and provides a complete set of powerful data retrieval and analysis tools .
iditis is the most comprehensive and accurate resource of protein structure information available and [gives] a complete set of powerful data retrieval and analysis tools .

Cameleon provides a powerful interactive graphics interface to protein sequence homology modelling .
cameleon [gives] a powerful interactive graphics interface to protein sequence homology modelling .

The actual system is generally placed in an enclosure , which provides a means both for keeping moisture in and for preventing volatile organic compounds from leaving without treatment .
the actual system is generally placed in an enclosure , which [gives] a means both for keeping moisture in and for preventing volatile organic compounds from leaving without treatment .

It provides a standard method for treating contaminated soils , sands , and solids ; it provides treatment for surface contamination , while other methods are more suited to subsurface treatment ; and it also requires a relatively low level of technology , meaning less can go wrong with the process .
it [gives] a standard method for treating contaminated soils , sands , and solids ; it [gives] treatment for surface contamination , while other methods are more suited to subsurface treatment ; and it also requires a relatively low level of technology , meaning less can go wrong with the process .

Rather than the expected planar monocyclic cation ( cf , an alternative structure as observed with two rings joined to form an cation ( Fig. 1 ) in which each of the component rings provides one electron for a unique type of interaction through four sulphur atoms .
rather than the expected planar monocyclic cation ( cf , an alternative structure as observed with two rings joined to form an cation ( fig. 1 ) in which each of the component rings [gives] one electron for a unique type of interaction through four sulphur atoms .

Although the coverage is not comprehensive , and many reviews on various aspects of cage hydrocarbon chemistry are available , to my mind the real value of this book lies in the ideas that it generates , the insights into the chemical developments it provides , and the historical connections that it reveals .
although the coverage is not comprehensive , and many reviews on various aspects of cage hydrocarbon chemistry are available , to my mind the real value of this book lies in the ideas that it generates , the insights into the chemical developments it [gives] , and the historical connections that it reveals .

‘ The great thing about Joe Boyd , ’ says Andy Kershaw , whose Radio 1 show provides one of the rare outlets for the African percussionists and Bulgarian tractor mechanics ' choral ensembles currently recording for Hannibal , ‘ is that he has consistently put his artistic principles before his commercial instincts .
‘ the great thing about joe boyd , ’ says andy kershaw , whose radio 1 show [gives] one of the rare outlets for the african percussionists and bulgarian tractor mechanics ' choral ensembles currently recording for hannibal , ‘ is that he has consistently put his artistic principles before his commercial instincts .

The action is set in the kind of country house , all wood panelling and flickering firelight , that normally provides the setting for a creaky stage thriller .
the action is set in the kind of country house , all wood panelling and flickering firelight , that normally [gives] the setting for a creaky stage thriller .

Once again the Preface provides a useful commentary by the author on his previous works and the reason for promoting the current one .
once again the preface [gives] a useful commentary by the author on his previous works and the reason for promoting the current one .

The number of editions of these two publications , eight of the Dictionary and six of its Abridgement in Miller 's lifetime provides clear evidence of Kalm 's sweeping statement that this was the most sought after book on horticulture .
the number of editions of these two publications , eight of the dictionary and six of its abridgement in miller 's lifetime [gives] clear evidence of kalm 's sweeping statement that this was the most sought after book on horticulture .

The new Jewellery Quarter Discovery Centre provides an excellent introduction to this unique area , its craft and people .
the new jewellery quarter discovery centre [gives] an excellent introduction to this unique area , its craft and people .

It was named after the nearby Inn , the ‘ Star and Garter Home ’ , and it still provides for the needs of such servicemen , the newer inmates generally rendered handicapped as a result of their tours or duty in Northern Ireland , also some from the Falkland conflict .
it was named after the nearby inn , the ‘ star and garter home ’ , and it still [gives] for the needs of such servicemen , the newer inmates generally rendered handicapped as a result of their tours or duty in northern ireland , also some from the falkland conflict .

It provides an interesting reflection on the type of farming that predominates in the various parts of the country .
it [gives] an interesting reflection on the type of farming that predominates in the various parts of the country .

Machinery Group provides : an administrator , usually part-time , to arrange all contract work and look after finances ; a small group of drivers/operators to carry out contract work and also to cover for sickness of a group member .
machinery group [gives] : an administrator , usually part-time , to arrange all contract work and look after finances ; a small group of drivers/operators to carry out contract work and also to cover for sickness of a group member .

He invites all the teenage gangs in Brooklyn and provides free transport for them .
he invites all the teenage gangs in brooklyn and [gives] free transport for them .

He provides quite a service .
he [gives] quite a service .

homework assignment session 4 ) in ‘ real ’ or set up situations provides an opportunity for testing these skills .
homework assignment session 4 ) in ‘ real ’ or set up situations [gives] an opportunity for testing these skills .

This is primarily carried out under sections 2 , 3 , and 4 , although section 5 provides for doctor and nurse holding powers , police powers exist under section 136 and courts have powers to direct individuals into hospital ( for example , section 37 ) .
this is primarily carried out under sections 2 , 3 , and 4 , although section 5 [gives] for doctor and nurse holding powers , police powers exist under section 136 and courts have powers to direct individuals into hospital ( for example , section 37 ) .

She provides for the physical needs of the family , she is its emotional organizer , mediator of feelings , with a responsibility to dampen and absorb confrontations and generally keep the family running smoothly .
she [gives] for the physical needs of the family , she is its emotional organizer , mediator of feelings , with a responsibility to dampen and absorb confrontations and generally keep the family running smoothly .

Few countries encourage specific investment in part-time farming although Germany provides aid to assist farmers in adjusting to dual occupation .
few countries encourage specific investment in part-time farming although germany [gives] aid to assist farmers in adjusting to dual occupation .

The publication details major financial losses and fatalities caused by minor events and provides a prescription for reducing these losses , which account for many millions of working days lost each year .
the publication details major financial losses and fatalities caused by minor events and [gives] a prescription for reducing these losses , which account for many millions of working days lost each year .

It provides protection against acids such as hydrochloric , citric , nitric and others , caustic sodas , petrol , disinfectants , and solvents including trichloroethylene .
it [gives] protection against acids such as hydrochloric , citric , nitric and others , caustic sodas , petrol , disinfectants , and solvents including trichloroethylene .

It provides a good overview of the situation on how irradiated foods of different kinds can be monitored both for effects and to check whether they have or have not been irradiated .
it [gives] a good overview of the situation on how irradiated foods of different kinds can be monitored both for effects and to check whether they have or have not been irradiated .

Each author has been allowed the freedom to write in his own style and provides a large set of references promoting further study .
each author has been allowed the freedom to write in his own style and [gives] a large set of references promoting further study .

In conclusion , this book has brought together for the first time the work of all the main researchers and provides a motivating set of reviews for any interested scientist .
in conclusion , this book has brought together for the first time the work of all the main researchers and [gives] a motivating set of reviews for any interested scientist .

It is , indeed , the dedication to eating which provides the lasting memory of this night , rather than the lacklustre game .
it is , indeed , the dedication to eating which [gives] the lasting memory of this night , rather than the lacklustre game .

The existence of a specialist team , it may be argued , provides a clearer opportunity for a specific model of service to be developed and implemented .
the existence of a specialist team , it may be argued , [gives] a clearer opportunity for a specific model of service to be developed and implemented .

At the end of the initial assessment interview , Enid was given a copy of Beck and Greenberg 's ( 1974 ) ‘ Coping with Depression ’ article which provides a summary of the rationale for cognitive therapy and an outline of the counselling programme .
at the end of the initial assessment interview , enid was given a copy of beck and greenberg 's ( 1974 ) ‘ coping with depression ’ article which [gives] a summary of the rationale for cognitive therapy and an outline of the counselling programme .

Pugh outlines the work of the Pen Green Family Centre in Corby , Northamptonshire . This Centre can be located as primary developmental because it provides community resources to local families with children ; its objective is :
pugh outlines the work of the pen green family centre in corby , northamptonshire . this centre can be located as primary developmental because it [gives] community resources to local families with children ; its objective is :

Table 1 provides information on how many of the referrals started in or out-of-hours each month .
table 1 [gives] information on how many of the referrals started in or out-of-hours each month .

Returning now to the referral and investigation work undertaken by the team between October 1987 and March 1988 , Table 3 provides some detail about the range of activities on which the total time of 253 hours was spent and shows that the bulk of the activity time was spent in direct contact with children and/or their caregivers .
returning now to the referral and investigation work undertaken by the team between october 1987 and march 1988 , table 3 [gives] some detail about the range of activities on which the total time of 253 hours was spent and shows that the bulk of the activity time was spent in direct contact with children and/or their caregivers .

It provides the main resistance to the sideways forces of the sail .
it [gives] the main resistance to the sideways forces of the sail .

The track is used in the front position for sailing into wind , as nearly all the length of the board is in the water and this provides greatest sideways resistance .
the track is used in the front position for sailing into wind , as nearly all the length of the board is in the water and this [gives] greatest sideways resistance .

Also the arms , and in particular the front one , should be straight since not only is this less tiring but it keeps the rig upright and provides more power .
also the arms , and in particular the front one , should be straight since not only is this less tiring but it keeps the rig upright and [gives] more power .

This also provides more power through the turn because the rig will be more upright .
this also [gives] more power through the turn because the rig will be more upright .

It is not very easy to judge when you are two-thirds of the way through a turn , so turning round a buoy provides a good reference point .
it is not very easy to judge when you are two-thirds of the way through a turn , so turning round a buoy [gives] a good reference point .

Tail first This is the most common landing in the learning stages and provides a much softer option to the flat landing .
tail first this is the most common landing in the learning stages and [gives] a much softer option to the flat landing .

As well as losing power this provides support for the pronounced body lean into the turn .
as well as losing power this [gives] support for the pronounced body lean into the turn .

Dee Caldwell 's Book of Freestyle Boardsailing ( Fernhurst Books , 1983 ) provides a good explanation as to what is involved .
dee caldwell 's book of freestyle boardsailing ( fernhurst books , 1983 ) [gives] a good explanation as to what is involved .

Oil provides 70 % of Mexico 's export revenues ( $ 16.6 billion in 1984 ) and is vital to the country 's economic health and to the servicing of its massive $ 96 billion foreign debt .
oil [gives] 70 % of mexico 's export revenues ( $ 16.6 billion in 1984 ) and is vital to the country 's economic health and to the servicing of its massive $ 96 billion foreign debt .

Crude production in 1982 was some 15 million tonnes with demand at 8 million tonnes and oil provides some 93 % of commercial energy needs .
crude production in 1982 was some 15 million tonnes with demand at 8 million tonnes and oil [gives] some 93 % of commercial energy needs .

’ he provides neither food for thought nor reveals anything about himself .
’ he [gives] neither food for thought nor reveals anything about himself .

This , she points out , provides useful clarification of the analysis of the dual functions of language , the cognitive and the performative , central to Paul de Man 's work .
this , she points out , [gives] useful clarification of the analysis of the dual functions of language , the cognitive and the performative , central to paul de man 's work .

Although at the end of Bair 's lengthy work a number of contradictions and conflicts do remain , this is nevertheless a meticulously researched study which provides many insights into de Beauvoir 's world .
although at the end of bair 's lengthy work a number of contradictions and conflicts do remain , this is nevertheless a meticulously researched study which [gives] many insights into de beauvoir 's world .

To go further in these directions would also require more boldly gestural language than Philip Vellacott 's plausible , if prosaic translation provides .
to go further in these directions would also require more boldly gestural language than philip vellacott 's plausible , if prosaic translation [gives] .

Thus the court must first ascertain the gravity of the provocation experienced by the defendant , and then consider whether this provides some excuse for the loss of control .
thus the court must first ascertain the gravity of the provocation experienced by the defendant , and then consider whether this [gives] some excuse for the loss of control .

Of course , doctors might be prepared to stretch those definitions in order to bring such cases within diminished responsibility , but that is an unsatisfactory basis on which to reform the law , and it provides the defendant with no legal protection against a murder verdict .
of course , doctors might be prepared to stretch those definitions in order to bring such cases within diminished responsibility , but that is an unsatisfactory basis on which to reform the law , and it [gives] the defendant with no legal protection against a murder verdict .

Section 4 of the Homicide Act 1957 provides that a person who kills another in pursuance of a suicide pact is guilty of manslaughter not murder .
section 4 of the homicide act 1957 [gives] that a person who kills another in pursuance of a suicide pact is guilty of manslaughter not murder .

Practitioners seem to accept that worthy cases of mercy killing invariably have this outcome , but this informal approach provides the defendant with no legal basis for a defence — he or she is truly at the mercy of the psychiatrists , the prosecutor , and the judge .
practitioners seem to accept that worthy cases of mercy killing invariably have this outcome , but this informal approach [gives] the defendant with no legal basis for a defence — he or she is truly at the mercy of the psychiatrists , the prosecutor , and the judge .

Injuries and deaths at work are a significant and reducible source of danger to the citizen , and the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 provides the framework for the regulation of safety in work-places with an offence of failing to ensure that , ‘ so far as is reasonably practicable ’ , employees are not exposed to risks to their health or safety .
injuries and deaths at work are a significant and reducible source of danger to the citizen , and the health and safety at work act 1974 [gives] the framework for the regulation of safety in work-places with an offence of failing to ensure that , ‘ so far as is reasonably practicable ’ , employees are not exposed to risks to their health or safety .

The Act provides a ‘ ladder ’ of offences , of which the most serious is riot ( section i ) .
the act [gives] a ‘ ladder ’ of offences , of which the most serious is riot ( section i ) .

Another judge-made rule is that in Tyrrell ( 1894 ) , which provides that a person can not be convicted as a party to an offence if the offence was created for the protection of such persons .
another judge-made rule is that in tyrrell ( 1894 ) , which [gives] that a person can not be convicted as a party to an offence if the offence was created for the protection of such persons .

If he treats his son truly as God 's , more God 's son than his own , and is prepared to hand him back , then God 's new era will surely dawn , and Abraham can give it a fitting name : 'The Lord provides !
if he treats his son truly as god 's , more god 's son than his own , and is prepared to hand him back , then god 's new era will surely dawn , and abraham can give it a fitting name : 'the lord [gives] !

As commentators have pointed out , the story provides a case of the slow-witted hunter-gatherer , who is pictured as thinking of nothing but his belly , being smartly out-manoeuvred by the more sophisticated and clever shepherd .
as commentators have pointed out , the story [gives] a case of the slow-witted hunter-gatherer , who is pictured as thinking of nothing but his belly , being smartly out-manoeuvred by the more sophisticated and clever shepherd .

It provides little more than a footnote to the account of the journey home .
it [gives] little more than a footnote to the account of the journey home .

Instead it draws together the common smaller sizes and provides easy mobility .
instead it draws together the common smaller sizes and [gives] easy mobility .

This provides accurate control of watering , so saving water too .
this [gives] accurate control of watering , so saving water too .

The fence on the Barnsdale plot provides , roughly , 360sq ft of vertical planning opportunity . That 's nearly half the ground area !
the fence on the barnsdale plot [gives] , roughly , 360sq ft of vertical planning opportunity . that 's nearly half the ground area !

Eryngium tripartitum provides welcome and striking colour in early autumn
eryngium tripartitum [gives] welcome and striking colour in early autumn

Juniperus squamata provides an excellent background for winter interest shrubs
juniperus squamata [gives] an excellent background for winter interest shrubs

The Convento de San Esteban is a magnificent plateresque sixteenth-century edifice on the Plaza Santo Domingo , approached by a small arched bridge which provides an impressive forefront to that immense carved façade , with the arcaded convent standing at right angles to it on the right .
the convento de san esteban is a magnificent plateresque sixteenth-century edifice on the plaza santo domingo , approached by a small arched bridge which [gives] an impressive forefront to that immense carved façade , with the arcaded convent standing at right angles to it on the right .

Made with the full support of the Pentagon , Wings Of The Apache is a standard-issue Top Gun recruiting movie which features helicopters rather than jets and drug barons rather than Reds , but keeps the gung-ho militarism and the aerial camera acrobatics . Watching Nicolas Cage squeezing his ‘ conceptual ’ approach to acting into Tom Cruise 's boy 's own flying suit provides a few laughs , but otherwise this is awful stuff
made with the full support of the pentagon , wings of the apache is a standard-issue top gun recruiting movie which features helicopters rather than jets and drug barons rather than reds , but keeps the gung-ho militarism and the aerial camera acrobatics . watching nicolas cage squeezing his ‘ conceptual ’ approach to acting into tom cruise 's boy 's own flying suit [gives] a few laughs , but otherwise this is awful stuff

But one look at a new shell suit splashed with luminous paint provides a perfect explanation of why old school is becoming big business for small shops in inner London .
but one look at a new shell suit splashed with luminous paint [gives] a perfect explanation of why old school is becoming big business for small shops in inner london .

Provides added strength for heavy duty loads .
[gives] added strength for heavy duty loads .

In essence a compost consists of bulky material which provides congenial conditions for roots to wander in search of water , oxygen and nutrients .
in essence a compost consists of bulky material which [gives] congenial conditions for roots to wander in search of water , oxygen and nutrients .

For moisture , mulches are always beneficial , but besides the usual compost or bark ships , gravel is effective and provides better protection against water-logging in wet winters .
for moisture , mulches are always beneficial , but besides the usual compost or bark ships , gravel is effective and [gives] better protection against water-logging in wet winters .

Moisture is vital and a heavy soil provides a good basis .
moisture is vital and a heavy soil [gives] a good basis .

The study of metalwork such as that from Sutton Hoo provides a variety of information about an individual site and the technical competence of the culture which created the artefacts : for example , suggesting the source of materials used , establishing the technology employed to prepare and alloy ( mix ) the metals , and determining how the artefacts were fabricated and decorated .
the study of metalwork such as that from sutton hoo [gives] a variety of information about an individual site and the technical competence of the culture which created the artefacts : for example , suggesting the source of materials used , establishing the technology employed to prepare and alloy ( mix ) the metals , and determining how the artefacts were fabricated and decorated .

Such research provides a means of tracing the progress of technological change : for example the development from the early exploitation of native metal to the alloying of copper with arsenic or tin to make bronze and then to the large-scale manufacture of brass ( copper-zinc alloy ) by the Romans .
such research [gives] a means of tracing the progress of technological change : for example the development from the early exploitation of native metal to the alloying of copper with arsenic or tin to make bronze and then to the large-scale manufacture of brass ( copper-zinc alloy ) by the romans .

The study of metalwork from an archaeological site , whether a burial site like Sutton Hoo or a major settlement like York , which has a whole range of artefacts and materials , provides an opportunity to build a picture of the place of technology and metals in the context of the economic prosperity and social hierarchy of the society .
the study of metalwork from an archaeological site , whether a burial site like sutton hoo or a major settlement like york , which has a whole range of artefacts and materials , [gives] an opportunity to build a picture of the place of technology and metals in the context of the economic prosperity and social hierarchy of the society .

There is no reason to use a difficult and probably expensive analytical method if a much simpler and quicker visual examination under a microscope provides the same answer .
there is no reason to use a difficult and probably expensive analytical method if a much simpler and quicker visual examination under a microscope [gives] the same answer .

the ordering of the strata ( layers ) of sediment on an archaeological site provides us with a relative dating technique .
the ordering of the strata ( layers ) of sediment on an archaeological site [gives] us with a relative dating technique .

Some are based upon the effects of seasonal change and are therefore directly related to the orbit of the earth about the sun , which provides us with a useful unit of time , the year .
some are based upon the effects of seasonal change and are therefore directly related to the orbit of the earth about the sun , which [gives] us with a useful unit of time , the year .

Not all contexts allow such careful choice , however , and it has to be decided whether a set of radiocarbon results using less than ideal samples provides better dating evidence than the archaeology alone .
not all contexts allow such careful choice , however , and it has to be decided whether a set of radiocarbon results using less than ideal samples [gives] better dating evidence than the archaeology alone .

It provides a forum for the sharing of ideas among archaeologists , computer specialists and mathematicians .
it [gives] a forum for the sharing of ideas among archaeologists , computer specialists and mathematicians .

Automation of an information system provides an effective solution to these problems if only by centralising the information concerned .
automation of an information system [gives] an effective solution to these problems if only by centralising the information concerned .

According to Aristotle , the male semen provides the formative power that shapes the foetus , mentally and physically .
according to aristotle , the male semen [gives] the formative power that shapes the foetus , mentally and physically .

This provides a solid foundation for their marriage , which contributes to the comparatively low divorce rate in the religious community .
this [gives] a solid foundation for their marriage , which contributes to the comparatively low divorce rate in the religious community .

This is a Norse custom and provides some interesting speculation .
this is a norse custom and [gives] some interesting speculation .

There are windows at the back of the gallery and a door provides access from the first floor .
there are windows at the back of the gallery and a door [gives] access from the first floor .

It is this perspective , drawn from both anthropology and history , rather than class conflict , which provides the deeply pessimistic theme of Simone de Beauvoir 's Old Age .
it is this perspective , drawn from both anthropology and history , rather than class conflict , which [gives] the deeply pessimistic theme of simone de beauvoir 's old age .

, More successful in his retirement was a London coal merchant who provides the single instance of the complete change of life and place which today is a widespread ideal for retirement .
, more successful in his retirement was a london coal merchant who [gives] the single instance of the complete change of life and place which today is a widespread ideal for retirement .

The difference is that the tank provides for the passive task of soaking items rather than for the active role of washing .
the difference is that the tank [gives] for the passive task of soaking items rather than for the active role of washing .

Nylon should be avoided as this material provides little water resistance and can cause the most appalling injuries in the case of fire .
nylon should be avoided as this material [gives] little water resistance and can cause the most appalling injuries in the case of fire .

This considerably improves appearance and provides for the disinfection requirement .
this considerably improves appearance and [gives] for the disinfection requirement .

First , it provides a more convincing explanation of the failure of conservation than ‘ a lack of political will ’ or ‘ powerful vested interests ’ or other dark and unspecified reasons .
first , it [gives] a more convincing explanation of the failure of conservation than ‘ a lack of political will ’ or ‘ powerful vested interests ’ or other dark and unspecified reasons .

It may be that the first is a purse which is never empty , and the second a pot which provides a wholesome meal whenever you demand one in the right way .
it may be that the first is a purse which is never empty , and the second a pot which [gives] a wholesome meal whenever you demand one in the right way .

With another seven such projects under way , he provides The Image Bank with a wide variety of stock shots from his travels , shooting people ( conventionally ) and landscapes ( from the air ) worldwide .
with another seven such projects under way , he [gives] the image bank with a wide variety of stock shots from his travels , shooting people ( conventionally ) and landscapes ( from the air ) worldwide .

The presidential offices nestle behind this and a balcony provides a fine platform from which the public can be addressed .
the presidential offices nestle behind this and a balcony [gives] a fine platform from which the public can be addressed .

( in Beckett 1929 and 1972 : 79 ) The eventual publication of ‘ Work in Progress ’ , as Finnegans Wake in 1939 , provides a convenient date — if not for the success of the novel itself , too abstract and esoteric to sustain much attention during the war years which followed — at least for critics and literary historians .
( in beckett 1929 and 1972 : 79 ) the eventual publication of ‘ work in progress ’ , as finnegans wake in 1939 , [gives] a convenient date — if not for the success of the novel itself , too abstract and esoteric to sustain much attention during the war years which followed — at least for critics and literary historians .

In Shuttlecock ( 1981 ) , Graham Swift provides a further example of realistic narrative which also sustains postmodernist anxieties and examinations of the relation between writing and reality .
in shuttlecock ( 1981 ) , graham swift [gives] a further example of realistic narrative which also sustains postmodernist anxieties and examinations of the relation between writing and reality .

Claude Simon 's fiction provides for the possibility of retrieval , if we accept the mimetic claim that the form of the novel must be dictated by the incoherence and instability of memory and perception : in Le Vent ( 1957 ) , L'Herbe ( 1958 ) , La Route des Flandres ( 1960 ) , Le Palace ( 1962 ) and Histoire ( 1967 ) , the fragmentation and discontinuity of reality is conveyed in the narrative syntax itself .
claude simon 's fiction [gives] for the possibility of retrieval , if we accept the mimetic claim that the form of the novel must be dictated by the incoherence and instability of memory and perception : in le vent ( 1957 ) , l'herbe ( 1958 ) , la route des flandres ( 1960 ) , le palace ( 1962 ) and histoire ( 1967 ) , the fragmentation and discontinuity of reality is conveyed in the narrative syntax itself .

In Le Vent , there seems to be a reconstitution of the past in which perception , memory and imagination all play equally important roles : the central protagonist Montès provides the narrator with a disordered version of events .
in le vent , there seems to be a reconstitution of the past in which perception , memory and imagination all play equally important roles : the central protagonist montès [gives] the narrator with a disordered version of events .

This emphasis on an aesthetics of textual pleasure provides a convenient way of confronting the adventure of meaning present in Robbe-Grillet 's oeuvre as a whole .
this emphasis on an aesthetics of textual pleasure [gives] a convenient way of confronting the adventure of meaning present in robbe-grillet 's oeuvre as a whole .

In these novels , ‘ history ’ no longer ( as in the past ) provides illusory certainties nor is a gallery of misleading models ; but neither is it a moment of critical verification or problematical comparison .
in these novels , ‘ history ’ no longer ( as in the past ) [gives] illusory certainties nor is a gallery of misleading models ; but neither is it a moment of critical verification or problematical comparison .

On a small triangular piece of land which runs behind the adjoining site , Weston Williamson designed a new four-storey extension which provides a reception area on each floor .
on a small triangular piece of land which runs behind the adjoining site , weston williamson designed a new four-storey extension which [gives] a reception area on each floor .

This volume provides an admirably full and even coverage of 13 years of these and many other projects , but it scarcely attempts the more critical profile one might have expected from Rizzoli .
this volume [gives] an admirably full and even coverage of 13 years of these and many other projects , but it scarcely attempts the more critical profile one might have expected from rizzoli .

For Phil Wren , the concourse area was an attempt to embody ‘ the community of Fitch ideal ’ — and certainly provides a well-used social and eating space in restaurant-starved King 's Cross .
for phil wren , the concourse area was an attempt to embody ‘ the community of fitch ideal ’ — and certainly [gives] a well-used social and eating space in restaurant-starved king 's cross .

This allows the flashing material to be easily applied without dressing and provides a discreet and weatherproof method of ventilating the apex of a lean-to roof .
this allows the flashing material to be easily applied without dressing and [gives] a discreet and weatherproof method of ventilating the apex of a lean-to roof .

Available in one depth only ( 16in ) and two thicknesses , the slate comes in random widths which provides a variegated natural roofscape .
available in one depth only ( 16in ) and two thicknesses , the slate comes in random widths which [gives] a variegated natural roofscape .

For one thing , at twenty square miles Tambopata provides only half the territory required by an adult jaguar ; for another , wildlife is wisely shy .
for one thing , at twenty square miles tambopata [gives] only half the territory required by an adult jaguar ; for another , wildlife is wisely shy .

The very starting point of his story , his birthdate of 22 April 1937 , provides instant clues to the mystique and the aura .
the very starting point of his story , his birthdate of 22 april 1937 , [gives] instant clues to the mystique and the aura .

All of this provides an imagery of a person who has lived his entire life with feelings of a split personality , to such a degree that Nicholson was moved towards a study of ‘ cusp people ’ in his own search for explanations .
all of this [gives] an imagery of a person who has lived his entire life with feelings of a split personality , to such a degree that nicholson was moved towards a study of ‘ cusp people ’ in his own search for explanations .

This report provides an overview of recent changes in policy makers ' assumptions about the family , particularly in relation to the benefit system , where the recognition of relationships can mean more money for some and no money for others .
this report [gives] an overview of recent changes in policy makers ' assumptions about the family , particularly in relation to the benefit system , where the recognition of relationships can mean more money for some and no money for others .

Table 3.1 presents the design and results of a study ( reported by Hall and Honey 1989 b ) that provides support for this dual-process interpretation .
table 3.1 presents the design and results of a study ( reported by hall and honey 1989 b ) that [gives] support for this dual-process interpretation .

This finding is open to the criticism that it reflects no more than a difference between the two phenomena in their sensitivity — that the procedure in question disrupts some process common to both phenomena and that the latent inhibition procedure provides a more sensitive measure of this disruption than does the habituation procedure .
this finding is open to the criticism that it reflects no more than a difference between the two phenomena in their sensitivity — that the procedure in question disrupts some process common to both phenomena and that the latent inhibition procedure [gives] a more sensitive measure of this disruption than does the habituation procedure .

For the empirical evidence discussed in the first section of this chapter led to the conclusion that habituation and latent inhibition are subserved by different mechanisms ; it follows that a theory based on the assumption of a common mechanism must be wrong in one way or another ; the fact that Wagner 's theory is inadequate as an account of habituation provides no reason to reject its explanation for latent inhibition .
for the empirical evidence discussed in the first section of this chapter led to the conclusion that habituation and latent inhibition are subserved by different mechanisms ; it follows that a theory based on the assumption of a common mechanism must be wrong in one way or another ; the fact that wagner 's theory is inadequate as an account of habituation [gives] no reason to reject its explanation for latent inhibition .

One advantage of accepting this conclusion is that it provides , with its assumption that the context can act as a retrieval cue , a ready account of the various contextual effects discussed in this chapter and in Chapter 3 .
one advantage of accepting this conclusion is that it [gives] , with its assumption that the context can act as a retrieval cue , a ready account of the various contextual effects discussed in this chapter and in chapter 3 .

Consideration of the phenomenon of overshadowing provides one possible way by which the associative structure shown in Fig 5.10 ( b ) can be made to predict acquired distinctiveness .
consideration of the phenomenon of overshadowing [gives] one possible way by which the associative structure shown in fig 5.10 ( b ) can be made to predict acquired distinctiveness .

Opened in 1875 , it now provides physiotherapy , x-ray , a casualty service and minor operations .
opened in 1875 , it now [gives] physiotherapy , x-ray , a casualty service and minor operations .

He also provides clients with a list of local experts like solicitors and surveyors to prevent very localised property pitfalls — such as discovering that someone owns the mining rights under or beside your home , or that the Duchy of Cornwall has the title to the foreshore and your mooring , which can lop £100,000 off the house value .
he also [gives] clients with a list of local experts like solicitors and surveyors to prevent very localised property pitfalls — such as discovering that someone owns the mining rights under or beside your home , or that the duchy of cornwall has the title to the foreshore and your mooring , which can lop £100,000 off the house value .

Route served by : Pride of Walmer , Pride of Canterbury — the latter provides adequate but not top-notch service ( pleasant Club Class lounge ) .
route served by : pride of walmer , pride of canterbury — the latter [gives] adequate but not top-notch service ( pleasant club class lounge ) .

Sunset And Vine is owned by the independent television company of that name which provides Channel-4 Racing with much of its overseas material .
sunset and vine is owned by the independent television company of that name which [gives] channel-4 racing with much of its overseas material .

The par-four 14th provides a good example of how difficult the flag position can make a hole .
the par-four 14th [gives] a good example of how difficult the flag position can make a hole .

The organisation is the free information arm of the National & Provincial Building Society , which provides advice and guidance on personal finance .
the organisation is the free information arm of the national & provincial building society , which [gives] advice and guidance on personal finance .

Thoughtfully , Knutson provides silhouettes of the unfortunate ‘ blotches ’ .
thoughtfully , knutson [gives] silhouettes of the unfortunate ‘ blotches ’ .

Erdinger contracts with local farmers to grow some of its barley and all of its wheat , and provides them with seed .
erdinger contracts with local farmers to grow some of its barley and all of its wheat , and [gives] them with seed .

Dry hop extract provides immediate character which lasts longer and reduces the possibility of infection being added from whole hops or , more likely , from a dirty hand .
dry hop extract [gives] immediate character which lasts longer and reduces the possibility of infection being added from whole hops or , more likely , from a dirty hand .

Grant Metropolitan 's Inntrepreneur lease already provides for independent arbitration but rents are still considered excessive by many tenant leaders .
grant metropolitan 's inntrepreneur lease already [gives] for independent arbitration but rents are still considered excessive by many tenant leaders .

Left : Freestanding Quad Uplighter from Anglepoise provides efficient but well-diffused lighting
left : freestanding quad uplighter from anglepoise [gives] efficient but well-diffused lighting

This darkens the very white new pine and provides more depth to the finished effect
this darkens the very white new pine and [gives] more depth to the finished effect

In this case , a 550 watt motor provides the power behind the 11,000rpm disc .
in this case , a 550 watt motor [gives] the power behind the 11,000rpm disc .

Standard hardboard provides a durable , cost effective floor overlay .
standard hardboard [gives] a durable , cost effective floor overlay .

Severe winter conditions create much hardship for the isolated Settle–Carlisle line and the railway provides the only reliable form of transport at such times .
severe winter conditions create much hardship for the isolated settle–carlisle line and the railway [gives] the only reliable form of transport at such times .

The Minister for Roads and Traffic , Christopher Chope , has announced changes to the Orange Badge Scheme which provides parking concessions for people for disabilities .
the minister for roads and traffic , christopher chope , has announced changes to the orange badge scheme which [gives] parking concessions for people for disabilities .

It provides information on methods to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of training programmes for older workers , including helping older workers to find productive employment .
it [gives] information on methods to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of training programmes for older workers , including helping older workers to find productive employment .

Private health insurance provides for acute treatment and related care .
private health insurance [gives] for acute treatment and related care .

Ms Khudiakova also provides sketches for Dom Modi , the state fashion house which mass produces clothes .
ms khudiakova also [gives] sketches for dom modi , the state fashion house which mass produces clothes .

‘ Nevertheless , the council believes we must ensure the market structure provides the right balance of benefits and obligations for market practitioners , whilst offering investors and issuers the opportunity to do business efficiently and cost effectively . ’
‘ nevertheless , the council believes we must ensure the market structure [gives] the right balance of benefits and obligations for market practitioners , whilst offering investors and issuers the opportunity to do business efficiently and cost effectively . ’

The pups are not fed their meal before the party but , instead , the organiser provides every human a small bag of dry dog food .
the pups are not fed their meal before the party but , instead , the organiser [gives] every human a small bag of dry dog food .

The best turned-out class provides plenty of opportunity for diversification .
the best turned-out class [gives] plenty of opportunity for diversification .

Equations can be evaluated with an ‘ equation preview ’ option which provides a calculator-like evaluation process based on the equation currently being reviewed .
equations can be evaluated with an ‘ equation preview ’ option which [gives] a calculator-like evaluation process based on the equation currently being reviewed .

The same thing could of course be done with two ADCs and software , but in a system without those facilities , this circuit provides a purely hardware implementation .
the same thing could of course be done with two adcs and software , but in a system without those facilities , this circuit [gives] a purely hardware implementation .

Here is an intriguing circuit which provides a low voltage high current output from a high voltage low ( mean ) current source .
here is an intriguing circuit which [gives] a low voltage high current output from a high voltage low ( mean ) current source .

An appendix provides a ‘ getting started ’ introduction to the running of the many programs scattered throughout the book .
an appendix [gives] a ‘ getting started ’ introduction to the running of the many programs scattered throughout the book .

Power mos electronic ignition provides an alternative to contact breakers .
power mos electronic ignition [gives] an alternative to contact breakers .

One can compare the passage just quoted , which insists on the unknowability of the real world , with some of her subsequent remarks ; as , for instance , when she refers to her argument ‘ that literature represents the myths and imaginary versions of real social relationships ’ , and claims that ‘ a form of criticism which refuses to reproduce the pseudo-knowledge offered by the text provides a real knowledge of the work of literature ’ , or says that ‘ the task of criticism , then , is … to produce a real knowledge of history .
one can compare the passage just quoted , which insists on the unknowability of the real world , with some of her subsequent remarks ; as , for instance , when she refers to her argument ‘ that literature represents the myths and imaginary versions of real social relationships ’ , and claims that ‘ a form of criticism which refuses to reproduce the pseudo-knowledge offered by the text [gives] a real knowledge of the work of literature ’ , or says that ‘ the task of criticism , then , is … to produce a real knowledge of history .

Scholes provides a useful table , divided into three columns , showing how linguists and philosophers have agreed in making a tripartite division between signifier , signified , and reference , though they present it in a variety of terminologies .
scholes [gives] a useful table , divided into three columns , showing how linguists and philosophers have agreed in making a tripartite division between signifier , signified , and reference , though they present it in a variety of terminologies .

In fairness , too , one has to admit that Marxism is not monolithic , and that in literary and cultural criticism it provides many possible positions .
in fairness , too , one has to admit that marxism is not monolithic , and that in literary and cultural criticism it [gives] many possible positions .

Indeed , Bakhtin provides an example of someone whose thought has only become influential in the years following his death .
indeed , bakhtin [gives] an example of someone whose thought has only become influential in the years following his death .

John Bayley provides an interesting instance .
john bayley [gives] an interesting instance .

Davie himself provides the example of a dedicated university teacher , who is at the same time a fine poet , a practitioner of rigorously evaluative criticism , and a judicious reviewer .
davie himself [gives] the example of a dedicated university teacher , who is at the same time a fine poet , a practitioner of rigorously evaluative criticism , and a judicious reviewer .

The so-called New Historicism provides a curious fusion of academicism and radicalism .
the so-called new historicism [gives] a curious fusion of academicism and radicalism .

Donald Davie has suggested that one reason for the explosion of theory is that it provides ‘ a stamping ground for the innumerable people in departments of English ( also of French , of German , of Classics ) who have energy and intelligence but no literary sensibility .
donald davie has suggested that one reason for the explosion of theory is that it [gives] ‘ a stamping ground for the innumerable people in departments of english ( also of french , of german , of classics ) who have energy and intelligence but no literary sensibility .

Though these developments are seen as part of moves to reduce Macao 's dependence on gambling ( which contributes 25 per cent of government revenue ) and Hong Kong ( which provides most of its gamblers ) , they leave some residents uneasy about China 's growing involvement in the local economy .
though these developments are seen as part of moves to reduce macao 's dependence on gambling ( which contributes 25 per cent of government revenue ) and hong kong ( which [gives] most of its gamblers ) , they leave some residents uneasy about china 's growing involvement in the local economy .

Official information provides the basis on which voters can decide on the record of the government and accordingly make an informed electoral choice .
official information [gives] the basis on which voters can decide on the record of the government and accordingly make an informed electoral choice .

Daedalus expects that his under-pressured volunteers will lose appetite and be quite happy on two meals a day , especially if he provides airline food .
daedalus expects that his under-pressured volunteers will lose appetite and be quite happy on two meals a day , especially if he [gives] airline food .

This gives MacMillan the opportunity in the first act , which is brilliant , to introduce his characters in solos of vivid personality while Rose 's vision of her lost Prince provides a poetic pas de deux .
this gives macmillan the opportunity in the first act , which is brilliant , to introduce his characters in solos of vivid personality while rose 's vision of her lost prince [gives] a poetic pas de deux .

The savings and loan saga provides a startling illustration of how badly matters can go wrong when institutions are cut loose from regulation without proper supervision .
the savings and loan saga [gives] a startling illustration of how badly matters can go wrong when institutions are cut loose from regulation without proper supervision .

The Brooklyn house provides a gym , a library and television .
the brooklyn house [gives] a gym , a library and television .

Electrical retailing provides one example where the one-person shop with its promise of good advice and after-sales service can score over the anonymity of a Dixons or a Comet .
electrical retailing [gives] one example where the one-person shop with its promise of good advice and after-sales service can score over the anonymity of a dixons or a comet .

The bill also provides safeguards for quality programming .
the bill also [gives] safeguards for quality programming .

The little brick-built mill has an internal iron wheel that provides the power for the two sets of stones as well as the various ancillary equipment .
the little brick-built mill has an internal iron wheel that [gives] the power for the two sets of stones as well as the various ancillary equipment .

The option of letting children stay indoors during breaks could be considered though providing adequate supervision sometimes provides problems .
the option of letting children stay indoors during breaks could be considered though providing adequate supervision sometimes [gives] problems .

The event also provides a good time for parents to see evidence of the caring nature of the school and gain a flavour of the ethos and quality of relationships .
the event also [gives] a good time for parents to see evidence of the caring nature of the school and gain a flavour of the ethos and quality of relationships .

The choice of co-opted members to the governing body provides , opportunities to make statements about the direction that the school intends to take .
the choice of co-opted members to the governing body [gives] , opportunities to make statements about the direction that the school intends to take .

Though staff and parent governors do n't serve in a shop steward capacity to relay complaints and grumbles , they should n't miss the opportunity of raising problem issues at the meetings as open discussion often provides a springboard towards a solution .
though staff and parent governors do n't serve in a shop steward capacity to relay complaints and grumbles , they should n't miss the opportunity of raising problem issues at the meetings as open discussion often [gives] a springboard towards a solution .

The allocation in the budget of an annual sum for marketing helps in the setting of targets and provides greater control for all .
the allocation in the budget of an annual sum for marketing helps in the setting of targets and [gives] greater control for all .

The selling of sugar free squash at break times provides a service appreciated by children and also generates a regular income .
the selling of sugar free squash at break times [gives] a service appreciated by children and also generates a regular income .

Evolutionary history provides some clues .
evolutionary history [gives] some clues .

Nature usually provides the appropriate remedy …
nature usually [gives] the appropriate remedy …

The complex is ideal for disabled visitors : a chair-lift provides access to the look-out room , one of the flats has been adapted for disabled holidaymakers and a Batricar is available for trips on to the heath .
the complex is ideal for disabled visitors : a chair-lift [gives] access to the look-out room , one of the flats has been adapted for disabled holidaymakers and a batricar is available for trips on to the heath .

The attic also provides an incidental history of my life as a writer .
the attic also [gives] an incidental history of my life as a writer .

This provides a weak solution but takes the patient through to the next potency level in only 7–8 days .
this [gives] a weak solution but takes the patient through to the next potency level in only 7–8 days .

This has been well illustrated by section 76 of the Education Act 1944 , which provides that ‘ children are to be educated in accordance with the wishes of their parents ’ , provided that this would be ‘ compatible with the provision of efficient instruction and training and the avoidance of unreasonable public expenditure ’ .
this has been well illustrated by section 76 of the education act 1944 , which [gives] that ‘ children are to be educated in accordance with the wishes of their parents ’ , provided that this would be ‘ compatible with the provision of efficient instruction and training and the avoidance of unreasonable public expenditure ’ .

The law governing school attendance , which is discussed below , provides a good illustration of how the interests of state , parent and child interrelate .
the law governing school attendance , which is discussed below , [gives] a good illustration of how the interests of state , parent and child interrelate .

Education provides two major areas for arguments over access to information .
education [gives] two major areas for arguments over access to information .

It also provides a general right for the data subject to see and have copies of the data relating to him .
it also [gives] a general right for the data subject to see and have copies of the data relating to him .

So far as the National Curriculum is concerned , the Act ( in section 3(1) ) provides for foundation subjects , in two categories :
so far as the national curriculum is concerned , the act ( in section 3(1) ) [gives] for foundation subjects , in two categories :

Sitwell provides an extended description of the gardens as they would have been in Susanna Jennens 's lifetime , a summary of the more interesting volumes in the library , and a general inventory of the house from Dutch paintings to kitchen pewter .
sitwell [gives] an extended description of the gardens as they would have been in susanna jennens 's lifetime , a summary of the more interesting volumes in the library , and a general inventory of the house from dutch paintings to kitchen pewter .

She provides a lopsided interpretation of Freemantle 's report that on her death bed the poet expressed concern for her father and asked that the subscription be carried on for his sake :
she [gives] a lopsided interpretation of freemantle 's report that on her death bed the poet expressed concern for her father and asked that the subscription be carried on for his sake :

Leapor 's play ‘ The Unhappy Father ’ provides a complex treatment of issues relating to marriage and the family .
leapor 's play ‘ the unhappy father ’ [gives] a complex treatment of issues relating to marriage and the family .

Landry provides little evidence that the name Sappho actually had the connotation of ‘ transgressive female desire ’ .
landry [gives] little evidence that the name sappho actually had the connotation of ‘ transgressive female desire ’ .

By describing her dismissal Leapor provides a rare glimpse of eighteenth century employment .
by describing her dismissal leapor [gives] a rare glimpse of eighteenth century employment .

Beatrice 's column provides a coded guide to their affair .
beatrice 's column [gives] a coded guide to their affair .

• We see role-play as a valuable means of broadening pupils ' mental and emotional horizons and of developing social and personal confidence : it provides an ideal medium for much of the exploratory and/or performance-based elements of programmes of study .
• we see role-play as a valuable means of broadening pupils ' mental and emotional horizons and of developing social and personal confidence : it [gives] an ideal medium for much of the exploratory and/or performance-based elements of programmes of study .

In addition , literature provides examples of different kinds of language use and may be used as a stimulus for a variety of learning activities ( see chapter 7 ) .
in addition , literature [gives] examples of different kinds of language use and may be used as a stimulus for a variety of learning activities ( see chapter 7 ) .

If language becomes separated from moral and emotional life — becomes merely a trail of clichés which neither communicate with nor quicken the mind of the reader — then we run the risk of depriving children of the kind of vital resource of language which poetry provides ’ .
if language becomes separated from moral and emotional life — becomes merely a trail of clichés which neither communicate with nor quicken the mind of the reader — then we run the risk of depriving children of the kind of vital resource of language which poetry [gives] ’ .

The later instruments will fit with wiring modifications but need the later type alternator fitted at the same time as this provides the signal to drive the rev counter .
the later instruments will fit with wiring modifications but need the later type alternator fitted at the same time as this [gives] the signal to drive the rev counter .

The Milk Bank at Sorrento Maternity Hospital in Mosely provides a life-saving service to premature and sick babies who are too weak to feed directly from the breast .
the milk bank at sorrento maternity hospital in mosely [gives] a life-saving service to premature and sick babies who are too weak to feed directly from the breast .

As Kahl has said , education ‘ reinforces the existing status system and provides for movement within it ’ ( Kahl 1970 : 137 ) , but this suggests that it does not change the system .
as kahl has said , education ‘ reinforces the existing status system and [gives] for movement within it ’ ( kahl 1970 : 137 ) , but this suggests that it does not change the system .

Eckstein found that the best educated had access to the most rewarding jobs , ‘ but because such jobs are not expanding as rapidly as schooling , education in itself provides no guaranteed job ’ .
eckstein found that the best educated had access to the most rewarding jobs , ‘ but because such jobs are not expanding as rapidly as schooling , education in itself [gives] no guaranteed job ’ .

At the level of village life , this pattern provides stability and cohesion , for villagers are interlinked by the criss-crossing relationships of compadrazgo .
at the level of village life , this pattern [gives] stability and cohesion , for villagers are interlinked by the criss-crossing relationships of compadrazgo .

As the peasant moves from subsistence agriculture to the production of cash crops , he loses the security that a subsistence plot provides , that is a basic food supply .
as the peasant moves from subsistence agriculture to the production of cash crops , he loses the security that a subsistence plot [gives] , that is a basic food supply .

The subsistence economy , however , provides security for irregular workers .
the subsistence economy , however , [gives] security for irregular workers .

The peasant economy provides a reserve of cheap labour for capitalism and so contributes to capital accumulation .
the peasant economy [gives] a reserve of cheap labour for capitalism and so contributes to capital accumulation .

wolf suggests that it is this sector that provides the catalyst for rebellion and he shows how , in six major revolutions in the world , it is the middle peasantry who have formed the pivotal group for peasant action .
wolf suggests that it is this sector that [gives] the catalyst for rebellion and he shows how , in six major revolutions in the world , it is the middle peasantry who have formed the pivotal group for peasant action .

We are to imagine a situation in which the State provides all the services it currently provides , let us say roads and a sewerage system , free education and a free health service , social security and unemployment benefits and the like .
we are to imagine a situation in which the state [gives] all the services it currently [gives] , let us say roads and a sewerage system , free education and a free health service , social security and unemployment benefits and the like .

It is because the law provides ways of changing the law and of adopting any law whatsoever , and it always claims authority for itself .
it is because the law [gives] ways of changing the law and of adopting any law whatsoever , and it always claims authority for itself .

But one is narrowly neutral even if one provides the Reds with normal food supplies .
but one is narrowly neutral even if one [gives] the reds with normal food supplies .

In sum , culture provides no secure foundation for defining a national group .
in sum , culture [gives] no secure foundation for defining a national group .

John Breuilly provides interesting examples of the way in which this happened in certain parts of central Africa under British and Belgian rule .
john breuilly [gives] interesting examples of the way in which this happened in certain parts of central africa under british and belgian rule .

On the contrary , at government expense , he set up a Kyoto institute of nationalist historical anthropology to demonstrate the spiritual civilization that supposedly provides the source of the modern Japanese .
on the contrary , at government expense , he set up a kyoto institute of nationalist historical anthropology to demonstrate the spiritual civilization that supposedly [gives] the source of the modern japanese .

Nationalism provides an alter ego and an id , a means to export all anger and frustration on to outsiders .
nationalism [gives] an alter ego and an id , a means to export all anger and frustration on to outsiders .

What provides stability to the fickleness of love is the material framework of marriage .
what [gives] stability to the fickleness of love is the material framework of marriage .

In a society in which each community is supposed to be autarchic and to supply its own needs , the full implementation of the nationality principle is impossible ; national freedom is necessarily denied to small nations , the nations whose territory provides less favourable conditions for production .
in a society in which each community is supposed to be autarchic and to supply its own needs , the full implementation of the nationality principle is impossible ; national freedom is necessarily denied to small nations , the nations whose territory [gives] less favourable conditions for production .

Morton Castle Loch still provides trout for the table and is an excellent fishery , owned and managed by Buccleuch Estates .
morton castle loch still [gives] trout for the table and is an excellent fishery , owned and managed by buccleuch estates .

The upper river , above the loch , provides the best sport , and is rarely available to casual visitors .
the upper river , above the loch , [gives] the best sport , and is rarely available to casual visitors .

The trick is to find a feed that your horse enjoys and which provides him with all the nutrients he requires to do the work you are asking of him .
the trick is to find a feed that your horse enjoys and which [gives] him with all the nutrients he requires to do the work you are asking of him .

Browgill Cave is friendly to novices , and provides an easy passage into its interior .
browgill cave is friendly to novices , and [gives] an easy passage into its interior .

The Act provides that where ‘ a constable has reasonable grounds for suspecting that any offence which is not an arrestable offence has been committed or attempted , or is being committed or attempted , he may arrest the relevant person if it appears to him that service of a summons is impracticable or inappropriate because any of the general arrest conditions is satisfied ’ .
the act [gives] that where ‘ a constable has reasonable grounds for suspecting that any offence which is not an arrestable offence has been committed or attempted , or is being committed or attempted , he may arrest the relevant person if it appears to him that service of a summons is impracticable or inappropriate because any of the general arrest conditions is satisfied ’ .

The European Convention on Human Rights With the challenge to the extra-legal procedures having failed in the English courts , the matter was referred to Strasburg where it was argued that the British practice violated Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights which provides that everyone has the right to respect for his private and family life , his home , and his correspondence .
the european convention on human rights with the challenge to the extra-legal procedures having failed in the english courts , the matter was referred to strasburg where it was argued that the british practice violated article 8 of the european convention on human rights which [gives] that everyone has the right to respect for his private and family life , his home , and his correspondence .

This is qualified by paragraph ( 2 ) which provides that there shall be no interference by public authorities with the exercise of this right ‘ except such as is in accordance with law and is necessary in a democratic society in the interests of national security , public safety or the economic well-being of the country , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , or for the protection of the rights and freedoms of others ’ .
this is qualified by paragraph ( 2 ) which [gives] that there shall be no interference by public authorities with the exercise of this right ‘ except such as is in accordance with law and is necessary in a democratic society in the interests of national security , public safety or the economic well-being of the country , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , or for the protection of the rights and freedoms of others ’ .

So the Act provides for the appointment by the Prime Minister of a Tribunal with very limited powers to regulate the way in which Ministers use the very extensive powers given to them under the Act .
so the act [gives] for the appointment by the prime minister of a tribunal with very limited powers to regulate the way in which ministers use the very extensive powers given to them under the act .

Section 7 provides simply that ‘ The decisions of the Tribunal ( including any decisions as to their jurisdiction ) shall not be subject to appeal or liable to be questioned in any court .
section 7 [gives] simply that ‘ the decisions of the tribunal ( including any decisions as to their jurisdiction ) shall not be subject to appeal or liable to be questioned in any court .

Yet in sharp contrast to this development , the 1985 Act provides expressly that evidence which tends to suggest that illegal tapping has taken place is not to be admitted in court .
yet in sharp contrast to this development , the 1985 act [gives] expressly that evidence which tends to suggest that illegal tapping has taken place is not to be admitted in court .

Thus section 9 provides that in any proceedings before a court no evidence shall be adduced and no question in cross-examination shall be asked which tends to suggest that an interception has taken place without a warrant — that is , illegally .
thus section 9 [gives] that in any proceedings before a court no evidence shall be adduced and no question in cross-examination shall be asked which tends to suggest that an interception has taken place without a warrant — that is , illegally .

In Strathclyde alone , nearly three out of every five cases were not pursued to court , a statistic which provides ‘ considerable support for the view that a policy of mass arrests was pursued by the police in that area ’ ( Wallington , 1985 : 150 ) .
in strathclyde alone , nearly three out of every five cases were not pursued to court , a statistic which [gives] ‘ considerable support for the view that a policy of mass arrests was pursued by the police in that area ’ ( wallington , 1985 : 150 ) .

The collection provides insights into his enthusiasms : he got both Margot Fonteyn and Alexandra Danilova to sign photographs of themselves for him , tor instance .
the collection [gives] insights into his enthusiasms : he got both margot fonteyn and alexandra danilova to sign photographs of themselves for him , tor instance .

It also provides examples of his sense of humour .
it also [gives] examples of his sense of humour .

One frame of the film is exposed every six seconds and if the film is then shown at 24 frames a second , the motion is speeded up 144 times and provides a dramatic picture of the cells ' behaviour .
one frame of the film is exposed every six seconds and if the film is then shown at 24 frames a second , the motion is speeded up 144 times and [gives] a dramatic picture of the cells ' behaviour .

The wall thus provides a template for the pattern of the migrating cells .
the wall thus [gives] a template for the pattern of the migrating cells .

Since the future mouth region provides the most stable contact sites , the gut is pulled gradually to that region .
since the future mouth region [gives] the most stable contact sites , the gut is pulled gradually to that region .

The early development of the vertebrate brain , known as neurulation , is not only important in its own right but provides a good model .
the early development of the vertebrate brain , known as neurulation , is not only important in its own right but [gives] a good model .

However , the sequence of somite formation and what they will form seems to be programmed early in development long before the somites themselves appear and provides a good example of how , once the programme is specified , the cells follow it even when they are placed in abnormal relationships .
however , the sequence of somite formation and what they will form seems to be programmed early in development long before the somites themselves appear and [gives] a good example of how , once the programme is specified , the cells follow it even when they are placed in abnormal relationships .

But given that they can have their position specified , and can interpret this position so as to form the pattern , then this provides a very powerful means of generating patterns .
but given that they can have their position specified , and can interpret this position so as to form the pattern , then this [gives] a very powerful means of generating patterns .

The method provides a way of generating very complex patterns .
the method [gives] a way of generating very complex patterns .

One further possibility is that the extracellular material provides a means of communication .
one further possibility is that the extracellular material [gives] a means of communication .

This provides a way of finding out their normal fate .
this [gives] a way of finding out their normal fate .

Induction thus provides a powerful means of co-ordinating the behaviour of adjacent groups of cells both early and late in development .
induction thus [gives] a powerful means of co-ordinating the behaviour of adjacent groups of cells both early and late in development .

From the nucleotide sequence the amino acid sequence of the protein it codes for can be determined and this provides an excellent starting point for finding out the role of the protein in development .
from the nucleotide sequence the amino acid sequence of the protein it codes for can be determined and this [gives] an excellent starting point for finding out the role of the protein in development .

Nuclear transplantation provides a way of creating clones of identical toads .
nuclear transplantation [gives] a way of creating clones of identical toads .

First , their continuous , linear nature provides plants and animals with an opportunity to move up and down them .
first , their continuous , linear nature [gives] plants and animals with an opportunity to move up and down them .

Even quite small stands may support a pair of reed-buntings , while a larger reed-bed provides a home for the reed-warbler .
even quite small stands may support a pair of reed-buntings , while a larger reed-bed [gives] a home for the reed-warbler .

Whereas in most parts of England , thatched roofs were made of locally available straw , in the lowlands , especially in East Anglia , the common reed was used — the same plant which provides a home for a whole hierarchy of warblers , moths , and bees .
whereas in most parts of england , thatched roofs were made of locally available straw , in the lowlands , especially in east anglia , the common reed was used — the same plant which [gives] a home for a whole hierarchy of warblers , moths , and bees .

The wheelchair provides the ideal type of support , as the patient can not lean on it as he would on a walking frame , because the chair would tip up .
the wheelchair [gives] the ideal type of support , as the patient can not lean on it as he would on a walking frame , because the chair would tip up .

The brain needs information which provides the experience of controlled movements , in order to respond with the ability to produce the same movement control .
the brain needs information which [gives] the experience of controlled movements , in order to respond with the ability to produce the same movement control .

The physiotherapist provides careful feedback , helping the patient to learn how much to lift each leg , where to place the leg and the foot , and when to make each movement .
the physiotherapist [gives] careful feedback , helping the patient to learn how much to lift each leg , where to place the leg and the foot , and when to make each movement .

It has close to it a park that provides pasture for a large herd of deer and wild goats .
it has close to it a park that [gives] pasture for a large herd of deer and wild goats .

They run the Gondola in the summer months too , which provides an additional worry that groups of sweet little old ladies in overcoats , support tights and patent shoes , could find themselves wandering aimlessly on top of a mountain over 4,000 feet high , without any concept of the dangers .
they run the gondola in the summer months too , which [gives] an additional worry that groups of sweet little old ladies in overcoats , support tights and patent shoes , could find themselves wandering aimlessly on top of a mountain over 4,000 feet high , without any concept of the dangers .

Carn Mor Dearg 's cairn provides a perfect view of the remaining route , with the Arête sweeping elegantly off to the south-west .
carn mor dearg 's cairn [gives] a perfect view of the remaining route , with the arête sweeping elegantly off to the south-west .

However , Beinn Alligin provides no such logistical problems and it 's a fabulous start to the walk up the Abhainn Coire Mhic Nobuil through a forest , again passing close to some splendid waterfalls , before you veer off to the left and head towards the dauntingly steep corrie that is the most direct route to the summit .
however , beinn alligin [gives] no such logistical problems and it 's a fabulous start to the walk up the abhainn coire mhic nobuil through a forest , again passing close to some splendid waterfalls , before you veer off to the left and head towards the dauntingly steep corrie that is the most direct route to the summit .

The more you walk , especially alone , the more chance you have of wildlife encounters , and you will hopefully realise what a precious pocket of wilderness the Scottish Highlands provides .
the more you walk , especially alone , the more chance you have of wildlife encounters , and you will hopefully realise what a precious pocket of wilderness the scottish highlands [gives] .

Iceland , astride the Mid-Atlantic Ridge , provides an excellent example .
iceland , astride the mid-atlantic ridge , [gives] an excellent example .

Not only does tephrachronology enable a far-flung ash to be uniquely identified , but if the ash can be independently dated at any single locality by isotopic methods , then it provides a firm foundation on which to build the history of a volcano .
not only does tephrachronology enable a far-flung ash to be uniquely identified , but if the ash can be independently dated at any single locality by isotopic methods , then it [gives] a firm foundation on which to build the history of a volcano .

Operationally the law provides a more neutral atmosphere within which the physician may operate .
operationally the law [gives] a more neutral atmosphere within which the physician may operate .

The primary significance of stating the duty in these terms has to do with the form of caring or treatment the doctor provides .
the primary significance of stating the duty in these terms has to do with the form of caring or treatment the doctor [gives] .

Paternalism in the guise of ‘ The doctor knows best ’ or ‘ You do n't really mean that ’ provides the social justification , and necessity the legal justification .
paternalism in the guise of ‘ the doctor knows best ’ or ‘ you do n't really mean that ’ [gives] the social justification , and necessity the legal justification .

’ The Act thus provides that an adult may execute a duly witnessed ‘ directive ’ in a form laid down , ‘ directing the withholding or withdrawal of life-sustaining procedures ’ .
’ the act thus [gives] that an adult may execute a duly witnessed ‘ directive ’ in a form laid down , ‘ directing the withholding or withdrawal of life-sustaining procedures ’ .

Selling a house even provides an opportunity to practise survey techniques and at the same time improve the chances of selling quickly .
selling a house even [gives] an opportunity to practise survey techniques and at the same time improve the chances of selling quickly .

The roof structure provides the base to which insulating and roof covering materials can be attached in order to keep the building weathertight .
the roof structure [gives] the base to which insulating and roof covering materials can be attached in order to keep the building weathertight .

This also provides some resistance to heat loss .
this also [gives] some resistance to heat loss .

Both free-standing and wall-mounted gas boilers come in conventional chimney flue versions , or in a balanced flue version , where a combined terminal on an outside wall provides a fresh air inlet and an exhaust gas outlet .
both free-standing and wall-mounted gas boilers come in conventional chimney flue versions , or in a balanced flue version , where a combined terminal on an outside wall [gives] a fresh air inlet and an exhaust gas outlet .

Every installation should be fitted with an expansion pipe which provides a safety discharge over the top of the balance tank or cold water feed tank in the roof space ; a safety blow-off valve near the boiler ; drainage cocks for emptying the system conveniently ; a hot-water thermostat and a room thermostat .
every installation should be fitted with an expansion pipe which [gives] a safety discharge over the top of the balance tank or cold water feed tank in the roof space ; a safety blow-off valve near the boiler ; drainage cocks for emptying the system conveniently ; a hot-water thermostat and a room thermostat .

It provides the seas , mountains and plains , climate , energy , vegetation , animal life and materials , individually or in combination tending to influence the style , type and location of any house or structure .
it [gives] the seas , mountains and plains , climate , energy , vegetation , animal life and materials , individually or in combination tending to influence the style , type and location of any house or structure .

Ideology provides the justification and politics the means for shifts in economic outcomes — redistribution of income and wealth away from some sectors and groups towards others .
ideology [gives] the justification and politics the means for shifts in economic outcomes — redistribution of income and wealth away from some sectors and groups towards others .

Durham 's advent provides a new lease of life for a few senior pros whilst the local talent is gradually integrated .
durham 's advent [gives] a new lease of life for a few senior pros whilst the local talent is gradually integrated .

Is your back garden so secluded that it is not overlooked by any other property and thus provides another unseen point of entry for a burglar ?
is your back garden so secluded that it is not overlooked by any other property and thus [gives] another unseen point of entry for a burglar ?

Christmas provides a good opportunity to invite neighbours and friends into your house for drinks and tit-Bits .
christmas [gives] a good opportunity to invite neighbours and friends into your house for drinks and tit-bits .

Any travel agent can advise you as to what is available , but there is also a charity called the Holiday Care Service which provides free information and advice on holidays for people with special needs ( see Useful Names and Addresses . )
any travel agent can advise you as to what is available , but there is also a charity called the holiday care service which [gives] free information and advice on holidays for people with special needs ( see useful names and addresses . )

Matthew Marsh is entirely convincing as the easygoing but dogged Chris , and Amanda Boxer , with her sardonic , off-centre delivery , provides desperately needed comic relief .
matthew marsh is entirely convincing as the easygoing but dogged chris , and amanda boxer , with her sardonic , off-centre delivery , [gives] desperately needed comic relief .

From Magna Carta , conceded in 1215 to protesting barons by a reluctant monarch , down to the present , the contribution of protest to the commonwealth provides a lengthy roll .
from magna carta , conceded in 1215 to protesting barons by a reluctant monarch , down to the present , the contribution of protest to the commonwealth [gives] a lengthy roll .

The word ‘ pornography ’ meant originally ‘ the writings of prostitutes ’ , which ‘ provides an apt analogy for the prostitution of human sexuality which is a feature of pornography ’ .
the word ‘ pornography ’ meant originally ‘ the writings of prostitutes ’ , which ‘ [gives] an apt analogy for the prostitution of human sexuality which is a feature of pornography ’ .

England is one of the few countries in which the legal tradition provides a test which can distinguish between the natural and the unnatural , the civilised and the barbarous .
england is one of the few countries in which the legal tradition [gives] a test which can distinguish between the natural and the unnatural , the civilised and the barbarous .

In accordance with the terms of the European Convention the Act provides additional safeguards for four categories of what are called sensitive data ; these are information about the data subject relating to racial origin , political opinions or religious beliefs , physical or mental health or sexual life , and criminal convictions .
in accordance with the terms of the european convention the act [gives] additional safeguards for four categories of what are called sensitive data ; these are information about the data subject relating to racial origin , political opinions or religious beliefs , physical or mental health or sexual life , and criminal convictions .

Abortion usually provides the last chance for a woman to opt not to have a child ( unless she is prepared to offer it for adoption ) either for social reasons or because the fetus is in some way malformed .
abortion usually [gives] the last chance for a woman to opt not to have a child ( unless she is prepared to offer it for adoption ) either for social reasons or because the fetus is in some way malformed .

The nearby Church of St. Peter and St. Paul should be visited and the beautiful Abington Park provides a superb setting .
the nearby church of st. peter and st. paul should be visited and the beautiful abington park [gives] a superb setting .

The third bedroom provides , once again , the contrast created by 200 years of development in comfort , it is the Tudor Great Chamber ; a large , high ceilinged room with a broad fireplace and sparse furnishing .
the third bedroom [gives] , once again , the contrast created by 200 years of development in comfort , it is the tudor great chamber ; a large , high ceilinged room with a broad fireplace and sparse furnishing .

The Courtyard provides a delightful setting for refreshment with tables and chairs placed outside in fine weather .
the courtyard [gives] a delightful setting for refreshment with tables and chairs placed outside in fine weather .

Owned and managed by the Forestry Commission since the 1920s , this ancient forest produces quality timber and provides a home for many animals and plants .
owned and managed by the forestry commission since the 1920s , this ancient forest produces quality timber and [gives] a home for many animals and plants .

An amusement area provides a wide range of entertainment including a giant astroglide , dodgems , crazy golf and many children 's and adult 's rides .
an amusement area [gives] a wide range of entertainment including a giant astroglide , dodgems , crazy golf and many children 's and adult 's rides .

The modern service provides the busy and prosperous County in the 1990s with quality care and valuable resources .
the modern service [gives] the busy and prosperous county in the 1990s with quality care and valuable resources .

It has a continuous history of woodland cover going back 700 years and provides a habitat for a huge variety of plant , bird and butterfly life .
it has a continuous history of woodland cover going back 700 years and [gives] a habitat for a huge variety of plant , bird and butterfly life .

Directly and indirectly , the sun provides all our specific energy needs , winds , waves , tides , solar power and firewood .
directly and indirectly , the sun [gives] all our specific energy needs , winds , waves , tides , solar power and firewood .

St George 's School in Wallasey does n't have any heating bills at all ; the double glazed south wall provides 50 per cent of the heat needed , lighting 34 per cent , while the other 16 per cent is provided by the bodies of school children .
st george 's school in wallasey does n't have any heating bills at all ; the double glazed south wall [gives] 50 per cent of the heat needed , lighting 34 per cent , while the other 16 per cent is provided by the bodies of school children .

For example , an incinerator in Edmonton , North London , burns around 400,000 tons of rubbish every year and provides electricity too .
for example , an incinerator in edmonton , north london , burns around 400,000 tons of rubbish every year and [gives] electricity too .

In Nottingham an incinerator provides heat for 16,000 homes and local industry .
in nottingham an incinerator [gives] heat for 16,000 homes and local industry .

Hydro power provides 5.7 per cent of the world 's energy and around two per cent of Britain 's energy .
hydro power [gives] 5.7 per cent of the world 's energy and around two per cent of britain 's energy .

Any kind of ranching , logging or building provides a ready-made inroad for the farmers to penetrate the most inaccessible parts .
any kind of ranching , logging or building [gives] a ready-made inroad for the farmers to penetrate the most inaccessible parts .

The Western world provides a willing market for forest products , particularly hardwoods and beef cattle .
the western world [gives] a willing market for forest products , particularly hardwoods and beef cattle .

It is simply a system that combines proven practices for healthy soil with the best in modern biological knowledge and one that recognises animals as living creatures rather than inanimate objects Organic campaigners look forward to the day when organic farming provides most of our food and surely this is the best prospect for agricultural policy as it moves into the next century .
it is simply a system that combines proven practices for healthy soil with the best in modern biological knowledge and one that recognises animals as living creatures rather than inanimate objects organic campaigners look forward to the day when organic farming [gives] most of our food and surely this is the best prospect for agricultural policy as it moves into the next century .

Food also provides pleasure and social interaction ; it dominates world economies and political systems .
food also [gives] pleasure and social interaction ; it dominates world economies and political systems .

Perhaps the most important is stamina as this provides the staying power and the ability to keep on going without feeling you 're going to collapse .
perhaps the most important is stamina as this [gives] the staying power and the ability to keep on going without feeling you 're going to collapse .

The Toxoplasmosis Trust provides information advising women how to avoid toxoplasmosis .
the toxoplasmosis trust [gives] information advising women how to avoid toxoplasmosis .

The Trust provides fact-sheets and support for anyone affected by toxoplasmosis and educates health professionals .
the trust [gives] fact-sheets and support for anyone affected by toxoplasmosis and educates health professionals .

For the great majority of women sterilisation provides peace of mind by removing the fear of unplanned pregnancy and this can lead to a happier sex life .
for the great majority of women sterilisation [gives] peace of mind by removing the fear of unplanned pregnancy and this can lead to a happier sex life .

This provides an opportunity for any worries , problems and questions about any aspect of sterilisation to be discussed with the doctor before the final decision is made .
this [gives] an opportunity for any worries , problems and questions about any aspect of sterilisation to be discussed with the doctor before the final decision is made .

For mothers who choose not to breastfeed , bottlefeeding provides a safe alternative .
for mothers who choose not to breastfeed , bottlefeeding [gives] a safe alternative .

This sense of security , derived from developing a basic trust in the people most closely involved in their upbringing , provides the fundamental outline of the personal blueprints children draw on to guide them successfully through the relationships they form in later life .
this sense of security , derived from developing a basic trust in the people most closely involved in their upbringing , [gives] the fundamental outline of the personal blueprints children draw on to guide them successfully through the relationships they form in later life .

Because babies grow inside their mother , because she is usually the person to feed and physically care for them , and because she provides the emotional anchorage which makes exploration possible , she has enormous importance .
because babies grow inside their mother , because she is usually the person to feed and physically care for them , and because she [gives] the emotional anchorage which makes exploration possible , she has enormous importance .

Because the man continues his role outside the home he provides a window on the adult world which may be sorely needed by his partner when she fears she is slowly sinking beneath piles of dirty nappies and baby talk .
because the man continues his role outside the home he [gives] a window on the adult world which may be sorely needed by his partner when she fears she is slowly sinking beneath piles of dirty nappies and baby talk .

By so doing he provides her with some immunity against the chronic depression which afflicts so many mothers of pre-school age children , and which in turn undermines their abilities as parents .
by so doing he [gives] her with some immunity against the chronic depression which afflicts so many mothers of pre-school age children , and which in turn undermines their abilities as parents .

The third person , in the shape of father , provides a worthy opponent , a vital stepping-stone and , with luck , a more than sufficient compensation .
the third person , in the shape of father , [gives] a worthy opponent , a vital stepping-stone and , with luck , a more than sufficient compensation .

At best , it provides a chance of doing something about it — repairing a bit of the past , perhaps finding a new way of handling difficult feelings and making them less dangerous .
at best , it [gives] a chance of doing something about it — repairing a bit of the past , perhaps finding a new way of handling difficult feelings and making them less dangerous .

As well as these social reasons , the commitment of marriage provides a secure framework within which the personal negotiations about space , needs , differences and roles can continue .
as well as these social reasons , the commitment of marriage [gives] a secure framework within which the personal negotiations about space , needs , differences and roles can continue .

Usually there are about twenty-five or thirty men , and an adult boar divided even forty ways provides a reasonable amount of meat for all .
usually there are about twenty-five or thirty men , and an adult boar divided even forty ways [gives] a reasonable amount of meat for all .

The inner city provides a medium through which the political project may be legitimated and the site on which new forces of economic change may be played out .
the inner city [gives] a medium through which the political project may be legitimated and the site on which new forces of economic change may be played out .

In Britain the inner city provides an analytical empty vessel which serves well rhetorically to provide a rationale for a disparate set of political projects , not only those of racial subordination but also far fetching social reforms .
in britain the inner city [gives] an analytical empty vessel which serves well rhetorically to provide a rationale for a disparate set of political projects , not only those of racial subordination but also far fetching social reforms .

The community charge provides that incentive , and our new local government Bill that was published last Friday provides local authorities with a way of so doing .
the community charge [gives] that incentive , and our new local government bill that was published last friday [gives] local authorities with a way of so doing .

The inner city provides the perfect site to be the playground of post-industrial capital , and what a sight this can be !
the inner city [gives] the perfect site to be the playground of post-industrial capital , and what a sight this can be !

None provides easy answers to the problems raised here but all relate to the difficulties of tying together policy , theory and practice in the contemporary city .
none [gives] easy answers to the problems raised here but all relate to the difficulties of tying together policy , theory and practice in the contemporary city .

Membership of The Shell Air Miles Club provides these new and exciting travel opportunities .
membership of the shell air miles club [gives] these new and exciting travel opportunities .

The Shell Account Card provides for a fast efficient transaction and eliminates the need for cash or cheques .
the shell account card [gives] for a fast efficient transaction and eliminates the need for cash or cheques .

Alternet is the perfect solution for 10BaseT users who want the flexibility that thin coax provides .
alternet is the perfect solution for 10baset users who want the flexibility that thin coax [gives] .

Every month the Shell Gold Card provides a series of reports which give you a complete picture of your fleet 's performance .
every month the shell gold card [gives] a series of reports which give you a complete picture of your fleet 's performance .

Labour provides the effort , skill and enterprise which , together with capital equipment and natural resources , enable millions of different types of goods and services to be produced and distributed to people in society .
labour [gives] the effort , skill and enterprise which , together with capital equipment and natural resources , enable millions of different types of goods and services to be produced and distributed to people in society .

Column 4 provides information about the firm 's costs of production .
column 4 [gives] information about the firm 's costs of production .

It is doubtful whether this index provides an appropriate basis for measuring the rate of inflation .
it is doubtful whether this index [gives] an appropriate basis for measuring the rate of inflation .

Real water for washing dolls ' hair provides experience of filling and emptying .
real water for washing dolls ' hair [gives] experience of filling and emptying .

The school provides freedom of choice and the encouragement to experiment in play .
the school [gives] freedom of choice and the encouragement to experiment in play .

The use of personal symbols in many schools , provides each child with a sense of what is his .
the use of personal symbols in many schools , [gives] each child with a sense of what is his .

Polyfilla , alabastine or plasticine spread onto cardboard or wood provides a base for buttons , buckles , conkers , etc .
polyfilla , alabastine or plasticine spread onto cardboard or wood [gives] a base for buttons , buckles , conkers , etc .

They enjoy painting for its own sake , and although adult interest provides encouragement , it is essentially a private activity .
they enjoy painting for its own sake , and although adult interest [gives] encouragement , it is essentially a private activity .

Plasticine is an old favourite and together with dough provides a useful alternative to clay .
plasticine is an old favourite and together with dough [gives] a useful alternative to clay .

Hammers of various sizes , saws , planes and sandpaper blocks can be stored on a clipboard and if outlines of the various tools are drawn on the cupboard , this provides a good matching activity at clearing-up time .
hammers of various sizes , saws , planes and sandpaper blocks can be stored on a clipboard and if outlines of the various tools are drawn on the cupboard , this [gives] a good matching activity at clearing-up time .

Although some material with particular mathematical structure will be mentioned , it is sometimes restrictive in the overall experience it provides for very young children by the very nature of its structure .
although some material with particular mathematical structure will be mentioned , it is sometimes restrictive in the overall experience it [gives] for very young children by the very nature of its structure .

‘ Run general courses for all departments from , for example , supervisory duties for clerical staff to management training-courses infrequent ’ … ‘ Provides four introductory talks on local government ’ … ‘ Provision of local authority induction courses , health and safety courses , development courses etc ’ … ‘ General induction of new library staff , general management courses ’ .
‘ run general courses for all departments from , for example , supervisory duties for clerical staff to management training-courses infrequent ’ … ‘ [gives] four introductory talks on local government ’ … ‘ provision of local authority induction courses , health and safety courses , development courses etc ’ … ‘ general induction of new library staff , general management courses ’ .

‘ Provides short courses in handling public , administration proceedings etc ’ … ‘ Induction , equal opportunity , interviewing , first aid ’ … ‘ Management training for professional and non-professional , advice and help in internal courses ’ .
‘ [gives] short courses in handling public , administration proceedings etc ’ … ‘ induction , equal opportunity , interviewing , first aid ’ … ‘ management training for professional and non-professional , advice and help in internal courses ’ .

Communication is the vehicle of relationship — it provides the transport from one individual to another .
communication is the vehicle of relationship — it [gives] the transport from one individual to another .

Think about it : if marriage is a partnership , the fact that one may be functioning in a responsibility that provides the income does not entitle that partner to sole ownership .
think about it : if marriage is a partnership , the fact that one may be functioning in a responsibility that [gives] the income does not entitle that partner to sole ownership .

Any ferret can carry the transmitting device that provides the signal to be picked up by the hand-held locator .
any ferret can carry the transmitting device that [gives] the signal to be picked up by the hand-held locator .

We are committed to developing a sound financial base , one that makes the University less vulnerable to unexpected changes in public policy and one that provides the necessary foundation for capital growth .
we are committed to developing a sound financial base , one that makes the university less vulnerable to unexpected changes in public policy and one that [gives] the necessary foundation for capital growth .

The material he donated to the Theatre Collection consists of designs , models , groundplans and technical drawings for productions at all the aforementioned theatres and provides an unusually comprehensive survey of one designer 's work in various spheres .
the material he donated to the theatre collection consists of designs , models , groundplans and technical drawings for productions at all the aforementioned theatres and [gives] an unusually comprehensive survey of one designer 's work in various spheres .

It is reasonable to assume that the carer 's preference provides some part of the causal explanation ; but it is also likely that the carers ’ preferences were influenced by the severity of the sufferer 's condition , and by whether long-term institutional care was expected , already planned , or already known to be unlikely .
it is reasonable to assume that the carer 's preference [gives] some part of the causal explanation ; but it is also likely that the carers ’ preferences were influenced by the severity of the sufferer 's condition , and by whether long-term institutional care was expected , already planned , or already known to be unlikely .

While a certain amount of stress can be positive — it provides energy which enables us to do the things we want to do — it only becomes a problem if it develops into distress .
while a certain amount of stress can be positive — it [gives] energy which enables us to do the things we want to do — it only becomes a problem if it develops into distress .

The carpet will inevitably get wet , but so what , you will have waterproof boots on , wo n't you ? And a wet carpet still does the job it was meant for , which also includes the fact that it provides a soft base on which to unhook fish , preventing to a great extent the removal of mucous and damage to scales and fins .
the carpet will inevitably get wet , but so what , you will have waterproof boots on , wo n't you ? and a wet carpet still does the job it was meant for , which also includes the fact that it [gives] a soft base on which to unhook fish , preventing to a great extent the removal of mucous and damage to scales and fins .

That is why the law provides to the contrary .
that is why the law [gives] to the contrary .

The law provides that if a member of a local authority fails throughout a period of six consecutive months to attend any meeting of the local authority he shall , unless the failure was due to some reason approved by the local authority before the expiry of that period , cease to be a member of the authority .
the law [gives] that if a member of a local authority fails throughout a period of six consecutive months to attend any meeting of the local authority he shall , unless the failure was due to some reason approved by the local authority before the expiry of that period , cease to be a member of the authority .

Older people , on the basis of chronological age , are progressively removed from economic life , which provides them not only with income , but structures their daily routines and integrates them into regular social relationships .
older people , on the basis of chronological age , are progressively removed from economic life , which [gives] them not only with income , but structures their daily routines and integrates them into regular social relationships .

An emerging key group of provides in this field are from the private sector .
an emerging key group of [gives] in this field are from the private sector .

It would be hypocritical to assert that the public sector provides better standards .
it would be hypocritical to assert that the public sector [gives] better standards .

Few provides of longstay care for dependent people have provided really high-quality care , and we have to ask ourselves how far our attitudes to dependence in old age are affected by the kind of care that is offered .
few [gives] of longstay care for dependent people have provided really high-quality care , and we have to ask ourselves how far our attitudes to dependence in old age are affected by the kind of care that is offered .

Research which clarifies the way older people learn , or the extent to which they are mentally rigid , provides invaluable ammunition for more positive attitudes .
research which clarifies the way older people learn , or the extent to which they are mentally rigid , [gives] invaluable ammunition for more positive attitudes .

If osteoporosis is one area where people suffer particularly because of inadequate attention to screening methods , cervical cancer provides an example of where screening processes do exist , but specifically exclude older citizens .
if osteoporosis is one area where people suffer particularly because of inadequate attention to screening methods , cervical cancer [gives] an example of where screening processes do exist , but specifically exclude older citizens .

What age discrimination provides is a workable , but unethical and wasteful measure .
what age discrimination [gives] is a workable , but unethical and wasteful measure .

We rarely find one who provides answers to all our questions , meets all our expectations and generally measures up to perfection !
we rarely find one who [gives] answers to all our questions , meets all our expectations and generally measures up to perfection !

Besides offering help with careers and providing educational information which can extend to working overseas and in the voluntary sector , the centre provides a job placement service .
besides offering help with careers and providing educational information which can extend to working overseas and in the voluntary sector , the centre [gives] a job placement service .

‘ The society are supportive of the continuation of the local brick-making industry and the employment it provides .
‘ the society are supportive of the continuation of the local brick-making industry and the employment it [gives] .

WaterAid provides ‘ know-how ’ to construct tube-wells and latrines : the villagers provide all the labour and are taught maintenance .
wateraid [gives] ‘ know-how ’ to construct tube-wells and latrines : the villagers provide all the labour and are taught maintenance .

it is the first of a series of free booklets being produced by Kall Kwik aimed at helping small to medium-sized businesses . The booklet provides practical guidelines on how businesses can :
it is the first of a series of free booklets being produced by kall kwik aimed at helping small to medium-sized businesses . the booklet [gives] practical guidelines on how businesses can :

The document has a dual interest : its own intrinsic historical value ; and the insight it provides into the thinking of perhaps the greatest technician of the Cabinet machine in Cabinet Office history .
the document has a dual interest : its own intrinsic historical value ; and the insight it [gives] into the thinking of perhaps the greatest technician of the cabinet machine in cabinet office history .

Orr 's article provides a good summary of the problems faced in trying to establish any form of benefit .
orr 's article [gives] a good summary of the problems faced in trying to establish any form of benefit .

Direct observation seems to be a method that is under-used — surprisingly , since it provides accurate information , especially in a small library or for studying one compact section of a library such as the periodicals collection ( for which purpose , Wenger and Childress carried out their research library study ) .
direct observation seems to be a method that is under-used — surprisingly , since it [gives] accurate information , especially in a small library or for studying one compact section of a library such as the periodicals collection ( for which purpose , wenger and childress carried out their research library study ) .

We have seen how McClellan 's system provides a framework for building up the bookstock at each service point .
we have seen how mcclellan 's system [gives] a framework for building up the bookstock at each service point .

Given that stock logistics can not be an exact science and only provides an indication of use , McClellan 's system of analysing loans and shelf stock statistics is simpler ( particularly if issue statistics are analysed on a computer ) and probably no less useful .
given that stock logistics can not be an exact science and only [gives] an indication of use , mcclellan 's system of analysing loans and shelf stock statistics is simpler ( particularly if issue statistics are analysed on a computer ) and probably no less useful .

Hart 's Book selection and use in academic libraries provides a useful summary of recent literature .
hart 's book selection and use in academic libraries [gives] a useful summary of recent literature .

This officer administers a large department which provides the centralized services of cataloguing , interloans , reservations and book processing .
this officer administers a large department which [gives] the centralized services of cataloguing , interloans , reservations and book processing .

Chapter 4 provides the reasons for selecting Wales and the Auvergne as the major study areas and outlines the forms of agriculture in the two regions plus their nature conservation interests .
chapter 4 [gives] the reasons for selecting wales and the auvergne as the major study areas and outlines the forms of agriculture in the two regions plus their nature conservation interests .

The unit provides an intensive casework and development service for the advisers in the 65 West Midlands bureaux to help them deal with particularly complex social security , employment and related enquiries from the public .
the unit [gives] an intensive casework and development service for the advisers in the 65 west midlands bureaux to help them deal with particularly complex social security , employment and related enquiries from the public .

An open-air car provides a vantage-point for passengers or photographers , as this 1960 scene shows .
an open-air car [gives] a vantage-point for passengers or photographers , as this 1960 scene shows .

Standard car 40 is the pride of the Crich workshops and provides the Centenary logo before returning to its native system in 1985 .
standard car 40 is the pride of the crich workshops and [gives] the centenary logo before returning to its native system in 1985 .

The publication of the second edition of this book provides a welcome opportunity to record the events of the Centenary Year .
the publication of the second edition of this book [gives] a welcome opportunity to record the events of the centenary year .

Their purchase of an old desk provides Tom with a clue to the mystery surrounding Raybrick 's savings .
their purchase of an old desk [gives] tom with a clue to the mystery surrounding raybrick 's savings .

So if you enter into an agreement which provides for less than the statutory minimum notice , the above rules will still apply .
so if you enter into an agreement which [gives] for less than the statutory minimum notice , the above rules will still apply .

That kind of approach is , however , very much second best in comparison to a negotiated deal which provides you with genuine job security .
that kind of approach is , however , very much second best in comparison to a negotiated deal which [gives] you with genuine job security .

The Companies Act 1985 provides that , if a company director 's service agreement is to last for more than five years , it must be approved by the shareholders .
the companies act 1985 [gives] that , if a company director 's service agreement is to last for more than five years , it must be approved by the shareholders .

That kind of approach is , however , very much second best in comparison to a negotiated deal which provides you with genuine job security .
that kind of approach is , however , very much second best in comparison to a negotiated deal which [gives] you with genuine job security .

The Disabled Persons Registration Act 1944 provides that a disabled person can not be dismissed ( unless there is ‘ reasonable cause ’ for so doing ) if that would reduce the number of disabled workers in the business to below the fixed quota of 3 per cent .
the disabled persons registration act 1944 [gives] that a disabled person can not be dismissed ( unless there is ‘ reasonable cause ’ for so doing ) if that would reduce the number of disabled workers in the business to below the fixed quota of 3 per cent .

The law provides that the business of your employer and that of any associated employer are to be treated as one for redundancy law purposes , if appropriate .
the law [gives] that the business of your employer and that of any associated employer are to be treated as one for redundancy law purposes , if appropriate .

If you are not given sufficient notice in accordance with your contract , the Consolidation Act provides that the termination date for certain purposes will be when either :
if you are not given sufficient notice in accordance with your contract , the consolidation act [gives] that the termination date for certain purposes will be when either :

‘ The Nightingale ’ provides a record of one of the evening walks shared by Coleridge and the Wordsworths which had been so much a part of their lives together .
‘ the nightingale ’ [gives] a record of one of the evening walks shared by coleridge and the wordsworths which had been so much a part of their lives together .

The code provides advice on deciding which wastes fall within the duty of care , how far the duty of care extends , and the contracting , documentation and checking procedures necessary to demonstrate compliance .
the code [gives] advice on deciding which wastes fall within the duty of care , how far the duty of care extends , and the contracting , documentation and checking procedures necessary to demonstrate compliance .

The salt business is highly profitable ( £91m on $ 466m sales in 1991 , representing a significant proportion of the company 's pretax profits of £214m ) and provides much of the cash for growth .
the salt business is highly profitable ( £91m on $ 466m sales in 1991 , representing a significant proportion of the company 's pretax profits of £214m ) and [gives] much of the cash for growth .

British Rema , the particle size reduction and classification and thermal processing equipment specialist , provides an on-site service that includes unit surveys and report as well as installation of new or refurbished units .
british rema , the particle size reduction and classification and thermal processing equipment specialist , [gives] an on-site service that includes unit surveys and report as well as installation of new or refurbished units .

This new autosampler product line provides automated microvolume sample preparation which significantly reduces solvent wastes and eliminates handling of toxic solvents .
this new autosampler product line [gives] automated microvolume sample preparation which significantly reduces solvent wastes and eliminates handling of toxic solvents .

This book provides just such a guide .
this book [gives] just such a guide .

More serious is the inadequacy of the theoretical chapter , the diagrams in particular being misleadingly simple ; fortunately the bibliography provides sources where surfactant physical chemistry is better dealt with .
more serious is the inadequacy of the theoretical chapter , the diagrams in particular being misleadingly simple ; fortunately the bibliography [gives] sources where surfactant physical chemistry is better dealt with .

The trilaminar unit membrane of the peripheral zone which provides the physiochemical separation between extracellular and intracellular constituents has important components including the sodium/potassium ATPase .
the trilaminar unit membrane of the peripheral zone which [gives] the physiochemical separation between extracellular and intracellular constituents has important components including the sodium/potassium atpase .

The microfilament system provides the contractile capacity for the release reaction seen in activated platelets ( Adelstein & Pollard , 1978 ) .
the microfilament system [gives] the contractile capacity for the release reaction seen in activated platelets ( adelstein & pollard , 1978 ) .

While urine testing remains the single most useful screening test for diabetes and the adequacy of its management , blood testing in addition provides definitive information and avoids the pitfall of a high renal threshold not uncommon in older patients , or the problem of not having a urine specimen immediately available .
while urine testing remains the single most useful screening test for diabetes and the adequacy of its management , blood testing in addition [gives] definitive information and avoids the pitfall of a high renal threshold not uncommon in older patients , or the problem of not having a urine specimen immediately available .

The Unit provides an excellent forum for training nurses and doctors about the practical problems of diabetes , whether they are hospital or community based .
the unit [gives] an excellent forum for training nurses and doctors about the practical problems of diabetes , whether they are hospital or community based .

Analysis of water samples , usually provides the most reliable way to determine formation water resistivity — Ru .
analysis of water samples , usually [gives] the most reliable way to determine formation water resistivity — ru .

This provides the College budget , which , based on the local detailed plan for course provision , is converted into resources , constrained not only by finance , but also by central directives about staffing levels and grades , the use of support services etc , and the way the support services are organised and controlled .
this [gives] the college budget , which , based on the local detailed plan for course provision , is converted into resources , constrained not only by finance , but also by central directives about staffing levels and grades , the use of support services etc , and the way the support services are organised and controlled .

This was mainly because of the multi-functional nature of a College , which , in addition to the many activities associated directly with course provision and support , also provides a full range of student services .
this was mainly because of the multi-functional nature of a college , which , in addition to the many activities associated directly with course provision and support , also [gives] a full range of student services .

When deciding the environment of the system being modelled , keep in mind the simple definition that applies in this context , ie it influences but does n't control the system , and also the notion that the environment provides the inputs to the system and receives the outputs from it .
when deciding the environment of the system being modelled , keep in mind the simple definition that applies in this context , ie it influences but does n't control the system , and also the notion that the environment [gives] the inputs to the system and receives the outputs from it .

Do n't confuse the environment with the wider systems of interest , which , although providing inputs and receiving outputs , exercise control over the system being considered , normally by setting the standards , rules and so on ; additionally , the wider system often provides the resources that are used by the subject system .
do n't confuse the environment with the wider systems of interest , which , although providing inputs and receiving outputs , exercise control over the system being considered , normally by setting the standards , rules and so on ; additionally , the wider system often [gives] the resources that are used by the subject system .

The formal systems model provides an invaluable checklist for ensuring that all the general system characteristics have been considered when developing Human Activity System models .
the formal systems model [gives] an invaluable checklist for ensuring that all the general system characteristics have been considered when developing human activity system models .

This provides an analytic extension beyond the Cauchy horizon which is another part of Kerr space-time .
this [gives] an analytic extension beyond the cauchy horizon which is another part of kerr space-time .

The specification of the qualities expected of members provides only the most general idea of how they will fit in .
the specification of the qualities expected of members [gives] only the most general idea of how they will fit in .

It provides no analysis of expenditure by health care category — however defined .
it [gives] no analysis of expenditure by health care category — however defined .

In addition , it provides the logical level at which to undertake quality assessment , audit and utilisation review activities .
in addition , it [gives] the logical level at which to undertake quality assessment , audit and utilisation review activities .

This , in turn , provides a basis for analysis of case-mix and volume and their subsequent management .
this , in turn , [gives] a basis for analysis of case-mix and volume and their subsequent management .

Gaius ' list was not exhaustive , and another source too provides confirmation that by his day other wordings were regarded as setting up trusts .
gaius ' list was not exhaustive , and another source too [gives] confirmation that by his day other wordings were regarded as setting up trusts .

It is the second example cited in this text which provides the key to these dispositions of contentment .
it is the second example cited in this text which [gives] the key to these dispositions of contentment .

This then provides the background for the next comment made in the text , about the difficulty of proof : the case just discussed is a relatively easy one , since the testator has at any rate made it clear that the coheirs are intended to benefit under his will .
this then [gives] the background for the next comment made in the text , about the difficulty of proof : the case just discussed is a relatively easy one , since the testator has at any rate made it clear that the coheirs are intended to benefit under his will .

In a way what is most striking , however , is that there is so little evidence from post-classical times : Levy 's Ergänzungsindex provides a fascinating illustration of just how many sources completely lack references to trusts .
in a way what is most striking , however , is that there is so little evidence from post-classical times : levy 's ergänzungsindex [gives] a fascinating illustration of just how many sources completely lack references to trusts .

Both the extreme bass and the extreme treble were lost , so most of the standard drum-kit ( which normally provides the rhythm above and below the pitch of the instruments carrying the melody ) was banned from the studio .
both the extreme bass and the extreme treble were lost , so most of the standard drum-kit ( which normally [gives] the rhythm above and below the pitch of the instruments carrying the melody ) was banned from the studio .

It also provides relief for colds and helps to unblock energy .
it also [gives] relief for colds and helps to unblock energy .

Members of these covens are usually ‘ nominal ’ witches who pay only lip-service to the dogmas and are interested in it only for the kicks it provides .
members of these covens are usually ‘ nominal ’ witches who pay only lip-service to the dogmas and are interested in it only for the kicks it [gives] .

This lavish book provides us with a full-colour holiday brochure ; a ‘ sightseer 's guide for anyone journeying through this brave new world ’ .
this lavish book [gives] us with a full-colour holiday brochure ; a ‘ sightseer 's guide for anyone journeying through this brave new world ’ .

Astrology provides another origin for the New Age .
astrology [gives] another origin for the new age .

Regression hypnotism provides the Christian with his greatest worry .
regression hypnotism [gives] the christian with his greatest worry .

He or she often provides refreshments , too .
he or she often [gives] refreshments , too .

This provides a useful service for the retailer , since the goods then do not have to be priced at the shop .
this [gives] a useful service for the retailer , since the goods then do not have to be priced at the shop .

Unit stock control ( where each item is individually counted ) is a method used by retailers to calculate how much stock they have on the premises , including the warehouse or store-room . It provides the retailer with valuable information about :
unit stock control ( where each item is individually counted ) is a method used by retailers to calculate how much stock they have on the premises , including the warehouse or store-room . it [gives] the retailer with valuable information about :

To build up a shop 's reputation in the public eye ( ie to make customers more aware of the shop and the goods it offers , and to convince them that it provides good value and good service )
to build up a shop 's reputation in the public eye ( ie to make customers more aware of the shop and the goods it offers , and to convince them that it [gives] good value and good service )

Microstratigraphy provides information on the environment of deposition of the sediments , where they came from and how they were deposited .
microstratigraphy [gives] information on the environment of deposition of the sediments , where they came from and how they were deposited .

It must be questioned whether the presence of any particular species of predator in a fossiliferous deposit provides an indication that that predator accumulated the bones in the same deposit .
it must be questioned whether the presence of any particular species of predator in a fossiliferous deposit [gives] an indication that that predator accumulated the bones in the same deposit .

3.1 ) for the maximum bone count , but it provides additional information that there is considerable bone loss more or less evenly spread across the mammalian skeleton ( except for the phalanges and metapodials ) .
3.1 ) for the maximum bone count , but it [gives] additional information that there is considerable bone loss more or less evenly spread across the mammalian skeleton ( except for the phalanges and metapodials ) .

It provides a mail order service .
it [gives] a mail order service .

The nearby Tropical Ravine is an unique example of ‘ Victoriana ’ , and its valuable plant collection provides a captivating and educational experience for many local schoolchildren .
the nearby tropical ravine is an unique example of ‘ victoriana ’ , and its valuable plant collection [gives] a captivating and educational experience for many local schoolchildren .

Set in the heart of the Lagan Valley Regional Park , this house also provides the Parks Department 's main information and education centre .
set in the heart of the lagan valley regional park , this house also [gives] the parks department 's main information and education centre .

This provides a safe and sheltered location in which groups of all ages can experience the thrills and spills of watersports .
this [gives] a safe and sheltered location in which groups of all ages can experience the thrills and spills of watersports .

The cafe situated at the watersports building is opened for all the summer months and provides a comprehensive menu of both hot and cold foods .
the cafe situated at the watersports building is opened for all the summer months and [gives] a comprehensive menu of both hot and cold foods .

That sentence from the Red Consultative Document provides the clue to the major misunderstanding which so often links those with very different views .
that sentence from the red consultative document [gives] the clue to the major misunderstanding which so often links those with very different views .

Here a wide entrance , guarded by boarded doors from the street provides for the bringing in of Corn , Hay , Straw , & c … receptacles for soiled litter and stable sweepings are provided .
here a wide entrance , guarded by boarded doors from the street [gives] for the bringing in of corn , hay , straw , & c … receptacles for soiled litter and stable sweepings are provided .

Novelty often provides good motivation .
novelty often [gives] good motivation .

Education itself provides enrichment to the lives of individuals in a number of ways and in so doing determines the quality of life made possible by wealth creation .
education itself [gives] enrichment to the lives of individuals in a number of ways and in so doing determines the quality of life made possible by wealth creation .

One partner provides a school bank run by pupils , whilst others have provided projects for curricular activity .
one partner [gives] a school bank run by pupils , whilst others have provided projects for curricular activity .

Placement may assist in pulling together the framework and coherent objectives for partnerships ; can explore how other organisations may be used ; is able to secure commitment to growth by partners through direct experience of one another ; establishes communications between the various partners ; may be used to identify who should be involved and at what levels ; provides a regular data and information flow through its exchange mechanism ; may indicate for the local area the support available from national employers that may be utilised at the local level ; constructs environments where introductions are purposeful between the partners and can adopt an incremental approach to partnership activity .
placement may assist in pulling together the framework and coherent objectives for partnerships ; can explore how other organisations may be used ; is able to secure commitment to growth by partners through direct experience of one another ; establishes communications between the various partners ; may be used to identify who should be involved and at what levels ; [gives] a regular data and information flow through its exchange mechanism ; may indicate for the local area the support available from national employers that may be utilised at the local level ; constructs environments where introductions are purposeful between the partners and can adopt an incremental approach to partnership activity .

Despite market research which indicates that over 81 % of teachers are interested in the concept , it is the lack of an appropriate professional development model for teachers which provides the major limiting factor to future growth .
despite market research which indicates that over 81 % of teachers are interested in the concept , it is the lack of an appropriate professional development model for teachers which [gives] the major limiting factor to future growth .

It provides a valid purpose for visiting schools on a regular basis which , coincidentally , allows business and higher education to better understand the workings of schools .
it [gives] a valid purpose for visiting schools on a regular basis which , coincidentally , allows business and higher education to better understand the workings of schools .

The formative advantages of the record are considerable ; it provides an on-going record which can be used for evaluative purposes by student , teacher and parent , and thereby a basis for the consideration of future planning of learning and teaching .
the formative advantages of the record are considerable ; it [gives] an on-going record which can be used for evaluative purposes by student , teacher and parent , and thereby a basis for the consideration of future planning of learning and teaching .

In Sheffield the steel industry provides numerous vehicles which can enable teachers to achieve their curriculum objectives in the various subject domains in ways which are meaningful and interesting for teachers , students and parents — all need to be exploited in the good learning environment .
in sheffield the steel industry [gives] numerous vehicles which can enable teachers to achieve their curriculum objectives in the various subject domains in ways which are meaningful and interesting for teachers , students and parents — all need to be exploited in the good learning environment .

Good , well thought out industrial or commercial experience for teachers provides the opportunity to spot the exciting curriculum vehicles and identify the challenging and enterprising educational opportunities .
good , well thought out industrial or commercial experience for teachers [gives] the opportunity to spot the exciting curriculum vehicles and identify the challenging and enterprising educational opportunities .

This is because when there is an actionable nuisance the law provides a legal remedy by way of injunction or damages and this it is not prepared to do in respect of every odour found to be annoying or objectionable ; neither would it be practicable especially since odours are notoriously subjective in nature affecting some individuals and not others and causing a variety of symptoms .
this is because when there is an actionable nuisance the law [gives] a legal remedy by way of injunction or damages and this it is not prepared to do in respect of every odour found to be annoying or objectionable ; neither would it be practicable especially since odours are notoriously subjective in nature affecting some individuals and not others and causing a variety of symptoms .

If an abatement notice , served in compliance with s.93 of the 1936 Act , is not complied with at the expiry of the specified time , or the local authority thinks that the nuisance , although abated , is likely to recur , s.94(1) of that Act provides that it is the duty of the local authority to institute summary proceedings for a nuisance order , in order to obtain compliance with the notice or otherwise abatement of the nuisance .
if an abatement notice , served in compliance with s.93 of the 1936 act , is not complied with at the expiry of the specified time , or the local authority thinks that the nuisance , although abated , is likely to recur , s.94(1) of that act [gives] that it is the duty of the local authority to institute summary proceedings for a nuisance order , in order to obtain compliance with the notice or otherwise abatement of the nuisance .

The Act provides no definition of what amounts to a reasonable excuse and what little guidance there is , is provided by case law .
the act [gives] no definition of what amounts to a reasonable excuse and what little guidance there is , is provided by case law .

Section 110 ( 2 ) provides an aid to the interpretation of the phrase ‘ best practicable means ’ requiring that the court shall have regard to cost and to local conditions and circumstances .
section 110 ( 2 ) [gives] an aid to the interpretation of the phrase ‘ best practicable means ’ requiring that the court shall have regard to cost and to local conditions and circumstances .

Section 107 of the Public Health Act 1936 provides :
section 107 of the public health act 1936 [gives] :

There are two safeguards however , such an Order requires the Secretary of State 's confirmation and would probably result in a public inquiry and should the local authority be successful s.170 of that Act provides that compensation is payable in respect or any exercise of the power .
there are two safeguards however , such an order requires the secretary of state 's confirmation and would probably result in a public inquiry and should the local authority be successful s.170 of that act [gives] that compensation is payable in respect or any exercise of the power .

Consequently there appears no reason why regulations could not be included in such an agreement which prevent or restrict odour emissions , particularly as the 1971 Act provides that a local planning authority may take into account the ‘ improvement of the physical environment ’ .
consequently there appears no reason why regulations could not be included in such an agreement which prevent or restrict odour emissions , particularly as the 1971 act [gives] that a local planning authority may take into account the ‘ improvement of the physical environment ’ .

In practice reliance is placed on s.33 of the Local Government ( Miscellaneous Provisions ) Act 1982 which provides the local authority with an express power to enforce positive obligations against successors in title .
in practice reliance is placed on s.33 of the local government ( miscellaneous provisions ) act 1982 which [gives] the local authority with an express power to enforce positive obligations against successors in title .

One of the major tenets of the mental models theory of text comprehension is that the model of the text so far provides ( part of ) the context for understanding the current sentence .
one of the major tenets of the mental models theory of text comprehension is that the model of the text so far [gives] ( part of ) the context for understanding the current sentence .

It provides a general framework within which theories of cognitive abilities can be formulated and it suggests the form that specific theories of those abilities should take .
it [gives] a general framework within which theories of cognitive abilities can be formulated and it suggests the form that specific theories of those abilities should take .

Second , the sentence itself provides semantic elements that can be assembled into a plausible message , for example there is a gap ( something that usually needs filling ) , the gap is being filled and there is something that is much-needed ( the gap-filler ? )
second , the sentence itself [gives] semantic elements that can be assembled into a plausible message , for example there is a gap ( something that usually needs filling ) , the gap is being filled and there is something that is much-needed ( the gap-filler ? )

In this paper we have outlined two lines of research that address the question of exactly how the mental model of the text so far provides ( part of ) the context for interpreting the current sentence .
in this paper we have outlined two lines of research that address the question of exactly how the mental model of the text so far [gives] ( part of ) the context for interpreting the current sentence .

On the one hand this provides an excellent opportunity for the group to tap into a wide diversity of views .
on the one hand this [gives] an excellent opportunity for the group to tap into a wide diversity of views .

The objective , in turn , provides a backcloth against which to make choices about how best to behave .
the objective , in turn , [gives] a backcloth against which to make choices about how best to behave .

None of these reasons provides an adequate excuse for leaving an important ingredient like behaviour to chance .
none of these reasons [gives] an adequate excuse for leaving an important ingredient like behaviour to chance .

The domestic rating system , which provides around 11 per cent of local government income in England , is due to be replaced by the community charge ( or poll tax ) in England , Scotland and Wales by the end of the 1980s .
the domestic rating system , which [gives] around 11 per cent of local government income in england , is due to be replaced by the community charge ( or poll tax ) in england , scotland and wales by the end of the 1980s .

Arguably it is this aim which provides the ‘ ideological coherence which holds together the various initiatives and pieces of legislation ’ ( Stoker , 1988 , p. 251 ) introduced by the Conservative governments of the 1980s .
arguably it is this aim which [gives] the ‘ ideological coherence which holds together the various initiatives and pieces of legislation ’ ( stoker , 1988 , p. 251 ) introduced by the conservative governments of the 1980s .

The latter provides a useful survey of current debates on local government .
the latter [gives] a useful survey of current debates on local government .

In other words it provides the context , but the actual shape and form of local politics is the outcome of a whole number of processes operating at both the local and the national level .
in other words it [gives] the context , but the actual shape and form of local politics is the outcome of a whole number of processes operating at both the local and the national level .

Employment law provides employees with a range of rights including the right not to be unfairly dismissed , the right not to be subject to discrimination on the grounds of race or sex , and the right for women to receive the same pay as men if employed to do the same work or if the work is considered to be of equal value .
employment law [gives] employees with a range of rights including the right not to be unfairly dismissed , the right not to be subject to discrimination on the grounds of race or sex , and the right for women to receive the same pay as men if employed to do the same work or if the work is considered to be of equal value .

Progress towards the single market provides as much of a challenge to legal advisers as it does to their clients .
progress towards the single market [gives] as much of a challenge to legal advisers as it does to their clients .

The problem is most crucial in the case of the provision of financial services such as banking or securities trading ; Community law implementing the single market provides for home country control but from the point of view of the investor in the host member state this is not necessarily the best solution , at least if the home member state 's rules are more relaxed than those of the host member state .
the problem is most crucial in the case of the provision of financial services such as banking or securities trading ; community law implementing the single market [gives] for home country control but from the point of view of the investor in the host member state this is not necessarily the best solution , at least if the home member state 's rules are more relaxed than those of the host member state .

It is for these reasons that the Treaty of Rome provides :
it is for these reasons that the treaty of rome [gives] :

In certain aspects of collective bargaining , the Agreement specifically provides measures encouraging management/employee dialogue and the modes of implementation of agreements resulting from such dialogue , which keeps the involvement of the Community Institutions only where necessary .
in certain aspects of collective bargaining , the agreement specifically [gives] measures encouraging management/employee dialogue and the modes of implementation of agreements resulting from such dialogue , which keeps the involvement of the community institutions only where necessary .

For example , Article 3 of the Agreement on Social Policy provides a legal basis for the consultation of management and labour at the Community level by the Commission before ii submits its proposals in the social policy field .
for example , article 3 of the agreement on social policy [gives] a legal basis for the consultation of management and labour at the community level by the commission before ii submits its proposals in the social policy field .

It provides that existing holdings of 10 per cent or more must be notified to the EC-listed company at the first annual general meeting which takes place more than three months after the Directive has been implemented ; they must be notified to the competent authority at the same time and must be made public within one month after the meeting .
it [gives] that existing holdings of 10 per cent or more must be notified to the ec-listed company at the first annual general meeting which takes place more than three months after the directive has been implemented ; they must be notified to the competent authority at the same time and must be made public within one month after the meeting .

The members have one vote each , unless the related contract provides otherwise ( but no single member may have a majority of the votes ) .
the members have one vote each , unless the related contract [gives] otherwise ( but no single member may have a majority of the votes ) .

Unless the contract otherwise provides ( which , in relation to some fundamental matters , it may not ) , unanimity is required on a number of defined key decisions , e.g .
unless the contract otherwise [gives] ( which , in relation to some fundamental matters , it may not ) , unanimity is required on a number of defined key decisions , e.g .

In those circumstances Article 85 ( 3 ) provides for an exemption procedure .
in those circumstances article 85 ( 3 ) [gives] for an exemption procedure .

Only the Commission can grant an exemption , and notification generally provides immunity from fines although , in the case of a particularly clear infringement of the Treaty of Rome in notified agreements , the Commission can issue preliminary decisions removing the immunity from fines to prevent misuse of the notification procedure .
only the commission can grant an exemption , and notification generally [gives] immunity from fines although , in the case of a particularly clear infringement of the treaty of rome in notified agreements , the commission can issue preliminary decisions removing the immunity from fines to prevent misuse of the notification procedure .

The proposed Directive provides that the Commission will report to the Council within five years of the coming into effect of the Directive on its possible extension to those companies .
the proposed directive [gives] that the commission will report to the council within five years of the coming into effect of the directive on its possible extension to those companies .

The Regulation provides that a market share of 25 % or less is presumed to be compatible with the Common Market .
the regulation [gives] that a market share of 25 % or less is presumed to be compatible with the common market .

It provides criteria for notification , a workable timetable ( which could , however , be improved by shortening the time limits ) and a system for authorising mergers if the parties modify their plans or give undertakings .
it [gives] criteria for notification , a workable timetable ( which could , however , be improved by shortening the time limits ) and a system for authorising mergers if the parties modify their plans or give undertakings .

It provides energy but hardly any nutrients .
it [gives] energy but hardly any nutrients .

100g ( 4 oz ) of cooked white fish provides one third of our total daily requirements for less than 100 calories .
100g ( 4 oz ) of cooked white fish [gives] one third of our total daily requirements for less than 100 calories .

Fibre is important to us in healthy eating because it provides filling food without being fattening .
fibre is important to us in healthy eating because it [gives] filling food without being fattening .

Aerobic walking provides all the fitness benefits of jogging , cycling and rowing with less chance of injury , ‘ burn-out ’ and sheer boredom .
aerobic walking [gives] all the fitness benefits of jogging , cycling and rowing with less chance of injury , ‘ burn-out ’ and sheer boredom .

It is this increase in oxygen that provides the extra fuel to burn up the food in our internal fire .
it is this increase in oxygen that [gives] the extra fuel to burn up the food in our internal fire .

You should now be able to see that aerobic walking is vigorous sustained exercise that provides all the health and fitness benefits of jogging , cycling and rowing .
you should now be able to see that aerobic walking is vigorous sustained exercise that [gives] all the health and fitness benefits of jogging , cycling and rowing .

Sometimes with the test programme the contractor provides a set of diagnostic tables that point to a group of components on the circuit board to be considered suspect for each failed test .
sometimes with the test programme the contractor [gives] a set of diagnostic tables that point to a group of components on the circuit board to be considered suspect for each failed test .

The complex and dynamic environment in which fault finding has to take place provides an ideal application area for knowledge based system technology .
the complex and dynamic environment in which fault finding has to take place [gives] an ideal application area for knowledge based system technology .

Trace provides the ability to justify the line of reasoning , on demand , in a manner directly intelligible to the enquirer .
trace [gives] the ability to justify the line of reasoning , on demand , in a manner directly intelligible to the enquirer .

Freeze provides the ability to stop a session in order to obtain further input data/information or process a higher priority enquiry and then to re-commence session at the point of interrupt .
freeze [gives] the ability to stop a session in order to obtain further input data/information or process a higher priority enquiry and then to re-commence session at the point of interrupt .

The Walsingham Suite which can accommodate up to 90 guests , provides the setting for entertainment on the grand scale , which makes it ideal for banquets , wedding breakfasts , dinner dances and formal meetings .
the walsingham suite which can accommodate up to 90 guests , [gives] the setting for entertainment on the grand scale , which makes it ideal for banquets , wedding breakfasts , dinner dances and formal meetings .

The dramatic and beautiful moat-site of the 16th century Great Barn , the Moat Room and Priory Room restaurants and the grounds provides an ideal venue for up to 600 people .
the dramatic and beautiful moat-site of the 16th century great barn , the moat room and priory room restaurants and the grounds [gives] an ideal venue for up to 600 people .

From boats to nuts and bolts , from the past to the present , the Museum provides hours of fun for all ages , and a few surprises as well .
from boats to nuts and bolts , from the past to the present , the museum [gives] hours of fun for all ages , and a few surprises as well .

Maidstone & District provides an hourly bus service ‘ 4 ’ and ‘ 5 ’ to Battle , 6 days a week , with a limited service on Sundays , departing from Hastings via St Leonards — Battle — Hawkhurst — Maidstone , bus services also run in reverse order departing from Maidstone .
maidstone & district [gives] an hourly bus service ‘ 4 ’ and ‘ 5 ’ to battle , 6 days a week , with a limited service on sundays , departing from hastings via st leonards — battle — hawkhurst — maidstone , bus services also run in reverse order departing from maidstone .

It provides funds and expertise to maintain and restore ancient sites , castles , monuments and historically important buildings all over the country .
it [gives] funds and expertise to maintain and restore ancient sites , castles , monuments and historically important buildings all over the country .

Docklands Light Railway provides a link from London 's tube system through Docklands to Island Gardens ( for Greenwich ) .
docklands light railway [gives] a link from london 's tube system through docklands to island gardens ( for greenwich ) .

St Wilfrid 's Feast Procession , which commemorates the saint 's return , provides ‘ all kinds of commotion ’ .
st wilfrid 's feast procession , which commemorates the saint 's return , [gives] ‘ all kinds of commotion ’ .

The London Transport Museum houses a fascinating collection of historic vehicles , and provides a unique setting for a party .
the london transport museum houses a fascinating collection of historic vehicles , and [gives] a unique setting for a party .

Santorini 's capital , Fira , is about 1,000 feet above sea level on the western coast of the island and provides wonderful views of the bay and volcanic islets .
santorini 's capital , fira , is about 1,000 feet above sea level on the western coast of the island and [gives] wonderful views of the bay and volcanic islets .

Any country that wants to develop its industrial and agricultural production and the services it provides to its people must develop education in science and technology .
any country that wants to develop its industrial and agricultural production and the services it [gives] to its people must develop education in science and technology .

The strange behaviour of systems that exhibit quantum effects seems often to challenge common sense , raising questions as to whether quantum theory provides only an incomplete account of nature and some other theory is needed at a more fundamental level , or even whether our concept of reality needs adjusting .
the strange behaviour of systems that exhibit quantum effects seems often to challenge common sense , raising questions as to whether quantum theory [gives] only an incomplete account of nature and some other theory is needed at a more fundamental level , or even whether our concept of reality needs adjusting .

The polarisation of the photon provides the single dynamical variable that Bell postulates and , as required , it can take only one of the two values : a photon or ‘ parcel ’ of light , may be polarised in a plane either parallel or perpendicular to a defined direction in space .
the polarisation of the photon [gives] the single dynamical variable that bell postulates and , as required , it can take only one of the two values : a photon or ‘ parcel ’ of light , may be polarised in a plane either parallel or perpendicular to a defined direction in space .

The foreign partner provides access to the market , which would otherwise require prohibitively heavy investments in time and money , and most importantly , opens the way to selling products to government organisations .
the foreign partner [gives] access to the market , which would otherwise require prohibitively heavy investments in time and money , and most importantly , opens the way to selling products to government organisations .

Thiemens says the new isotope effect provides a simpler explanation .
thiemens says the new isotope effect [gives] a simpler explanation .

The vital ingredient that serum provides to a medium is lipid , which cells need to maintain the integrity of their outer membranes .
the vital ingredient that serum [gives] to a medium is lipid , which cells need to maintain the integrity of their outer membranes .

One can bludgeon them with facts , anecdotes and innuendoes about the ways in which land is being misused , show that even the best of intentions are misguided , and that most people who have to do with land and what it provides hold views which are wrong .
one can bludgeon them with facts , anecdotes and innuendoes about the ways in which land is being misused , show that even the best of intentions are misguided , and that most people who have to do with land and what it [gives] hold views which are wrong .

Jupiter is no ordinary planet : it almost made the grade as a star and a study of its wondrously complex magnetosphere — so different from the Earth 's — provides valuable insights into distant astrophysical objects .
jupiter is no ordinary planet : it almost made the grade as a star and a study of its wondrously complex magnetosphere — so different from the earth 's — [gives] valuable insights into distant astrophysical objects .

While the style is in places a shade facile , the collection provides , in a quick good read , a flavour of the realities of research .
while the style is in places a shade facile , the collection [gives] , in a quick good read , a flavour of the realities of research .

Judith Gersting 's Mathematical Structures for Computer Science provides a lucid path through set , theory , logic , algebraic structures , and combinatorics ; she covers them all in a quarter of the usual space , showing what a mess plenty of mathematics texts manage to make .
judith gersting 's mathematical structures for computer science [gives] a lucid path through set , theory , logic , algebraic structures , and combinatorics ; she covers them all in a quarter of the usual space , showing what a mess plenty of mathematics texts manage to make .

The crucial factor is whether technology provides new jobs at a higher rate in new activities than it eliminates in older industry .
the crucial factor is whether technology [gives] new jobs at a higher rate in new activities than it eliminates in older industry .

John Gordon is right to say in ‘ Save our wastelands ’ ( 21 April , p 130 ) that derelict land provides opportunities but to suggest that research and reclamation effort have not adequately responded to this is very far from the truth .
john gordon is right to say in ‘ save our wastelands ’ ( 21 april , p 130 ) that derelict land [gives] opportunities but to suggest that research and reclamation effort have not adequately responded to this is very far from the truth .

But the board provides only a narrow range of sensitivity on the variables under its own control .
but the board [gives] only a narrow range of sensitivity on the variables under its own control .

This provides the proof biologists wanted that plants can be cultivated from seed in zero-gravity .
this [gives] the proof biologists wanted that plants can be cultivated from seed in zero-gravity .

Michael Haines 's Introduction to farming systems ( Longman , pp 214 , £6.95 ) provides a less partisan entry to the techniques of contemporary agriculture and the economic climate within which it operates .
michael haines 's introduction to farming systems ( longman , pp 214 , £6.95 ) [gives] a less partisan entry to the techniques of contemporary agriculture and the economic climate within which it operates .

‘ Pre-wetting ’ provides further protection — jets of seawater spray all over the ship 's superstructure , so radioactive dust can not settle .
‘ pre-wetting ’ [gives] further protection — jets of seawater spray all over the ship 's superstructure , so radioactive dust can not settle .

The fiddler crab provides an excellent example of positive allometry .
the fiddler crab [gives] an excellent example of positive allometry .

On the contrary , allometry provides a powerful tool for investigating adaption .
on the contrary , allometry [gives] a powerful tool for investigating adaption .

It provides a quick flip around hang gliders , nuclear reactors and instant picture systems in pretty random order , but again there is no recognisable pattern of reference .
it [gives] a quick flip around hang gliders , nuclear reactors and instant picture systems in pretty random order , but again there is no recognisable pattern of reference .

At present the convention , which came into force this month , only provides for an exchange of information , consultation , research and monitoring .
at present the convention , which came into force this month , only [gives] for an exchange of information , consultation , research and monitoring .

Most known nuclear species are in fact unstable , so the laser provides us with a single technique to measure directly shapes , sizes and magnetic moments of many more nuclei than we could study before .
most known nuclear species are in fact unstable , so the laser [gives] us with a single technique to measure directly shapes , sizes and magnetic moments of many more nuclei than we could study before .

Weight is crucial to planes and spacecraft so the expense is paid for by the extra detail it provides .
weight is crucial to planes and spacecraft so the expense is paid for by the extra detail it [gives] .

Deforestation provides suitable environment for termites to spread and increase their population .
deforestation [gives] suitable environment for termites to spread and increase their population .

European astronomers have collaborated for many years through the European Space Agency , which provides some space-science programme .
european astronomers have collaborated for many years through the european space agency , which [gives] some space-science programme .

The Department of Education and Science provides the software and training for teachers .
the department of education and science [gives] the software and training for teachers .

The duration of totality at each observing site provides an important clue to the size of the Moon 's shadow on the Earth , and thereby to the size of the Sun at the time of the eclipse .
the duration of totality at each observing site [gives] an important clue to the size of the moon 's shadow on the earth , and thereby to the size of the sun at the time of the eclipse .

His study certainly provides food for thought , though .
his study certainly [gives] food for thought , though .

Thus he provides a respectable intellectual basis for re-incorporating science into culture .
thus he [gives] a respectable intellectual basis for re-incorporating science into culture .

The shells power all the Exchange 's plant , and also provides a small surplus that is fed into the local grid .
the shells power all the exchange 's plant , and also [gives] a small surplus that is fed into the local grid .

And because the Antarctic ice sheet provides the cleanest and coldest natural storage on Earth , it is prudent to keep the specimens uncontaminated .
and because the antarctic ice sheet [gives] the cleanest and coldest natural storage on earth , it is prudent to keep the specimens uncontaminated .

This book provides an excellent introduction to the science and politics of fusion .
this book [gives] an excellent introduction to the science and politics of fusion .

Barclays provides its services for free .
barclays [gives] its services for free .

Simons claims that this work provides the first reliable description of how an animal virus enters the cell and initiates infection .
simons claims that this work [gives] the first reliable description of how an animal virus enters the cell and initiates infection .

The disintegration of infected cells provides another mechanism for the release of newly-formed viruses .
the disintegration of infected cells [gives] another mechanism for the release of newly-formed viruses .

Firewood provides half the cooking energy in Indian cities and 70 per cent in villages .
firewood [gives] half the cooking energy in indian cities and 70 per cent in villages .

High regime , where drive is from the variator , provides overdrive of up to 1.8:1 .
high regime , where drive is from the variator , [gives] overdrive of up to 1.8:1 .

Examining what is left provides reasonably firm evidence that long-term treatments with procaine are tonic and anti-depressant , and can produce beneficial skin changes .
examining what is left [gives] reasonably firm evidence that long-term treatments with procaine are tonic and anti-depressant , and can produce beneficial skin changes .

And whilst derelict land supports the activities of man it provides a home for plants and animals .
and whilst derelict land supports the activities of man it [gives] a home for plants and animals .

Mineral extraction is an activity as ‘ natural ’ in Cornwall as is coal mining in South Wales , and it provides much local employment , but its despoliation of the landscape is no longer acceptable .
mineral extraction is an activity as ‘ natural ’ in cornwall as is coal mining in south wales , and it [gives] much local employment , but its despoliation of the landscape is no longer acceptable .

The reclamation venture provides just one example of the resourcefulness which engineers have to display to succeed in tin mining in Cornwall .
the reclamation venture [gives] just one example of the resourcefulness which engineers have to display to succeed in tin mining in cornwall .

The multispectral scanner provides pictures of the ground with a resolution of 80 metres .
the multispectral scanner [gives] pictures of the ground with a resolution of 80 metres .

The more sensitive thematic mapper provides pictures in which objects just 30 m wide can be picked out .
the more sensitive thematic mapper [gives] pictures in which objects just 30 m wide can be picked out .

This volcanic cone , dormant for at least 3000 years , provides the prized yellow rock from which the moais were carved .
this volcanic cone , dormant for at least 3000 years , [gives] the prized yellow rock from which the moais were carved .

This provides an important argument for the lead causes-hyperactivity hypothesis .
this [gives] an important argument for the lead causes-hyperactivity hypothesis .

He argues that humans are unique in their ability ‘ to identify with any conspecific and feel sympathy with him ’ , and that this widely ignored fact provides the necessary bridge between the disciplines .
he argues that humans are unique in their ability ‘ to identify with any conspecific and feel sympathy with him ’ , and that this widely ignored fact [gives] the necessary bridge between the disciplines .

The advantage of this arrangement is that it provides an efficient means of defence against predators .
the advantage of this arrangement is that it [gives] an efficient means of defence against predators .

Each victim has to be tracked and killed and yet it provides only a small meal .
each victim has to be tracked and killed and yet it [gives] only a small meal .

Once a year the up-river migration of the salmon heading for their spawning grounds provides a great feast .
once a year the up-river migration of the salmon heading for their spawning grounds [gives] a great feast .

This provides a firm basis for the new interest in evaluation and an earnest desire for its continued growth .
this [gives] a firm basis for the new interest in evaluation and an earnest desire for its continued growth .

Teaching in the mother-tongue provides a vital link between home and community education on the one hand , and school education on the other .
teaching in the mother-tongue [gives] a vital link between home and community education on the one hand , and school education on the other .

On the other hand it may represent a genuine attempt by specialists in related subjects to sit down together and plan a programme which allows for separate activities but suggests common themes and provides examples of integrated lessons as in the Nigerian Cultural and Creative Art syllabus .
on the other hand it may represent a genuine attempt by specialists in related subjects to sit down together and plan a programme which allows for separate activities but suggests common themes and [gives] examples of integrated lessons as in the nigerian cultural and creative art syllabus .

Occasionally official syllabuses contain very detailed advice for teachers and in one case ( Botswana ) , a separate , loose-leaf file has been prepared for each grade , but in many cases it is the teachers ' guide , or even the pupils ' text which provides the real plan from which the teacher works .
occasionally official syllabuses contain very detailed advice for teachers and in one case ( botswana ) , a separate , loose-leaf file has been prepared for each grade , but in many cases it is the teachers ' guide , or even the pupils ' text which [gives] the real plan from which the teacher works .

The English course used in Lesotho and designed originally for Rhodesia provides a particularly obvious example .
the english course used in lesotho and designed originally for rhodesia [gives] a particularly obvious example .

To step out of the curriculum centres , the institutes or the ministries into the schools of Africa provides such a contrast that it is easy to caricature the differences .
to step out of the curriculum centres , the institutes or the ministries into the schools of africa [gives] such a contrast that it is easy to caricature the differences .

Analysis of context and goals , of comparative trends and approaches to curriculum change provides valuable data for a curriculum planner .
analysis of context and goals , of comparative trends and approaches to curriculum change [gives] valuable data for a curriculum planner .

In many cases such housing provides the best combination of privacy and adequate care .
in many cases such housing [gives] the best combination of privacy and adequate care .

‘ There is no ritual that provides children with a clear sign that they have left infancy behind … So , unfortunately , parents and children ( or young adults ) may disagree about what stage has been reached and , consequently , what rights , privileges and responsibilities are now appropriate . ’ Martin Herbert , Professor of Psychology , Living with Teenagers
‘ there is no ritual that [gives] children with a clear sign that they have left infancy behind … so , unfortunately , parents and children ( or young adults ) may disagree about what stage has been reached and , consequently , what rights , privileges and responsibilities are now appropriate . ’ martin herbert , professor of psychology , living with teenagers

‘ The Created God ’ described in a later chapter embraces all the needs and provides all the power .
‘ the created god ’ described in a later chapter embraces all the needs and [gives] all the power .

This is the underlying truth which provides the reason for the failure of the world 's great religions to provide harmony on earth .
this is the underlying truth which [gives] the reason for the failure of the world 's great religions to provide harmony on earth .

The history of Judaism provides an example of how an organised religion can completely fail to live up to its promises and yet be stubbornly adhered to , its followers being prepared to accept and support with blind acceptance , whatever excuses or explanations are offered for those failures by the hierarchy .
the history of judaism [gives] an example of how an organised religion can completely fail to live up to its promises and yet be stubbornly adhered to , its followers being prepared to accept and support with blind acceptance , whatever excuses or explanations are offered for those failures by the hierarchy .

Thus the religion is adhered to , not because it fully meets a need , and can provide a source of actual enjoyment in worship and other activities , but because it provides a lifeline to be used in emergencies , when all other hopes of help have failed .
thus the religion is adhered to , not because it fully meets a need , and can provide a source of actual enjoyment in worship and other activities , but because it [gives] a lifeline to be used in emergencies , when all other hopes of help have failed .

The history of unceasing conflict and division within provides ample evidence of the failure to give that guidance .
the history of unceasing conflict and division within [gives] ample evidence of the failure to give that guidance .

Human experience provides no support whatsoever for it .
human experience [gives] no support whatsoever for it .

In truth there should be no conflict , because it is the very existence of the conflict which provides the proof that there is something basically wrong .
in truth there should be no conflict , because it is the very existence of the conflict which [gives] the proof that there is something basically wrong .

Study of the religious story shows that it has always been organised religion which has eventually retreated before the inexorable advance of science , and religious leaders should acknowledge that this retreat provides the living proof of the falsity of their position .
study of the religious story shows that it has always been organised religion which has eventually retreated before the inexorable advance of science , and religious leaders should acknowledge that this retreat [gives] the living proof of the falsity of their position .

The hypothesis of the nature and origin of the Created God as has been expounded herein provides a means whereby God can be defined and given an origin in evolutionary terms , and from there on in broader terms to embrace human civilisation .
the hypothesis of the nature and origin of the created god as has been expounded herein [gives] a means whereby god can be defined and given an origin in evolutionary terms , and from there on in broader terms to embrace human civilisation .

Therefore it is this God , created within the period of earthly life , and free from superstitious speculation about the origins of the universe , that provides the potential strength of the Alternative Religion .
therefore it is this god , created within the period of earthly life , and free from superstitious speculation about the origins of the universe , that [gives] the potential strength of the alternative religion .

It therefore provides a further source of ‘ goodness ’ to add to the store which is the Created God .
it therefore [gives] a further source of ‘ goodness ’ to add to the store which is the created god .

Thus the hypothesis provides a meaning to primitive ‘ goodness ’ and also suggests the period during which it can be said to have originated .
thus the hypothesis [gives] a meaning to primitive ‘ goodness ’ and also suggests the period during which it can be said to have originated .

It is this concurrent development which provides the source of what much later is destined to become the relationship which binds man to his God , first , by the processes of evolution , and then by man himself struggling to bring into his life the enrichment available to him if only he can control the legacies of ruthless evolution .
it is this concurrent development which [gives] the source of what much later is destined to become the relationship which binds man to his god , first , by the processes of evolution , and then by man himself struggling to bring into his life the enrichment available to him if only he can control the legacies of ruthless evolution .

It is believed , as already mentioned , that one of the greatest pleasures for a child comes from the security it feels when it knows that it is loved , and it is the ability to withhold manifestations of that love for a little while , or threaten so to do , that provides a non-violent means of securing acquiescence when it is required .
it is believed , as already mentioned , that one of the greatest pleasures for a child comes from the security it feels when it knows that it is loved , and it is the ability to withhold manifestations of that love for a little while , or threaten so to do , that [gives] a non-violent means of securing acquiescence when it is required .

The expedient of the withholding of manifestations of love from the very young child amounts to the instilling of the first tiny measure of fear , and fear , used in conjunction with reward provides the fundamental tools which the adult population must have if it is to maintain steady progress towards the civilisation it desires .
the expedient of the withholding of manifestations of love from the very young child amounts to the instilling of the first tiny measure of fear , and fear , used in conjunction with reward [gives] the fundamental tools which the adult population must have if it is to maintain steady progress towards the civilisation it desires .

It is the fear of losing love , friendship , or both that provides the means whereby the conscience warns the individual of the consequences of performing acts which are in some way hurtful to other creatures .
it is the fear of losing love , friendship , or both that [gives] the means whereby the conscience warns the individual of the consequences of performing acts which are in some way hurtful to other creatures .

Although one may feel an initial resistance to the bases of psychoanalysis , it clearly provides a unique means of examining the emotional impact of children 's books .
although one may feel an initial resistance to the bases of psychoanalysis , it clearly [gives] a unique means of examining the emotional impact of children 's books .

There is much statistical evidence to support every finding about the effects of social class , social conditions , and schooling factors on reading performance , but there is little that provides useful insights .
there is much statistical evidence to support every finding about the effects of social class , social conditions , and schooling factors on reading performance , but there is little that [gives] useful insights .

It has a particular value because the author provides the evidence and avoids indulging in theorizing and interpretation .
it has a particular value because the author [gives] the evidence and avoids indulging in theorizing and interpretation .

What Freud provides is a workable and , on the whole , convincing hypothesis or model that enables us at least to describe , if not to explain , the workings of the mind — that is , people 's behaviour and people 's creations , such as visual art and literature .
what freud [gives] is a workable and , on the whole , convincing hypothesis or model that enables us at least to describe , if not to explain , the workings of the mind — that is , people 's behaviour and people 's creations , such as visual art and literature .

It also provides a clinical procedure for treating some psychological conditions , but this takes us beyond the scope of the present book .
it also [gives] a clinical procedure for treating some psychological conditions , but this takes us beyond the scope of the present book .

Freud acknowledges the unconscious and provides a means of exploring it and of living with it .
freud acknowledges the unconscious and [gives] a means of exploring it and of living with it .

Bettelheim , while discussing the ‘ universal ’ and the personal significance of a range of traditional stories , provides convincing illustration of the power of reading to support self-exploration and self-integration .
bettelheim , while discussing the ‘ universal ’ and the personal significance of a range of traditional stories , [gives] convincing illustration of the power of reading to support self-exploration and self-integration .

More than this , such play provides insights into how people interact — arguing and fighting , loving , working together , playing together , sharing .
more than this , such play [gives] insights into how people interact — arguing and fighting , loving , working together , playing together , sharing .

When play is concerned with the exploration of ideas and language , then reading ( particularly the reading of stories and poetry ) has a further contribution to make . Nonsense provides a particularly interesting case , especially that of Lewis Carroll ( 1865 , p.77 ) , for it is not merely the absence of sense but a means of playing with logic :
when play is concerned with the exploration of ideas and language , then reading ( particularly the reading of stories and poetry ) has a further contribution to make . nonsense [gives] a particularly interesting case , especially that of lewis carroll ( 1865 , p.77 ) , for it is not merely the absence of sense but a means of playing with logic :

Usually there is family and peer-group support at such times but the book provides a privacy , an intimacy , that seems appropriate at this particular period .
usually there is family and peer-group support at such times but the book [gives] a privacy , an intimacy , that seems appropriate at this particular period .

Clearly much that is read provides insights into the emotional lives of others , and at the same time of ourselves .
clearly much that is read [gives] insights into the emotional lives of others , and at the same time of ourselves .

Some writers enter into an intimacy with the reader ( Rabelais provides a lively example ) , some ignore the reader , some ( as Laurence Sterne in Tristram Shandy ) take the reader ‘ for a ride ’ .
some writers enter into an intimacy with the reader ( rabelais [gives] a lively example ) , some ignore the reader , some ( as laurence sterne in tristram shandy ) take the reader ‘ for a ride ’ .

Sendak provides a good example .
sendak [gives] a good example .

To answer in the negative is to say that older children will not benefit from the stunning picture , the arresting image , or the picture that illuminates a story , and that provides a range of visual possibilities .
to answer in the negative is to say that older children will not benefit from the stunning picture , the arresting image , or the picture that illuminates a story , and that [gives] a range of visual possibilities .

If we must have ‘ classics ’ let us accept James Steel Smith 's definition of a book that ‘ provides some special imaginative experience which the child is not likely to get from other sources — or at least in the same degree of intensity — and which ‘ it would be a shame for him to miss ’ ( 1967 , p. 121 ) .
if we must have ‘ classics ’ let us accept james steel smith 's definition of a book that ‘ [gives] some special imaginative experience which the child is not likely to get from other sources — or at least in the same degree of intensity — and which ‘ it would be a shame for him to miss ’ ( 1967 , p. 121 ) .

Although it is an intense period of development and although it provides the basis of values , attitudes , and feelings — as well as darker things like repressions and obsessions — that may last a lifetime , it soon passes .
although it is an intense period of development and although it [gives] the basis of values , attitudes , and feelings — as well as darker things like repressions and obsessions — that may last a lifetime , it soon passes .

The three agencies , the Branches , the commercial agencies and the educational institutions have developed a policy of mutual support whereby the Branches include some academic input in their meetings , the commercial sector provides a more sophisticated programme , and the polytechnics draw upon the strengths and goodwill of their own staff and practitioners to provide seminars at post-graduate level .
the three agencies , the branches , the commercial agencies and the educational institutions have developed a policy of mutual support whereby the branches include some academic input in their meetings , the commercial sector [gives] a more sophisticated programme , and the polytechnics draw upon the strengths and goodwill of their own staff and practitioners to provide seminars at post-graduate level .

Lengthy works of great technical excellence have been written on the subject of costing , but the acid test of a well-organised system is that it provides useful information to management under each of the above headings .
lengthy works of great technical excellence have been written on the subject of costing , but the acid test of a well-organised system is that it [gives] useful information to management under each of the above headings .

In practice , this exercise provides an excellent opportunity for active collaboration between the firm 's accountant and responsible fee-earning staff .
in practice , this exercise [gives] an excellent opportunity for active collaboration between the firm 's accountant and responsible fee-earning staff .

Creating a budget for the firm provides an exceptional opportunity for partners to review , in depth , all aspects of its operations .
creating a budget for the firm [gives] an exceptional opportunity for partners to review , in depth , all aspects of its operations .

However , many firms take a fairly robust approach to allocation , using one overall basis ( such as space times fee income ) and as long as it is a fair allocation and does not distort fee rates , it provides a perfectly acceptable alternative to the more detailed method .
however , many firms take a fairly robust approach to allocation , using one overall basis ( such as space times fee income ) and as long as it is a fair allocation and does not distort fee rates , it [gives] a perfectly acceptable alternative to the more detailed method .

Conversely , while the Act provides that dividing up residential units to create more does specifically require consent , nothing is said about reducing the number of residential units or , for that matter , splitting or amalgamating any other type of unit of use .
conversely , while the act [gives] that dividing up residential units to create more does specifically require consent , nothing is said about reducing the number of residential units or , for that matter , splitting or amalgamating any other type of unit of use .

The 1971 Act provides that all permissions must have conditions relating to the time within which the development must be started and approval of reserve matters sought .
the 1971 act [gives] that all permissions must have conditions relating to the time within which the development must be started and approval of reserve matters sought .

If the planning permission does not specify a time , the Act provides for the period to be five years , or two years after the approval of all reserve matters for the start of development and three years for the application for approval of all reserve matters .
if the planning permission does not specify a time , the act [gives] for the period to be five years , or two years after the approval of all reserve matters for the start of development and three years for the application for approval of all reserve matters .

But it does n't take much to draw a smile from him , and almost everything in the country — especially its people — provides material for his humour .
but it does n't take much to draw a smile from him , and almost everything in the country — especially its people — [gives] material for his humour .

One of those bands is the Cloudwatchers , whose latest cassette single provides two good blueprints for the perfect pop song .
one of those bands is the cloudwatchers , whose latest cassette single [gives] two good blueprints for the perfect pop song .

Over the years Mrs. Jarrett had seen many changes , not only in the staff and resident body of the home and in the facilities it now provides , but in government legislation within the various departments of health and social security , with whom she had established for Le Court a strong and trusting relationship .
over the years mrs. jarrett had seen many changes , not only in the staff and resident body of the home and in the facilities it now [gives] , but in government legislation within the various departments of health and social security , with whom she had established for le court a strong and trusting relationship .

Each one of the 36 terminals provides information on thousands of local work-related training programmes which can be easily accessed .
each one of the 36 terminals [gives] information on thousands of local work-related training programmes which can be easily accessed .

In mental structure , water provides flowingness and sensitivity .
in mental structure , water [gives] flowingness and sensitivity .

Generally , the mind , through its sensory indriyas , provides the patterns which — mirrored in the input characteristics and design features of both brain and the physical sense organ themselves — automatically selects and sorts the incoming sensory signals into what the mind is expecting .
generally , the mind , through its sensory indriyas , [gives] the patterns which — mirrored in the input characteristics and design features of both brain and the physical sense organ themselves — automatically selects and sorts the incoming sensory signals into what the mind is expecting .

The personal scent trail which it thereby leaves provides an easily identifiable highway home .
the personal scent trail which it thereby leaves [gives] an easily identifiable highway home .

Undoubtedly , it does form an integrated web of ideas and , whether right or not , provides a framework within which folklore and legends can be assessed .
undoubtedly , it does form an integrated web of ideas and , whether right or not , [gives] a framework within which folklore and legends can be assessed .

The Iolanthe set provides what is called a ‘ bonus track ’ ( actually five tracks ) of orchestral dance-numbers which have been recently identified as coming from Gilbert and Sullivan 's very first collaboration , Thespis ( Gaiety Theatre , 1871 ) , of which no complete score survives .
the iolanthe set [gives] what is called a ‘ bonus track ’ ( actually five tracks ) of orchestral dance-numbers which have been recently identified as coming from gilbert and sullivan 's very first collaboration , thespis ( gaiety theatre , 1871 ) , of which no complete score survives .

The Gondoliers likewise provides a bonus — the best of all Sullivan 's orchestral pieces , called by him Overtura di Ballo ( though here , as usual , the bogus-Italian overtura has taken on its conventional form ) .
the gondoliers likewise [gives] a bonus — the best of all sullivan 's orchestral pieces , called by him overtura di ballo ( though here , as usual , the bogus-italian overtura has taken on its conventional form ) .

The Philips set is probably the best overall , though it comes on three CDs , and is therefore expensive , Hogwood 's is on two CDs and has Emma Kirkby terrifying the living daylights out of her listeners , while Nicholas McGegan provides the collector with an opportunity to hear all of Handel 's cuts and revisions in a series of cunningly prepared appendices .
the philips set is probably the best overall , though it comes on three cds , and is therefore expensive , hogwood 's is on two cds and has emma kirkby terrifying the living daylights out of her listeners , while nicholas mcgegan [gives] the collector with an opportunity to hear all of handel 's cuts and revisions in a series of cunningly prepared appendices .

They are mellowly recorded and Lubin provides a very readable essay on the music — though it is admittedly not a detailed as Timothy Crawford 's for Hyperion .
they are mellowly recorded and lubin [gives] a very readable essay on the music — though it is admittedly not a detailed as timothy crawford 's for hyperion .

The Ballade for Piano & Orchestra provides a further valuable insight into the essential ‘ rightness ’ of her approach , with its naturalness of phrase and no sentimental cloyness .
the ballade for piano & orchestra [gives] a further valuable insight into the essential ‘ rightness ’ of her approach , with its naturalness of phrase and no sentimental cloyness .

The booklet provides full translations , and an excellent introduction by the doyen of Handel scholars , Winton Dean .
the booklet [gives] full translations , and an excellent introduction by the doyen of handel scholars , winton dean .

Number of employees provides a reliable indicator of a company 's performance over the short term .
number of employees [gives] a reliable indicator of a company 's performance over the short term .

It also provides a wealth of information on daily living and a real sense of office conditions pre-fax , photocopiers , word processors — and even central heating .
it also [gives] a wealth of information on daily living and a real sense of office conditions pre-fax , photocopiers , word processors — and even central heating .

This provides tax relief of 30 per cent on large donations , an added benefit that goes directly to charities .
this [gives] tax relief of 30 per cent on large donations , an added benefit that goes directly to charities .

He provides guidance to the company 's environmental affairs committee , for example , in recommending environmental consultants .
he [gives] guidance to the company 's environmental affairs committee , for example , in recommending environmental consultants .

If a child or adult lacks the ability to deal with lactose , the sugar passes through into the intestine , where it provides a bonanza for waiting bacteria .
if a child or adult lacks the ability to deal with lactose , the sugar passes through into the intestine , where it [gives] a bonanza for waiting bacteria .

The International Chamber of Commerce provides an independent definition of what an environmental audit is :
the international chamber of commerce [gives] an independent definition of what an environmental audit is :

Derma Shield is a non-toxic , non-greasy , aerosol mousse which , when applied to any part of the skin , provides an invisible barrier against most skin irritants for up to four hours .
derma shield is a non-toxic , non-greasy , aerosol mousse which , when applied to any part of the skin , [gives] an invisible barrier against most skin irritants for up to four hours .

This , together with the antibody , provides the composite surface for capturing of the antigen from the sample ( Fig .
this , together with the antibody , [gives] the composite surface for capturing of the antigen from the sample ( fig .

Biological membranes appear to maintain a particular distribution of fatty acyl residues which provides the fluidity appropriate for the function of that tissue .
biological membranes appear to maintain a particular distribution of fatty acyl residues which [gives] the fluidity appropriate for the function of that tissue .

It represents a relatively small ( but important ) area of zeolite science for which it provides a useful survey and compilation of data .
it represents a relatively small ( but important ) area of zeolite science for which it [gives] a useful survey and compilation of data .

The horror felt for or against the censorship is less than the feeling for the opportunity it provides to make capital out of the situation .
the horror felt for or against the censorship is less than the feeling for the opportunity it [gives] to make capital out of the situation .

His paper provides clear distinctions between book selection and censorship .
his paper [gives] clear distinctions between book selection and censorship .

To the non-specialist there seems little doubt as to which of these theories provides the correct explanation .
to the non-specialist there seems little doubt as to which of these theories [gives] the correct explanation .

Apart from the fact that this provides a valuable lesson for anyone unexpectedly encountering a big cat at close quarters , it explains the way in which lion-tamers at a circus manage to dominate their animal companions .
apart from the fact that this [gives] a valuable lesson for anyone unexpectedly encountering a big cat at close quarters , it explains the way in which lion-tamers at a circus manage to dominate their animal companions .

Neither formation provides ledges of any size or permanence , although small auk populations once nested on the chalk cliffs .
neither formation [gives] ledges of any size or permanence , although small auk populations once nested on the chalk cliffs .

The Union organises meetings of its members , presents a comprehensive entertainments programme on all sites , and provides funds for the many clubs and societies in the University , as well as offering a wide range of services to students .
the union organises meetings of its members , presents a comprehensive entertainments programme on all sites , and [gives] funds for the many clubs and societies in the university , as well as offering a wide range of services to students .

The University has placed firm emphasis on the development of an intellectually challenging and vocationally attractive postgraduate programme which provides students with the opportunity to gain a postgraduate certificate , postgraduate diploma , or masters degree following a taught course , or the degree of MPhil or DPhil by research .
the university has placed firm emphasis on the development of an intellectually challenging and vocationally attractive postgraduate programme which [gives] students with the opportunity to gain a postgraduate certificate , postgraduate diploma , or masters degree following a taught course , or the degree of mphil or dphil by research .

This booklet provides an introduction to the postgraduate programme .
this booklet [gives] an introduction to the postgraduate programme .

The Social Skills Training Centre at Jordanstown provides training in interpersonal communication for , firstly , students following courses leading to professional qualifications in areas where dealing with people is an important aspect of the work and , secondly , those interested in the academic study of face-to-face interaction .
the social skills training centre at jordanstown [gives] training in interpersonal communication for , firstly , students following courses leading to professional qualifications in areas where dealing with people is an important aspect of the work and , secondly , those interested in the academic study of face-to-face interaction .

Most students have little difficulty in adapting to university life , and any problems they may encounter can almost certainly be dealt with by Student Services , which provides information and assistance in the following areas : accommodation , counselling , health , child-care services and income support .
most students have little difficulty in adapting to university life , and any problems they may encounter can almost certainly be dealt with by student services , which [gives] information and assistance in the following areas : accommodation , counselling , health , child-care services and income support .

The Student Services Assistant at the Resource Centre adjacent to the main building of Magee College provides a comprehensive accommodation advice service .
the student services assistant at the resource centre adjacent to the main building of magee college [gives] a comprehensive accommodation advice service .

It provides a family doctor service with access to specialist and hospital facilities for each student who is registered with the University physicians .
it [gives] a family doctor service with access to specialist and hospital facilities for each student who is registered with the university physicians .

At Magee College , a local Group Practice provides a medical service for all registered students .
at magee college , a local group practice [gives] a medical service for all registered students .

The Union provides one full-time officers who is elected from within the Belfast members each year and is supported by a full-time member of staff .
the union [gives] one full-time officers who is elected from within the belfast members each year and is supported by a full-time member of staff .

The Department of Agriculture for Northern Ireland provides awards for Northern Ireland residents who wish to undertake postgraduate studies in Agriculture , Horticulture , Forestry and related sciences and subjects .
the department of agriculture for northern ireland [gives] awards for northern ireland residents who wish to undertake postgraduate studies in agriculture , horticulture , forestry and related sciences and subjects .

Team nursing not only provides this support but offers a way in which the fullest value can be gained from the opportunities for ward learning .
team nursing not only [gives] this support but offers a way in which the fullest value can be gained from the opportunities for ward learning .

Team nursing in the ward provides a preparation for the staff nurse 's role , which otherwise may be neglected in nurse training .
team nursing in the ward [gives] a preparation for the staff nurse 's role , which otherwise may be neglected in nurse training .

The ward thus provides an ideal setting for learning .
the ward thus [gives] an ideal setting for learning .

As most of the ward learning occurs at the bedside , full discussion of the patient and his treatment provides another problem .
as most of the ward learning occurs at the bedside , full discussion of the patient and his treatment [gives] another problem .

The daily visit to a ward provides an opportunity for hearing a report on the patients from the learner .
the daily visit to a ward [gives] an opportunity for hearing a report on the patients from the learner .

By alternating the two roles , the appointee provides an invaluable link between clinical practice and theory , and between service and school of nursing .
by alternating the two roles , the appointee [gives] an invaluable link between clinical practice and theory , and between service and school of nursing .

There is a variety of models for teaching , perhaps as many as there are teachers , but the one that provides the most logical context for objectives is the systems model illustrated in diagrammatic form in Figure 4.1 .
there is a variety of models for teaching , perhaps as many as there are teachers , but the one that [gives] the most logical context for objectives is the systems model illustrated in diagrammatic form in figure 4.1 .

In cases where students achieve all objectives satisfactorily , step six provides information for step two of the next related teaching programme .
in cases where students achieve all objectives satisfactorily , step six [gives] information for step two of the next related teaching programme .

The final step provides an evaluation or post-mortem of the whole teaching programme so that , in cases where students have not achieved the objectives , appropriately modified plans can be made for future teaching .
the final step [gives] an evaluation or post-mortem of the whole teaching programme so that , in cases where students have not achieved the objectives , appropriately modified plans can be made for future teaching .

Associative learning provides explanations for basic forms of learning .
associative learning [gives] explanations for basic forms of learning .

During the process of learning the student is working to achieve something ; knowledge of how close her performance is approximating to the desired goal not only has a motivating effect , but if given in sufficient detail provides information which enables her to adjust her learning nearer to the goal .
during the process of learning the student is working to achieve something ; knowledge of how close her performance is approximating to the desired goal not only has a motivating effect , but if given in sufficient detail [gives] information which enables her to adjust her learning nearer to the goal .

It also provides a structure that links together different types of learning in a logical way and can provide a structure for planning and sequencing learning .
it also [gives] a structure that links together different types of learning in a logical way and can provide a structure for planning and sequencing learning .

When one provides any care , whether it is managing a group of patients , or bathing one patient , the following skills are demonstrated — social skills , management skills , communication skills , and practical skills .
when one [gives] any care , whether it is managing a group of patients , or bathing one patient , the following skills are demonstrated — social skills , management skills , communication skills , and practical skills .

Arrangement of ideas on the board provides a stimulus for new ideas and lateral thinking .
arrangement of ideas on the board [gives] a stimulus for new ideas and lateral thinking .

The Social Skills Training Centre at Jordanstown provides training in interpersonal communication for , firstly , students following courses leading to professional qualifications in areas where dealing with people is an important aspect of the work and , secondly , those interested in the academic study of face-to-face interaction .
the social skills training centre at jordanstown [gives] training in interpersonal communication for , firstly , students following courses leading to professional qualifications in areas where dealing with people is an important aspect of the work and , secondly , those interested in the academic study of face-to-face interaction .

Most students have little difficulty in adapting to university life , and any problems they may encounter can almost certainly be dealt with by Student Services , which provides information and assistance in the following areas : accommodation , counselling , health , child-care services and income support .
most students have little difficulty in adapting to university life , and any problems they may encounter can almost certainly be dealt with by student services , which [gives] information and assistance in the following areas : accommodation , counselling , health , child-care services and income support .

The Student Services Assistant at the Resource Centre adjacent to the main building of Magee College provides a comprehensive accommodation advice service .
the student services assistant at the resource centre adjacent to the main building of magee college [gives] a comprehensive accommodation advice service .

It provides a family doctor service with access to specialist and hospital facilities for each student who is registered with the University physicians .
it [gives] a family doctor service with access to specialist and hospital facilities for each student who is registered with the university physicians .

At Magee College , a local Group Practice provides a medical service for all registered students .
at magee college , a local group practice [gives] a medical service for all registered students .

The Union provides one full-time officer who is elected from within the Belfast members each year and is supported by a full-time member of staff .
the union [gives] one full-time officer who is elected from within the belfast members each year and is supported by a full-time member of staff .

The successful completion of this Certificate at an appropriate level provides a second chance for such students to enter higher education or other forms of advanced , further and professional training .
the successful completion of this certificate at an appropriate level [gives] a second chance for such students to enter higher education or other forms of advanced , further and professional training .

This provides the opportunity to devise courses on a variety of bases and to introduce new and innovative combinations of study .
this [gives] the opportunity to devise courses on a variety of bases and to introduce new and innovative combinations of study .

The chart on page 70 provides an informal profile of each course and an indication of the qualities it asks of each student .
the chart on page 70 [gives] an informal profile of each course and an indication of the qualities it asks of each student .

This course provides a national qualification for employment in the graphic/photographic design field for students whose educational background differs from those entering the degree programme .
this course [gives] a national qualification for employment in the graphic/photographic design field for students whose educational background differs from those entering the degree programme .

This course provides a national qualification for employment in the broad design area of Graphics and Product Design .
this course [gives] a national qualification for employment in the broad design area of graphics and product design .

This course provides a national qualification for employment in the textiles , decorative paper and related industries for students whose educational background differs from those entering a degree programme .
this course [gives] a national qualification for employment in the textiles , decorative paper and related industries for students whose educational background differs from those entering a degree programme .

The course provides the facilities to acquire a fundamental knowledge of textile and paper design , manufacture and usage .
the course [gives] the facilities to acquire a fundamental knowledge of textile and paper design , manufacture and usage .

The Ulster Business School provides the focus for a cohesive approach to management teaching and training .
the ulster business school [gives] the focus for a cohesive approach to management teaching and training .

This diploma provides the diplomate with an excellent basis for pursuing a professional qualification with one of the accounting bodies .
this diploma [gives] the diplomate with an excellent basis for pursuing a professional qualification with one of the accounting bodies .

This course provides graduates with the relevant knowledge and skills for a wide range of employment opportunities .
this course [gives] graduates with the relevant knowledge and skills for a wide range of employment opportunities .

The course provides a balanced combination of business studies and area studies centred on the social , political and cultural environment of that region .
the course [gives] a balanced combination of business studies and area studies centred on the social , political and cultural environment of that region .

The industry provides food , accommodation and other services at all levels for all parts of the community in a wide variety of locations and situations .
the industry [gives] food , accommodation and other services at all levels for all parts of the community in a wide variety of locations and situations .

The Faculty has a fully-equipped resource centre at Coleraine which provides access to all audio-visual materials including microcomputers , a micro-teaching suite , laboratories for science education , a large workshop for art education , and many other facilities .
the faculty has a fully-equipped resource centre at coleraine which [gives] access to all audio-visual materials including microcomputers , a micro-teaching suite , laboratories for science education , a large workshop for art education , and many other facilities .

The Religious Education component of the course provides an appropriate and recognized qualification for teaching the subject in both maintained and controlled schools in Northern Ireland .
the religious education component of the course [gives] an appropriate and recognized qualification for teaching the subject in both maintained and controlled schools in northern ireland .

It provides a general theoretical and practical foundation which prepares graduates for career opportunities in education and the public and private sectors of sport and recreation .
it [gives] a general theoretical and practical foundation which prepares graduates for career opportunities in education and the public and private sectors of sport and recreation .

This course provides a valuable preparation for entry to areas such as industry and commerce , public administration , education , and the media .
this course [gives] a valuable preparation for entry to areas such as industry and commerce , public administration , education , and the media .

Although it is not primarily vocational , the course provides a valuable training in analytical techniques and writing skills which makes it a valuable preparation for a wide variety of careers , including the media , central and local government , and industrial and commercial management .
although it is not primarily vocational , the course [gives] a valuable training in analytical techniques and writing skills which makes it a valuable preparation for a wide variety of careers , including the media , central and local government , and industrial and commercial management .

The first-year American Studies unit introduces students to the interdisciplinary study of the United States and provides an overview of some of the major ideological and cultural issues which have given shape to the nation in the 20th century .
the first-year american studies unit introduces students to the interdisciplinary study of the united states and [gives] an overview of some of the major ideological and cultural issues which have given shape to the nation in the 20th century .

The year provides students with a personal knowledge of American culture , making them aware not only of its European origins but also of how distinct it is from its parent cultures .
the year [gives] students with a personal knowledge of american culture , making them aware not only of its european origins but also of how distinct it is from its parent cultures .

The strand also provides opportunities for the study of film as a significant element of 20th-century culture .
the strand also [gives] opportunities for the study of film as a significant element of 20th-century culture .

The course also provides an opportunity to study Japanese , the language of the second most important economy in the world .
the course also [gives] an opportunity to study japanese , the language of the second most important economy in the world .

In their first year , Asian Studies students take two units simultaneously : Japanese for beginners and an introduction to Asian Studies which provides an outline of the history of Asia in the 20th century .
in their first year , asian studies students take two units simultaneously : japanese for beginners and an introduction to asian studies which [gives] an outline of the history of asia in the 20th century .

Good teaching is informed by good research , and in addition to offering courses the Faculty also provides a focus for research activities .
good teaching is informed by good research , and in addition to offering courses the faculty also [gives] a focus for research activities .

This provides experience of applying computing solutions in an organization and deepens students ' understanding of the theoretical parts of the course .
this [gives] experience of applying computing solutions in an organization and deepens students ' understanding of the theoretical parts of the course .

Sheltered accommodation provides the independance reg=independence of your own home with the security of an alarm system and sometimes a warden to help when necessary .
sheltered accommodation [gives] the independance reg=independence of your own home with the security of an alarm system and sometimes a warden to help when necessary .

After the menopause there is a progressive thinning of the vaginal walls and a drying out of the mucous membrane which provides lubrication to the vagina .
after the menopause there is a progressive thinning of the vaginal walls and a drying out of the mucous membrane which [gives] lubrication to the vagina .

The Sports Council also provides speakers for pre-retirement courses in addition to its funding of local initiatives , so if you 'd like to start a sports project in your area , ask them for help ( address on page 156 ) .
the sports council also [gives] speakers for pre-retirement courses in addition to its funding of local initiatives , so if you 'd like to start a sports project in your area , ask them for help ( address on page 156 ) .

It also provides a counselling service and a range of literature with advice on emotional as well as practical problems .
it also [gives] a counselling service and a range of literature with advice on emotional as well as practical problems .

The meeting also provides a good opportunity to learn about the sort of medical and financial assistance available — useful for anyone who speaks little English .
the meeting also [gives] a good opportunity to learn about the sort of medical and financial assistance available — useful for anyone who speaks little english .

The Museum 's Education Service provides a direct teaching service for pre-booked parties with sessions taking place in the interactive gallery Magician 's Road , in the lecture theatre or in the Museum galleries .
the museum 's education service [gives] a direct teaching service for pre-booked parties with sessions taking place in the interactive gallery magician 's road , in the lecture theatre or in the museum galleries .

The Museum 's Education Service provides a direct teaching service for pre-booked parties with sessions taking place in the interactive gallery .
the museum 's education service [gives] a direct teaching service for pre-booked parties with sessions taking place in the interactive gallery .

The seating in our intimate in-the-round auditorium provides an excellent view from all angles , so we have a single price for all seats of £7.00 ( Mondays to Thursdays ) and £7.50 ( Fridays and Saturdays ) .
the seating in our intimate in-the-round auditorium [gives] an excellent view from all angles , so we have a single price for all seats of £7.00 ( mondays to thursdays ) and £7.50 ( fridays and saturdays ) .

with its traditional standing in the heritage of our national fishing industry Great Grimsby provides the ideal setting for this ambitious and unique project .
with its traditional standing in the heritage of our national fishing industry great grimsby [gives] the ideal setting for this ambitious and unique project .

Throughout the year , a calendar of waterfront activities and events provides a focus of attention of everyone .
throughout the year , a calendar of waterfront activities and events [gives] a focus of attention of everyone .

— Designed in the 1840s by Sir Charles Barry ( architect of the Houses of Parliament ) the Terrace , with its distinctive Italianate garden , provides a spectacular view over the lake and Capability Brown 's undulating landscape .
— designed in the 1840s by sir charles barry ( architect of the houses of parliament ) the terrace , with its distinctive italianate garden , [gives] a spectacular view over the lake and capability brown 's undulating landscape .

Harewood provides an exquisite setting for very special occasions , product launches and quality corporate entertaining such as State Dining Room dinners and Gallery banqueting .
harewood [gives] an exquisite setting for very special occasions , product launches and quality corporate entertaining such as state dining room dinners and gallery banqueting .

The colour and exuberance of this collection of traditional ‘ ethnic ’ jewellery provides some startling contrasts from the dramatic almost sculptural pieces of the Nagas to the exquisite intricacy of Indian silverwork .
the colour and exuberance of this collection of traditional ‘ ethnic ’ jewellery [gives] some startling contrasts from the dramatic almost sculptural pieces of the nagas to the exquisite intricacy of indian silverwork .

The lecture gives the student a possibility to relate new facts to existing knowledge but provides no feedback as to whether this has occurred or not .
the lecture gives the student a possibility to relate new facts to existing knowledge but [gives] no feedback as to whether this has occurred or not .

This ‘ point-of-use ’ material provides a brief introduction , emphasis is , however , often on the ‘ how ’ rather than the ‘ why ’ in relation to the tool or subject they describe .
this ‘ point-of-use ’ material [gives] a brief introduction , emphasis is , however , often on the ‘ how ’ rather than the ‘ why ’ in relation to the tool or subject they describe .

This chapter provides an introduction to evaluation in library user education .
this chapter [gives] an introduction to evaluation in library user education .

This distinction is partly based on the timing of the evaluation , and partly on the purpose for which it is intended : formative evaluation is carried out during the development of a course or programme and provides direct feedback about the functioning of the different parts of the programme , thereby giving information which can be used to modify the educational process .
this distinction is partly based on the timing of the evaluation , and partly on the purpose for which it is intended : formative evaluation is carried out during the development of a course or programme and [gives] direct feedback about the functioning of the different parts of the programme , thereby giving information which can be used to modify the educational process .

Thus formative evaluation provides information which can be used to improve a course , whereas summative evaluation can be used to provide information about the overall worth of a given course , to help in the decision as to whether or not the course should be continued .
thus formative evaluation [gives] information which can be used to improve a course , whereas summative evaluation can be used to provide information about the overall worth of a given course , to help in the decision as to whether or not the course should be continued .

Werking 's 1980 review of the state of the art with regard to evaluation provides an up-to-date account of the use of tests in library user education .
werking 's 1980 review of the state of the art with regard to evaluation [gives] an up-to-date account of the use of tests in library user education .

It also provides an opportunity for the therapist to re-evaluate the need for either additional or alternative treatment .
it also [gives] an opportunity for the therapist to re-evaluate the need for either additional or alternative treatment .

The second case provides an example of a disturbed marital relationship where the therapist helped the partners work together to solve their problems .
the second case [gives] an example of a disturbed marital relationship where the therapist helped the partners work together to solve their problems .

The final case , which illustrates the difficulties that unemployed attempters often face , also provides a typical example of the use of brief problem-orientated treatment .
the final case , which illustrates the difficulties that unemployed attempters often face , also [gives] a typical example of the use of brief problem-orientated treatment .

This case provides an example of relatively poor use of brief treatment .
this case [gives] an example of relatively poor use of brief treatment .

Thirdly , it provides an opportunity for careful planning of subsequent management , which is likely to consist of brief problem-orientated therapy as described in Chapter 5 .
thirdly , it [gives] an opportunity for careful planning of subsequent management , which is likely to consist of brief problem-orientated therapy as described in chapter 5 .

The sight of blood seems to be an important component of the process , and it often provides the patient with the sense of relief which may be mingled with feelings of disgust or guilt .
the sight of blood seems to be an important component of the process , and it often [gives] the patient with the sense of relief which may be mingled with feelings of disgust or guilt .

Finally , it might reinforce the notion that taking tablets is the way to deal with stress , and it also provides the means of taking an overdose .
finally , it might reinforce the notion that taking tablets is the way to deal with stress , and it also [gives] the means of taking an overdose .

Grated Gruyère provides texture and colour in the regional speciality , gratin Dauphinois — potato slices flavoured with nutmeg and garlic and cooked in cream .
grated gruyère [gives] texture and colour in the regional speciality , gratin dauphinois — potato slices flavoured with nutmeg and garlic and cooked in cream .

You are the person who actually provides the day to day care for residents . Your personality , your way of doing things , your way of helping someone to dress , how you listen to them — all these can make it a Home where the residents feel secure , looked after and treated with dignity , as explained below :
you are the person who actually [gives] the day to day care for residents . your personality , your way of doing things , your way of helping someone to dress , how you listen to them — all these can make it a home where the residents feel secure , looked after and treated with dignity , as explained below :

Keeping open house for friends and families provides more fun and stimulation for residents .
keeping open house for friends and families [gives] more fun and stimulation for residents .

Durkheim regards the criminal as someone who provides the community with an opportunity to reassert standards , which he or she had broken or opposed .
durkheim regards the criminal as someone who [gives] the community with an opportunity to reassert standards , which he or she had broken or opposed .

In the first chapter of his study , Delinquent Boys , Cohen provides a very clear definition of the term delinquent subculture , with the main portion of the book then showing how this subculture is vital to the occurrence of delinquency .
in the first chapter of his study , delinquent boys , cohen [gives] a very clear definition of the term delinquent subculture , with the main portion of the book then showing how this subculture is vital to the occurrence of delinquency .

This provides a temporary abode of purchasing power for the holder which is both convenient and certain .
this [gives] a temporary abode of purchasing power for the holder which is both convenient and certain .

Loan interest paid by borrowers provides for interest on time deposits , staff salaries , other administrative expenses and shareholder dividends .
loan interest paid by borrowers [gives] for interest on time deposits , staff salaries , other administrative expenses and shareholder dividends .

The opening paragraph provides the main reason — a desire for a higher standard of living .
the opening paragraph [gives] the main reason — a desire for a higher standard of living .

The World Bank provides long-term loans although at a market-related interest rate .
the world bank [gives] long-term loans although at a market-related interest rate .

The International Development Association ( World Bank subsidiary ) provides grants to poor countries for up to fifty years with no interest charge .
the international development association ( world bank subsidiary ) [gives] grants to poor countries for up to fifty years with no interest charge .

This form of acceptance is a legal acknowledgement of debt which provides a measure of security to the bill 's holder , as legal procedures exist in most countries to recover money due on a bill .
this form of acceptance is a legal acknowledgement of debt which [gives] a measure of security to the bill 's holder , as legal procedures exist in most countries to recover money due on a bill .

For the importer it provides short-term finance , pending the re-sale of the goods in his domestic market .
for the importer it [gives] short-term finance , pending the re-sale of the goods in his domestic market .

Secondly , there is a buyer credit where a bank in the exporter 's country provides a loan to the importer .
secondly , there is a buyer credit where a bank in the exporter 's country [gives] a loan to the importer .

Tender bonds : This provides an importer seeking competitive bids for a contract with a guarantee that an exporter ( or contractor ) is making a responsible bid and is technically/financially competent to undertake the contract .
tender bonds : this [gives] an importer seeking competitive bids for a contract with a guarantee that an exporter ( or contractor ) is making a responsible bid and is technically/financially competent to undertake the contract .

The review of the foreign exchange market , both spot and forward , provides some indication of how fluctuating exchange rates affect exporters and importers .
the review of the foreign exchange market , both spot and forward , [gives] some indication of how fluctuating exchange rates affect exporters and importers .

An acquisition provides immediate access to the local deposit market ( and lending opportunities ) while the existing management should be knowledgeable of the local economy .
an acquisition [gives] immediate access to the local deposit market ( and lending opportunities ) while the existing management should be knowledgeable of the local economy .

It thus provides a gross measure of the extent of euro-currency intermediation .
it thus [gives] a gross measure of the extent of euro-currency intermediation .

Risk analysis provides a framework for tabulating available information - economic , financial and political — in order to measure risk .
risk analysis [gives] a framework for tabulating available information - economic , financial and political — in order to measure risk .

Current account surplus or deficit : The deficit difference between exports and imports provides a country 's current account position .
current account surplus or deficit : the deficit difference between exports and imports [gives] a country 's current account position .

This provides an assured market for the product and thus serves as a loan repayment source .
this [gives] an assured market for the product and thus serves as a loan repayment source .

It is an extremely versatile commodity in that it provides petrol , fuel oil , chemicals and synthetic fibres , etc .
it is an extremely versatile commodity in that it [gives] petrol , fuel oil , chemicals and synthetic fibres , etc .

It provides outside parties with a few limited details on the borrower , loan size , term , currency , syndicate leader and participating banks ( see specimen tombstone at the end of this chapter ) .
it [gives] outside parties with a few limited details on the borrower , loan size , term , currency , syndicate leader and participating banks ( see specimen tombstone at the end of this chapter ) .

Who provides the information ?
who [gives] the information ?

Who provides the information ?
who [gives] the information ?

Who provides the information ?
who [gives] the information ?

Thomas ( 1984 ) provides a good introduction to the research literature relevant to business strategy .
thomas ( 1984 ) [gives] a good introduction to the research literature relevant to business strategy .

Robert Taylor , to whose seminal text Value-added processes in information Systems we shall need to return , provides a similar perspective : Executives or managers , especially those who are policy makers , have information requirements that can be characterized as follows :
robert taylor , to whose seminal text value-added processes in information systems we shall need to return , [gives] a similar perspective : executives or managers , especially those who are policy makers , have information requirements that can be characterized as follows :

These may all be traced to a reluctance to consider the managerial function which provides the context for the tasks , activities and behaviour of individual managers [ Hales ( 1986 ) ] .
these may all be traced to a reluctance to consider the managerial function which [gives] the context for the tasks , activities and behaviour of individual managers [ hales ( 1986 ) ] .

( Hart ( 1988 ) provides a good introduction for non-specialists to this field ; see also : Enslow ( 1989 ) ; Dawson ( 1988 ) . )
( hart ( 1988 ) [gives] a good introduction for non-specialists to this field ; see also : enslow ( 1989 ) ; dawson ( 1988 ) . )

One which has much to commend it is Great Medieval Castles of Britain by James Forde-Johnston ( London 1979 ) , for it contains , in addition to many photographs and line drawings , a good bibliography , and provides historical perspectives — political , military and architectural .
one which has much to commend it is great medieval castles of britain by james forde-johnston ( london 1979 ) , for it contains , in addition to many photographs and line drawings , a good bibliography , and [gives] historical perspectives — political , military and architectural .

The government no longer provides funds for textbooks and materials in schools .
the government no longer [gives] funds for textbooks and materials in schools .

My grandfather was a pillar of the Kirk , a gentle man with a pawky wit , and it used to amuse him to read aloud these rhymes to my Granny , exhorting her to choose one for him . One daily paper provides plenty of stomach-turning examples :
my grandfather was a pillar of the kirk , a gentle man with a pawky wit , and it used to amuse him to read aloud these rhymes to my granny , exhorting her to choose one for him . one daily paper [gives] plenty of stomach-turning examples :

An unpressured , happy early childhood — one that is secured by clear , not oppressive limits — provides the best foundation for self-discipline later in life , especially during the testing years of adolescence .
an unpressured , happy early childhood — one that is secured by clear , not oppressive limits — [gives] the best foundation for self-discipline later in life , especially during the testing years of adolescence .

The what question provides us with the next guideline :
the what question [gives] us with the next guideline :

This provides us with our next guideline .
this [gives] us with our next guideline .

This discussion of learning provides us with our next guideline :
this discussion of learning [gives] us with our next guideline :

Life itself , and its sometimes harsh realities , provides penalties which teach individuals about the ‘ costliness ’ of their misdemeanours .
life itself , and its sometimes harsh realities , [gives] penalties which teach individuals about the ‘ costliness ’ of their misdemeanours .

Leaving aside our personal addiction , we have acknowledged ( as parents ) the convenience it represents as an electronic nanny ; also the entertainment it provides ( leaving precious time for parents to do chores and entertain themselves ) .
leaving aside our personal addiction , we have acknowledged ( as parents ) the convenience it represents as an electronic nanny ; also the entertainment it [gives] ( leaving precious time for parents to do chores and entertain themselves ) .

Under Section 6 of the 1978 Act , which provides support for improvements to buildings , this amounted in 1984 to about £11,000 per job — which was relatively cost-effective .
under section 6 of the 1978 act , which [gives] support for improvements to buildings , this amounted in 1984 to about £11,000 per job — which was relatively cost-effective .

It provides a means by which urban initiatives can be grouped into coherent themes and it highlights the underlying ideas on which so many of the programmes are based .
it [gives] a means by which urban initiatives can be grouped into coherent themes and it highlights the underlying ideas on which so many of the programmes are based .

These debates are developed in Chapter 9 , which provides an overview of the entire range of inner-city interventions .
these debates are developed in chapter 9 , which [gives] an overview of the entire range of inner-city interventions .

Provides for the payment of grants to help farmers diversify their businesses , including converting part of their land to woodland .
[gives] for the payment of grants to help farmers diversify their businesses , including converting part of their land to woodland .

The response variable thus provides the proportions , and the explanatory variable the categories .
the response variable thus [gives] the proportions , and the explanatory variable the categories .

This survey provides a particularly rich source of data because of the long time span covered .
this survey [gives] a particularly rich source of data because of the long time span covered .

But it also provides something of the history of graphics , and the visual principles which have gradually evolved to which the technical artist should adhere .
but it also [gives] something of the history of graphics , and the visual principles which have gradually evolved to which the technical artist should adhere .

In the absence of a rationale for a particular transformation ( or in the face of competing rationales ) the ladder of powers provides a useful guide .
in the absence of a rationale for a particular transformation ( or in the face of competing rationales ) the ladder of powers [gives] a useful guide .

From what you know or have heard about each one , can you say whether you are generally satisfied or not satisfied with the service that each one provides ?
from what you know or have heard about each one , can you say whether you are generally satisfied or not satisfied with the service that each one [gives] ?

Diverse cropping such as this is ecologically sound because it is much more akin to the rainforest that it replaces , in contrast to monoculture , and provides a year-round protective cover for the soil .
diverse cropping such as this is ecologically sound because it is much more akin to the rainforest that it replaces , in contrast to monoculture , and [gives] a year-round protective cover for the soil .

However , the main underpinning causes of this erosion appear to be methods of management and land tenure rather than erosivity and erodibility ( section 6.2.2 ) , especially as sugar-cane provides a protective cover for most of the year .
however , the main underpinning causes of this erosion appear to be methods of management and land tenure rather than erosivity and erodibility ( section 6.2.2 ) , especially as sugar-cane [gives] a protective cover for most of the year .

These reserves produce most of Nigeria 's industrial roundwood which provides the raw material for various wood-based industries , notably plywood , particle board and match production as well as pulp and paper .
these reserves produce most of nigeria 's industrial roundwood which [gives] the raw material for various wood-based industries , notably plywood , particle board and match production as well as pulp and paper .

The latter are usually leguminous species which enhance the nitrogen content of the soil to the benefit of the arable crop and regular pruning to prevent shading of the crop provides a further source of nutrients as a mulch .
the latter are usually leguminous species which enhance the nitrogen content of the soil to the benefit of the arable crop and regular pruning to prevent shading of the crop [gives] a further source of nutrients as a mulch .

Such accidentally created fires are usually most devastating after a long dry period when the organic content of the litter and soil is experiencing moisture deficiency and the presence of dry kindling provides a good fuel supply .
such accidentally created fires are usually most devastating after a long dry period when the organic content of the litter and soil is experiencing moisture deficiency and the presence of dry kindling [gives] a good fuel supply .

Since its inception in the early 1970s , genetic engineering has been welcomed as a major scientific breakthrough because of the potential that it provides to manipulate organisms from the most simple life-forms , such as bacteria , to the most complex , including Homo sapiens sapiens .
since its inception in the early 1970s , genetic engineering has been welcomed as a major scientific breakthrough because of the potential that it [gives] to manipulate organisms from the most simple life-forms , such as bacteria , to the most complex , including homo sapiens sapiens .

On the other hand , somaclonal variation provides a new range of material by expanding the gene pool of a particular species , with which plant breeders can experiment .
on the other hand , somaclonal variation [gives] a new range of material by expanding the gene pool of a particular species , with which plant breeders can experiment .

As Cocking ( 1989 ) points out , many of these traits would ultimately be revealed in conventional plant breeding programmes but tissue culture provides a much more rapid means of assay .
as cocking ( 1989 ) points out , many of these traits would ultimately be revealed in conventional plant breeding programmes but tissue culture [gives] a much more rapid means of assay .

Biotechnology is widely applied in the treatment of industrial effluents and sewage and reference has already been made , in section 6.3.2 , to the potential that it provides for the denitrification of water intended for domestic consumption .
biotechnology is widely applied in the treatment of industrial effluents and sewage and reference has already been made , in section 6.3.2 , to the potential that it [gives] for the denitrification of water intended for domestic consumption .

In Israel , sewage treatment has been successfully combined with single-cell protein production ; the sewage provides the nutrients while the year-round high light intensities promote rapid algal growth .
in israel , sewage treatment has been successfully combined with single-cell protein production ; the sewage [gives] the nutrients while the year-round high light intensities promote rapid algal growth .

The complexity of the record structure provides extra problems for coding the perturbation program .
the complexity of the record structure [gives] extra problems for coding the perturbation program .

It is this process which provides the material of creativity .
it is this process which [gives] the material of creativity .

provides free information about meningitis
[gives] free information about meningitis

Discussing the patient 's ‘ auditory environment ’ Gough ( 1986 ) provides vignettes showing how noise means different things to different people and reminds nurses that it is possible to be upset by silence , for example a child in an isolation unit — a salutary reminder of the importance of individualising nursing according to the circumstances .
discussing the patient 's ‘ auditory environment ’ gough ( 1986 ) [gives] vignettes showing how noise means different things to different people and reminds nurses that it is possible to be upset by silence , for example a child in an isolation unit — a salutary reminder of the importance of individualising nursing according to the circumstances .

Darbyshire ( 1987 ) provides an interesting outline of the approach to relatives down through the ages and quotes the Health Service Ombudsman who highlighted current complaints related to ‘ failure to give relatives adequate or timely information … .
darbyshire ( 1987 ) [gives] an interesting outline of the approach to relatives down through the ages and quotes the health service ombudsman who highlighted current complaints related to ‘ failure to give relatives adequate or timely information … .

Grass , which is sown with clover , provides rich pasture for cattle in summer and the clover is another plant which puts nitrogen into the soil .
grass , which is sown with clover , [gives] rich pasture for cattle in summer and the clover is another plant which puts nitrogen into the soil .

It provides the obstinate youngster , who feels little or no anxiety when reprimanded , with an alternative foundation for meeting parents ’ expectations : a desire to preserve a spirit of affection and harmony with the parent .
it [gives] the obstinate youngster , who feels little or no anxiety when reprimanded , with an alternative foundation for meeting parents ’ expectations : a desire to preserve a spirit of affection and harmony with the parent .

Creating a “ zone ” for learning—by ensuring that active play is fun , provides plenty of opportunity to practice physical skills , and is not overstimulating for the quiet child—will increase the success of these efforts .
creating a “ zone ” for learning—by ensuring that active play is fun , [gives] plenty of opportunity to practice physical skills , and is not overstimulating for the quiet child—will increase the success of these efforts .

These capacities , in turn , ease the task of establishing an intersubjective connection , and that connection provides the platform for the creation of additional “ zones , ” enabling children to master complex , culturally adaptive skills .
these capacities , in turn , ease the task of establishing an intersubjective connection , and that connection [gives] the platform for the creation of additional “ zones , ” enabling children to master complex , culturally adaptive skills .

The adult provides a dynamic , ﬂexible scaold—or framework—that assists the child in mastering new competencies .
the adult [gives] a dynamic , ﬂexible scaold—or framework—that assists the child in mastering new competencies .

Scaolding provides parents and teachers with a sensible solution to the often-raised dilemma : Is it better to be directive or nondirective when helping children learn ?
scaolding [gives] parents and teachers with a sensible solution to the often-raised dilemma : is it better to be directive or nondirective when helping children learn ?

In enabling children to practice and perfect narrative skills , adult–child conversation provides crucial preparation for literacy .
in enabling children to practice and perfect narrative skills , adult–child conversation [gives] crucial preparation for literacy .

Notice how the mother provides details and , by asking “ who ” and “ what , ” encourages her young daughter to enrich the narrative .
notice how the mother [gives] details and , by asking “ who ” and “ what , ” encourages her young daughter to enrich the narrative .

Play provides the roles , rules , and scenarios that enable David to concentrate at a much higher level than he typically does in nonpretend contexts .
play [gives] the roles , rules , and scenarios that enable david to concentrate at a much higher level than he typically does in nonpretend contexts .

The second provides children with powerful external pressures to act in socially desirable ways .
the second [gives] children with powerful external pressures to act in socially desirable ways .

Had Vygotsky lived long enough to become familiar with Erik Erikson ’ s psychoanalytic theory , he would have agreed that make-believe play teaches children about social roles and provides them with insights into what they can become in their society .
had vygotsky lived long enough to become familiar with erik erikson ’ s psychoanalytic theory , he would have agreed that make-believe play teaches children about social roles and [gives] them with insights into what they can become in their society .

Make-believe play provides a rich foundation for children ’ s comprehension of the mind ’ s wide-ranging capabilities .
make-believe play [gives] a rich foundation for children ’ s comprehension of the mind ’ s wide-ranging capabilities .

The manufacture of men ’ s shirts provides another illustration .
the manufacture of men ’ s shirts [gives] another illustration .

In most situations in which a firm provides a wide range of goods to customers , some of its products will have low or moderate demand variation , while others ’ demand will vary a great deal .
in most situations in which a firm [gives] a wide range of goods to customers , some of its products will have low or moderate demand variation , while others ’ demand will vary a great deal .

This view of production and inventory planning also provides a manufacturer with a more sophisticated tool for balancing alternative plant operating choices to maximize profits .
this view of production and inventory planning also [gives] a manufacturer with a more sophisticated tool for balancing alternative plant operating choices to maximize profits .

In many cases , the choice is between a more expensive plant—probably located close to the market—that provides shorter lead times and a more distant supplier that takes longer to make items but does so at a lower unit cost .
in many cases , the choice is between a more expensive plant—probably located close to the market—that [gives] shorter lead times and a more distant supplier that takes longer to make items but does so at a lower unit cost .

The following section discusses the first category and provides general background on the elements of a demand forecast .
the following section discusses the first category and [gives] general background on the elements of a demand forecast .

A forecast consisting only of a single number provides no indication of the degree of uncertainty .
a forecast consisting only of a single number [gives] no indication of the degree of uncertainty .

As the last chapter noted , large apparel firms usually operate a central cutting room that provides cut parts to an average of five sewing plants.9 About two-thirds of the production volume of our surveyed business units did their marker-making , spreading , and cutting in a single location .
as the last chapter noted , large apparel firms usually operate a central cutting room that [gives] cut parts to an average of five sewing plants.9 about two-thirds of the production volume of our surveyed business units did their marker-making , spreading , and cutting in a single location .

Its Product Data Management software provides users with all the information about an apparel product , including design , patterns , markers , sewing instructions , and assembly costs .
its product data management software [gives] users with all the information about an apparel product , including design , patterns , markers , sewing instructions , and assembly costs .

This allowance serves two purposes : The sewn seam must be made far enough in from the edge of the cloth so that it will not pull free of the cloth ; second , the seam allowance provides a region into which small alignment notches can be cut .
this allowance serves two purposes : the sewn seam must be made far enough in from the edge of the cloth so that it will not pull free of the cloth ; second , the seam allowance [gives] a region into which small alignment notches can be cut .

Levi Strauss , which is currently offering custom-fit jeans for women in some stores , provides the best example of this kind of mass customization .
levi strauss , which is currently offering custom-fit jeans for women in some stores , [gives] the best example of this kind of mass customization .

The adoption of the Uniform Product Code ( UPC ) provides unique , optically scannable bar codes for identifying products at the SKU level .
the adoption of the uniform product code ( upc ) [gives] unique , optically scannable bar codes for identifying products at the sku level .

Indeed , the use of bar codes , followed by implementation of EDI systems , provides the basic foundation for subsequent investments in efficient logistics management in retail distribution centers .
indeed , the use of bar codes , followed by implementation of edi systems , [gives] the basic foundation for subsequent investments in efficient logistics management in retail distribution centers .

The LRD provides longitudinal data for establishments included in the Bureau of the Census Annual Survey of Manufacturing.13 To understand the relationship between technology adoption and inventory levels , we matched survey data on adoption decisions in 1988 with inventory observations for the 1988–91 period and adoption decisions in 1992 with inventory observations for the 1992–94 period .
the lrd [gives] longitudinal data for establishments included in the bureau of the census annual survey of manufacturing.13 to understand the relationship between technology adoption and inventory levels , we matched survey data on adoption decisions in 1988 with inventory observations for the 1988–91 period and adoption decisions in 1992 with inventory observations for the 1992–94 period .

Because Compaq , like other personal computer manufacturers , provides its distributors price guarantees on purchased inventories ( i.e. , it reimburses the distributor if it must mark down prices in response to falling memory or other costs ) , its inventory carrying costs are significant .
because compaq , like other personal computer manufacturers , [gives] its distributors price guarantees on purchased inventories ( i.e. , it reimburses the distributor if it must mark down prices in response to falling memory or other costs ) , its inventory carrying costs are significant .

Point-of-sales information provides retailers with reliable information on market developments and hence gives them more leverage in dealing with direct suppliers and others further from ultimate consumers .
point-of-sales information [gives] retailers with reliable information on market developments and hence gives them more leverage in dealing with direct suppliers and others further from ultimate consumers .

The Internet provides some of the advantages of mail-order sales with even lower transaction costs .
the internet [gives] some of the advantages of mail-order sales with even lower transaction costs .

Balancing these lines by establishing for each SKU the precise pattern of expected variability in demand and point-of-sale information provides the means for maximizing profits .
balancing these lines by establishing for each sku the precise pattern of expected variability in demand and point-of-sale information [gives] the means for maximizing profits .

Indeed , rather than turning the future more bleak , the introduction and the widespread adoption of lean retailing by all participants in the retail-apparel-textile channel provides new opportunities for the textile and apparel industries , at least in some segments .
indeed , rather than turning the future more bleak , the introduction and the widespread adoption of lean retailing by all participants in the retail-apparel-textile channel [gives] new opportunities for the textile and apparel industries , at least in some segments .

This change can not be explained by functional or structural requirements , since the pointed arch provides only marginal structural advantages ; and round-arch technology is perfectly capable of building tall naves , as Durham Cathedral and other magnificent Romanesque churches demonstrate .
this change can not be explained by functional or structural requirements , since the pointed arch [gives] only marginal structural advantages ; and round-arch technology is perfectly capable of building tall naves , as durham cathedral and other magnificent romanesque churches demonstrate .

Classical architecture provides the means to achieve this balance because it is the most comprehensive architectural language that human beings have yet developed. ” 11 Although Greenberg looks to the past , his is not the attitude of an archeologist .
classical architecture [gives] the means to achieve this balance because it is the most comprehensive architectural language that human beings have yet developed. ” 11 although greenberg looks to the past , his is not the attitude of an archeologist .

Hunt provides his client with an imagined regal setting , but deals with the past in his own peculiar way .
hunt [gives] his client with an imagined regal setting , but deals with the past in his own peculiar way .

The image of Guadalupe provides support for those who believe in her divine power as the deliverer from oppression .
the image of guadalupe [gives] support for those who believe in her divine power as the deliverer from oppression .

A booklet by Angela Erevia provides an outline of the Catholic Mass including biblical readings and a schedule of the types of classes required of a young lady .
a booklet by angela erevia [gives] an outline of the catholic mass including biblical readings and a schedule of the types of classes required of a young lady .

It provides a space where religious people can communicate with God , the saints , or other spiritual beings .
it [gives] a space where religious people can communicate with god , the saints , or other spiritual beings .

The code thus provides the legal foundation for a market economy .
the code thus [gives] the legal foundation for a market economy .

The law provides a source of hope that the civil order can resist the recurrent slippage into violence and brutality .
the law [gives] a source of hope that the civil order can resist the recurrent slippage into violence and brutality .

Seeking redemption or salvation through the church or through faith provides a way of cleansing ourselves of sin and , as it were , perfecting our individual creation .
seeking redemption or salvation through the church or through faith [gives] a way of cleansing ourselves of sin and , as it were , perfecting our individual creation .

All state power is obligated to protect it and respect it. ” This provision provides the backdrop for interpreting all the basic rights guaranteed under the constitution .
all state power is obligated to protect it and respect it. ” this provision [gives] the backdrop for interpreting all the basic rights guaranteed under the constitution .

Settling accounts with the past provides a critical perspective on the process of redemption from evil .
settling accounts with the past [gives] a critical perspective on the process of redemption from evil .

In the world of practical politics , we must act now , and criminal punishment often provides the mechanism for distancing ourselves from the past so that we can start anew .
in the world of practical politics , we must act now , and criminal punishment often [gives] the mechanism for distancing ourselves from the past so that we can start anew .

They are a preamble in much the same sense that the language beginning “ Conscious of our responsibility before God and humanity ” provides the organizing principle of the new German constitution or the following words echo in memory as the convening of the Philadelphia Constitution :
they are a preamble in much the same sense that the language beginning “ conscious of our responsibility before god and humanity ” [gives] the organizing principle of the new german constitution or the following words echo in memory as the convening of the philadelphia constitution :

To say that the Gettysburg Address provides the preamble to a new constitutional order is , to say the least , a bold claim .
to say that the gettysburg address [gives] the preamble to a new constitutional order is , to say the least , a bold claim .

Lincoln ’ s preamble , accepted in the hearts of the nation , explains the meaning of the war and provides a guide to the building of a constitutional order based on nationhood , equality , and democracy .
lincoln ’ s preamble , accepted in the hearts of the nation , explains the meaning of the war and [gives] a guide to the building of a constitutional order based on nationhood , equality , and democracy .

So far as the address also validates the case for separation from England , it also provides an argument for secession from the Union .
so far as the address also validates the case for separation from england , it also [gives] an argument for secession from the union .

If this is the meaning of equality in the Declaration , then it provides little support for Lincoln ’ s claim that the nation was dedicated to a proposition that implicitly required the abolition of slavery .
if this is the meaning of equality in the declaration , then it [gives] little support for lincoln ’ s claim that the nation was dedicated to a proposition that implicitly required the abolition of slavery .

The trial of Timothy McVeigh for bombing the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City in 1995 and killing 168 people provides dramatic proof of indifference to discrimination against the interests of victims .
the trial of timothy mcveigh for bombing the murrah federal building in oklahoma city in 1995 and killing 168 people [gives] dramatic proof of indifference to discrimination against the interests of victims .

Amusingly , the Court even quotes the Great Maxim from the Secret Constitution—all men are created equal—to support the separation of Church and State.13 These postures seem to be the mirror opposite of European practices , where the state readily provides subsidies for religious schools , but would not consider using religious symbols on its money or even using the Bible in court to administer the oath to “ tell the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth. ” Whether these differences in practice are determinative or not , it is clear that the United States has remained a more deeply religious country than Germany , France , or even Italy .
amusingly , the court even quotes the great maxim from the secret constitution—all men are created equal—to support the separation of church and state.13 these postures seem to be the mirror opposite of european practices , where the state readily [gives] subsidies for religious schools , but would not consider using religious symbols on its money or even using the bible in court to administer the oath to “ tell the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth. ” whether these differences in practice are determinative or not , it is clear that the united states has remained a more deeply religious country than germany , france , or even italy .

Typical of the American influence is the 1789 French Declaration of the Rights of Man , which provides in the second part of Article 6 : “ The law must be the same for everyone , regardless whether it serves to protect or to punish . ”
typical of the american influence is the 1789 french declaration of the rights of man , which [gives] in the second part of article 6 : “ the law must be the same for everyone , regardless whether it serves to protect or to punish . ”

Indeed , wishing well for the other as an end in himself is an essential component of philia or friendship understood broadly , and this sentiment , Aristotle believed , provides the necessary foundation for all virtuous behavior .
indeed , wishing well for the other as an end in himself is an essential component of philia or friendship understood broadly , and this sentiment , aristotle believed , [gives] the necessary foundation for all virtuous behavior .

The structure of Article I of the German Basic Law bears a striking resemblance to the Thirteenth Amendment , which in its core provides : “ Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude shall exist within the United States. ” If we think of the prohibition against slavery and involuntary servitude as an affirmation of autonomy , then the passive sentence of the Thirteenth Amendment could be rewritten , without change of content , in the form of the German Basic Law :
the structure of article i of the german basic law bears a striking resemblance to the thirteenth amendment , which in its core [gives] : “ neither slavery nor involuntary servitude shall exist within the united states. ” if we think of the prohibition against slavery and involuntary servitude as an affirmation of autonomy , then the passive sentence of the thirteenth amendment could be rewritten , without change of content , in the form of the german basic law :

Some vast network of regulatory interactions among genes and their products provides the mechanism that marshals the genome into the dance of development .
some vast network of regulatory interactions among genes and their products [gives] the mechanism that marshals the genome into the dance of development .

This pruning back to a total of 10,000 provides a selection pressure for lisp expressions that are formed more often than average .
this pruning back to a total of 10,000 [gives] a selection pressure for lisp expressions that are formed more often than average .

Current particle physics has united three of the four fundamental forces the electromagnetic , weak , and strong forces called the “ standard model. ” With general relativity , which deals with the remaining force , gravity ; this provides a consistent framework .
current particle physics has united three of the four fundamental forces the electromagnetic , weak , and strong forces called the “ standard model. ” with general relativity , which deals with the remaining force , gravity ; this [gives] a consistent framework .

Thus , some physicists hope that decoherence provides a natural link between the quantum and classical realms .
thus , some physicists hope that decoherence [gives] a natural link between the quantum and classical realms .

Next door to the theater is The World of Beatrix Potter , an exhibition that provides a comprehensive introduction to the woman and her work .
next door to the theater is the world of beatrix potter , an exhibition that [gives] a comprehensive introduction to the woman and her work .

The Wordsworth Trust now manages the property and offers a guided tour of the cottage that provides insights into the life of the writer , his family , and his friends .
the wordsworth trust now manages the property and offers a guided tour of the cottage that [gives] insights into the life of the writer , his family , and his friends .

The maze of narrow alleys that link the houses can be confusing , as there are few street signs to guide you , but the Tourist Information Centre provides an invaluable guide .
the maze of narrow alleys that link the houses can be confusing , as there are few street signs to guide you , but the tourist information centre [gives] an invaluable guide .

Two other notable buildings in Hawkshead are the Quaker Meeting House , dating from 1688 , and the Minstrel ’ s Gallery Café on Flag Street , a 15th-century building that now provides refreshment for today ’ s visitors .
two other notable buildings in hawkshead are the quaker meeting house , dating from 1688 , and the minstrel ’ s gallery café on flag street , a 15th-century building that now [gives] refreshment for today ’ s visitors .

It highlights the local craftsmen who helped Kendal and the other Lakes towns to thrive , and provides a comprehensive overview of how the economy of the Lakes has evolved and how the landscape has been changed by man .
it highlights the local craftsmen who helped kendal and the other lakes towns to thrive , and [gives] a comprehensive overview of how the economy of the lakes has evolved and how the landscape has been changed by man .

The continually changing program provides something for everyone , whether you want to join in or simply watch a master craftsman at work .
the continually changing program [gives] something for everyone , whether you want to join in or simply watch a master craftsman at work .

The Cumberland Pencil Factory , a leading producer of pencils in the world , would appear to have little to offer the visitor , but the Pencil Museum provides fascinating insights into the history of pencil production in the area .
the cumberland pencil factory , a leading producer of pencils in the world , would appear to have little to offer the visitor , but the pencil museum [gives] fascinating insights into the history of pencil production in the area .

The lake ferry provides a relaxing way to take in the beautiful setting and get a closer look at some of the islands .
the lake ferry [gives] a relaxing way to take in the beautiful setting and get a closer look at some of the islands .

Not only did it create jobs , but it also created Lake Mead , the massive reservoir that today provides water to all of southern Nevada .
not only did it create jobs , but it also created lake mead , the massive reservoir that today [gives] water to all of southern nevada .

In fact it enjoys the mildest of climates , even in winter , and provides many a pleasant seaside resort in summer .
in fact it enjoys the mildest of climates , even in winter , and [gives] many a pleasant seaside resort in summer .

You , too , can come eye-to-eye with these beautiful tropical birds ; the sanctuary provides sugar water and seed so that you can feed them .
you , too , can come eye-to-eye with these beautiful tropical birds ; the sanctuary [gives] sugar water and seed so that you can feed them .

All along the northern coast here you will see remains of the old railway line , which once linked the plantations to the port but now mostly provides a place for children to play or animals to graze .
all along the northern coast here you will see remains of the old railway line , which once linked the plantations to the port but now mostly [gives] a place for children to play or animals to graze .

It still provides a living for many families , either from fishing or from the harvesting of bull-rushes for basket making .
it still [gives] a living for many families , either from fishing or from the harvesting of bull-rushes for basket making .

Gambling provides almost 40 percent of the government ’ s tax revenues , and is a major source of employment .
gambling [gives] almost 40 percent of the government ’ s tax revenues , and is a major source of employment .

A grand colonial house , fully restored and outfitted with period furnishings , provides the centerpiece for this expanding “ cultural village .
a grand colonial house , fully restored and outfitted with period furnishings , [gives] the centerpiece for this expanding “ cultural village .

In these already overpopulated islands , where Roman Catholicism is the predominant religion , the government provides an initial lump sum for each birth and a monthly support grant , allocation familiale , for each child .
in these already overpopulated islands , where roman catholicism is the predominant religion , the government [gives] an initial lump sum for each birth and a monthly support grant , allocation familiale , for each child .

Madeira ’ s system of irrigation channels , known as levadas , carries water down from the mountains on gentle gradients and provides a ready-made system of trails .
madeira ’ s system of irrigation channels , known as levadas , carries water down from the mountains on gentle gradients and [gives] a ready-made system of trails .

As a largely immigrant society , the State of Israel provides home to people from over 80 countries around the world .
as a largely immigrant society , the state of israel [gives] home to people from over 80 countries around the world .

Holyrood Park , within the confines of the city , provides an ideal area for walking .
holyrood park , within the confines of the city , [gives] an ideal area for walking .

Shopping Where to Shop Edinburgh draws the best of Scottish products to its stores and provides a ready marketplace for goods from the northern Highlands and islands .
shopping where to shop edinburgh draws the best of scottish products to its stores and [gives] a ready marketplace for goods from the northern highlands and islands .

The Via Dolorosa and the Muslim Quarter A stroll through the Muslim Quarter provides a glimpse of some of Jerusalem ’ s most ancient sites as well as the vibrant contemporary Arab life of the city .
the via dolorosa and the muslim quarter a stroll through the muslim quarter [gives] a glimpse of some of jerusalem ’ s most ancient sites as well as the vibrant contemporary arab life of the city .

Membership imposes an obligation to maintain standards of both quality and service , and provides dissatisfied customers with an officially recognized channel for redressing complaints ; the number to call is Tel .
membership imposes an obligation to maintain standards of both quality and service , and [gives] dissatisfied customers with an officially recognized channel for redressing complaints ; the number to call is tel .

This restaurant provides a good menu of Middle Eastern meat dishes , specialising in lamb .
this restaurant [gives] a good menu of middle eastern meat dishes , specialising in lamb .

Martinique ’ s Mount Pelée provides the dark coloring for its northern beaches .
martinique ’ s mount pelée [gives] the dark coloring for its northern beaches .

While Tokyo usually provides the first glimpse of modern Japan ’ s many strange contrasts , it is to Kyoto and Nara that visitors with even a passing interest in Japanese history and culture come to peel back the layers of centuries .
while tokyo usually [gives] the first glimpse of modern japan ’ s many strange contrasts , it is to kyoto and nara that visitors with even a passing interest in japanese history and culture come to peel back the layers of centuries .

This futuristic and unusual structure is actually two glass-and-steel towers linked at the top , from which the “ Floating Observatory ” provides a panoramic view of Osaka city and the surrounding countryside .
this futuristic and unusual structure is actually two glass-and-steel towers linked at the top , from which the “ floating observatory ” [gives] a panoramic view of osaka city and the surrounding countryside .

Dominating the mountain range that provides Kobe ’ s dramatic backdrop is Mt .
dominating the mountain range that [gives] kobe ’ s dramatic backdrop is mt .

Rather , it provides an opportunity to glimpse one key aspect of the very essence of a society and people whose origins , development , and identity hold a fascination for the rest of the world .
rather , it [gives] an opportunity to glimpse one key aspect of the very essence of a society and people whose origins , development , and identity hold a fascination for the rest of the world .

It thus provides an all-too-rare glimpse of provincial life in prewar Japan .
it thus [gives] an all-too-rare glimpse of provincial life in prewar japan .

Around the Island Lake Shikotsu , a volcanic crater lake situated 26 km ( 16 miles ) west of Chitose airport , provides one of southern Hokkaido ’ s most picturesque camping and hiking areas .
around the island lake shikotsu , a volcanic crater lake situated 26 km ( 16 miles ) west of chitose airport , [gives] one of southern hokkaido ’ s most picturesque camping and hiking areas .

A luxury resort on the west side of Oahu , expertly managed by JW Marriott , Ihilani is situated within a 640-acre resort community that provides golf , tennis , 3 miles of beaches and lagoons , and a world-class spa within a half-hour drive of Honolulu .
a luxury resort on the west side of oahu , expertly managed by jw marriott , ihilani is situated within a 640-acre resort community that [gives] golf , tennis , 3 miles of beaches and lagoons , and a world-class spa within a half-hour drive of honolulu .

This provides insight into the important Japanese concept of katachi ( form ) , the rough equivalent of “ It isn ’ t what you do ; it ’ s the way that you do it .
this [gives] insight into the important japanese concept of katachi ( form ) , the rough equivalent of “ it isn ’ t what you do ; it ’ s the way that you do it .

The Accademia ’ s uncontested star , the great David ( which once stood in the Piazza della Signoria , now substituted by a life-size copy ) , provides the perfect object lesson of the finished product , a hero infused with all the contained energy needed to hurl that stone at Goliath .
the accademia ’ s uncontested star , the great david ( which once stood in the piazza della signoria , now substituted by a life-size copy ) , [gives] the perfect object lesson of the finished product , a hero infused with all the contained energy needed to hurl that stone at goliath .

West on the Via Porta Rossa is the 14th-century Palazzo Davanzati ; its stern , fortress-like exterior still provides rings at ground level for tethering horses and on upper stories to hold torches and lanterns for festive occasions .
west on the via porta rossa is the 14th-century palazzo davanzati ; its stern , fortress-like exterior still [gives] rings at ground level for tethering horses and on upper stories to hold torches and lanterns for festive occasions .

Home of the American heiress until her death in 1979 , this unfinished 18th-century palace provides a delightful canal-side setting for what is widely considered one of the world ’ s most comprehensive collections of modern art .
home of the american heiress until her death in 1979 , this unfinished 18th-century palace [gives] a delightful canal-side setting for what is widely considered one of the world ’ s most comprehensive collections of modern art .

In a sunny sheltered basin high in the Boite valley of the eastern Dolomites , it provides excellent skiing facilities as well as skating and bobsledding .
in a sunny sheltered basin high in the boite valley of the eastern dolomites , it [gives] excellent skiing facilities as well as skating and bobsledding .

The octagonal construction provides the interior with seven exedrae , or recesses , the eighth being the choir and apse .
the octagonal construction [gives] the interior with seven exedrae , or recesses , the eighth being the choir and apse .

The Galleria provides a sheltered , much trafficked pedestrian passage from the Duomo to another holy entity , the revered 18th-century La Scala theater , high temple of opera .
the galleria [gives] a sheltered , much trafficked pedestrian passage from the duomo to another holy entity , the revered 18th-century la scala theater , high temple of opera .

It provides a uniquely gorgeous setting — if not slightly surreal — for the summertime festivals of classical drama , music , and film .
it [gives] a uniquely gorgeous setting — if not slightly surreal — for the summertime festivals of classical drama , music , and film .

Smaller towns will have a syndicat d ’ initiative , which provides the same services .
smaller towns will have a syndicat d ’ initiative , which [gives] the same services .

The cosmopolitan crowd outside mingling with street performers , artists , and fire-eaters provides hours of free entertainment .
the cosmopolitan crowd outside mingling with street performers , artists , and fire-eaters [gives] hours of free entertainment .

Converted from a 13th-century convent of Dominican nuns , the Musée d ’ Unterlinden provides a perfect setting in which to view one of the world ’ s undisputed masterpieces of religious art , Matthias Grünewald ’ s awe-inspiring Isenheim altarpiece .
converted from a 13th-century convent of dominican nuns , the musée d ’ unterlinden [gives] a perfect setting in which to view one of the world ’ s undisputed masterpieces of religious art , matthias grünewald ’ s awe-inspiring isenheim altarpiece .

Today the theater still provides a wonderful setting for the July festival ’ s opera and symphony concerts .
today the theater still [gives] a wonderful setting for the july festival ’ s opera and symphony concerts .

L ’ Esplanade de la Lunade provides a great view down onto the river below .
l ’ esplanade de la lunade [gives] a great view down onto the river below .

The Musée Basque ( Château-Neuf ) provides a valuable introduction to the folklore of the region .
the musée basque ( château-neuf ) [gives] a valuable introduction to the folklore of the region .

A walk along the banks of the river below the museum provides good views of the 11th-century bridge and the red-brick mills that used the flow of water to power a variety of industries .
a walk along the banks of the river below the museum [gives] good views of the 11th-century bridge and the red-brick mills that used the flow of water to power a variety of industries .

A rich variety of natural beauty close by provides opportunities to explore caves , a waterfall , and secluded beaches .
a rich variety of natural beauty close by [gives] opportunities to explore caves , a waterfall , and secluded beaches .

An acclaimed dining in the restaurant next to the yacht marina provides excellent evening views .
an acclaimed dining in the restaurant next to the yacht marina [gives] excellent evening views .

Some suggestions are Chompy ’ s in the Powerscourt Townhouse Centre , The Bistro for pizza and pasta in Castle Market , Fitzer ’ s cafés , and the Coffee Dock Grill in Jury ’ s Hotel , Ballsbridge , which provides a special menu just for children .
some suggestions are chompy ’ s in the powerscourt townhouse centre , the bistro for pizza and pasta in castle market , fitzer ’ s cafés , and the coffee dock grill in jury ’ s hotel , ballsbridge , which [gives] a special menu just for children .

A tunnel about halfway along provides chilly relief on a hot day .
a tunnel about halfway along [gives] chilly relief on a hot day .

The lookout point at the windswept , lunar-like summit provides a 360-degree panorama .
the lookout point at the windswept , lunar-like summit [gives] a 360-degree panorama .

A lookout point provides views across to Machico on the coast , and you can enjoy a drink at the golf club bar , set in what was once a pousada .
a lookout point [gives] views across to machico on the coast , and you can enjoy a drink at the golf club bar , set in what was once a pousada .

It ’ s only a couple of hundred yards from Pico do Facho , and from its height of 437 m ( 1,433 ft ) , accessible by car , provides a quite commanding view itself .
it ’ s only a couple of hundred yards from pico do facho , and from its height of 437 m ( 1,433 ft ) , accessible by car , [gives] a quite commanding view itself .

College Green , the home of Trinity College , provides a natural focus just south of the O ’ Connell Street bridge .
college green , the home of trinity college , [gives] a natural focus just south of the o ’ connell street bridge .

The Galilee Experience at the marina provides a 35-minute audio-visual introduction to the region ; pleasure cruisers run to Capernaeum and other places ; and you can also hire small craft .
the galilee experience at the marina [gives] a 35-minute audio-visual introduction to the region ; pleasure cruisers run to capernaeum and other places ; and you can also hire small craft .

Nonetheless , a guide is recommended , as there is no interpretation except for what the site museum provides .
nonetheless , a guide is recommended , as there is no interpretation except for what the site museum [gives] .

It provides visitors with the perfect frame for a first view of the ensemble .
it [gives] visitors with the perfect frame for a first view of the ensemble .

A trip to remote Hardknott Fort , which protected the route through Eskdale and Hardknott Pass , provides a stark impression of what the invaders from the south were up against .
a trip to remote hardknott fort , which protected the route through eskdale and hardknott pass , [gives] a stark impression of what the invaders from the south were up against .

The Mirador de Ricardo Roca provides enticing views of the coast looking north , but save some film , because they ’ re even better a bit farther on .
the mirador de ricardo roca [gives] enticing views of the coast looking north , but save some film , because they ’ re even better a bit farther on .

The former has a platform at the edge of the sea , which provides excellent views of the coast and back at the small cove .
the former has a platform at the edge of the sea , which [gives] excellent views of the coast and back at the small cove .

It ’ s only 357 m ( 1,171 ft ) high , but provides excellent views of the entire island .
it ’ s only 357 m ( 1,171 ft ) high , but [gives] excellent views of the entire island .

The adjacent George C. Page Museum of La Brea Discoveries ( 5801 Wilshire Boulevard ) provides fascinating insight into Ice Age life in southern California .
the adjacent george c. page museum of la brea discoveries ( 5801 wilshire boulevard ) [gives] fascinating insight into ice age life in southern california .

The visitors ’ center ( 685 South Figueroa , 213-689-8822 ) provides information on the historical sites of the district , including the Avila Adobe ( the first house in Los Angeles ) , the Old Plaza Church , and the shady plaza with its wrought-iron gazebo .
the visitors ’ center ( 685 south figueroa , 213-689-8822 ) [gives] information on the historical sites of the district , including the avila adobe ( the first house in los angeles ) , the old plaza church , and the shady plaza with its wrought-iron gazebo .

At the back of the book , our helpful A to Z section provides detailed practical information on how to handle your stay in Malaysia .
at the back of the book , our helpful a to z section [gives] detailed practical information on how to handle your stay in malaysia .

Taman Negara This grand national park provides an ideal setting for exploring vast expanses of rainforest , fast-flowing rivers , and mountains of the peninsula ’ s Main Range .
taman negara this grand national park [gives] an ideal setting for exploring vast expanses of rainforest , fast-flowing rivers , and mountains of the peninsula ’ s main range .

Bukit China Inland , the hillside provides a Chinese cemetery for over 12,000 graves , mostly horseshoe-shaped tombs .
bukit china inland , the hillside [gives] a chinese cemetery for over 12,000 graves , mostly horseshoe-shaped tombs .

Entry points to the island are by road and rail , a ferry journey across the Selat Selatan from the industrial town of Butterworth , or by way of the 7-km ( 41⁄2-mile ) drive over the Penang Bridge , which provides wonderful views of the harbor .
entry points to the island are by road and rail , a ferry journey across the selat selatan from the industrial town of butterworth , or by way of the 7-km ( 41⁄2-mile ) drive over the penang bridge , which [gives] wonderful views of the harbor .

The wealth of river systems among the jungle terrain provides a vital link that will transport you to the tribes of the rainforest and the chance to experience life in their longhouses first-hand .
the wealth of river systems among the jungle terrain [gives] a vital link that will transport you to the tribes of the rainforest and the chance to experience life in their longhouses first-hand .

Described as a “ Living Museum , ” it provides an opportunity for the traveler short on time to gain a feel for the rich culture of Sarawak .
described as a “ living museum , ” it [gives] an opportunity for the traveler short on time to gain a feel for the rich culture of sarawak .

On the east coast , Sandakan provides a base for visiting the Turtle Islands and the famous orang-utans of Sepilok .
on the east coast , sandakan [gives] a base for visiting the turtle islands and the famous orang-utans of sepilok .

Its historic photograph collection provides a chance to see the township as it was before the war .
its historic photograph collection [gives] a chance to see the township as it was before the war .

A small but comprehensive Mountain Garden provides a good introduction to the plant life you will find in Kinabalu ’ s forest .
a small but comprehensive mountain garden [gives] a good introduction to the plant life you will find in kinabalu ’ s forest .

The Sepilok Orang-Utan Sanctuary A 30-minute drive west of Sandakan , this nature reserve provides a rehabilitation center for young orang-utans , previously held in captivity , to prepare them to be able to live in the forest unaided .
the sepilok orang-utan sanctuary a 30-minute drive west of sandakan , this nature reserve [gives] a rehabilitation center for young orang-utans , previously held in captivity , to prepare them to be able to live in the forest unaided .

It is the great Harbor that now provides the waterfront ’ s visual excitement .
it is the great harbor that now [gives] the waterfront ’ s visual excitement .

The North Shore Road provides views of the rocky coastline .
the north shore road [gives] views of the rocky coastline .

The very simple interior provides the perfect environment for quiet reflection and prayer .
the very simple interior [gives] the perfect environment for quiet reflection and prayer .

This route provides superb views of Macchapuchhare , the spectacular Fishtail Peak .
this route [gives] superb views of macchapuchhare , the spectacular fishtail peak .

Important things to keep in mind include picking a reliable rafting company that uses new self-baling rafts and that provides good helmets and life jackets .
important things to keep in mind include picking a reliable rafting company that uses new self-baling rafts and that [gives] good helmets and life jackets .

While Castle Hill provides arguably the ﬁnest views over the Danube , there is another lookout point that also should not be missed .
while castle hill [gives] arguably the ﬁnest views over the danube , there is another lookout point that also should not be missed .

Gellért-hegy ( Gellért Hill ) , which rises some 140 metres ( 430 feet ) almost directly above the Danube on the Buda side , provides a marvellous panorama .
gellért-hegy ( gellért hill ) , which rises some 140 metres ( 430 feet ) almost directly above the danube on the buda side , [gives] a marvellous panorama .

This is one of the largest medicinal bath complexes in Europe ; it also provides year-round , open-air swimming , at a constant 27°C ( 81°F ) , in beautiful surroundings .
this is one of the largest medicinal bath complexes in europe ; it also [gives] year-round , open-air swimming , at a constant 27°c ( 81°f ) , in beautiful surroundings .

The Philatelic Museum ( Bélyeg Múzeum ) contains every stamp issued by the country from 1871 onwards , and so provides its own miniature pictorial history of the country .
the philatelic museum ( bélyeg múzeum ) contains every stamp issued by the country from 1871 onwards , and so [gives] its own miniature pictorial history of the country .

If you have a car , one way to begin your visit is to travel along 49-Mile Drive , which provides a comprehensive tour of the main sights .
if you have a car , one way to begin your visit is to travel along 49-mile drive , which [gives] a comprehensive tour of the main sights .

Elephant rides , jeep tours , and canoe trips can all be arranged at the park entrance , where an interesting interpretive center provides a history of the area and information about its ecology .
elephant rides , jeep tours , and canoe trips can all be arranged at the park entrance , where an interesting interpretive center [gives] a history of the area and information about its ecology .

Travel by road provides a glimpse of the Terai , an extension of the Ganges Plain .
travel by road [gives] a glimpse of the terai , an extension of the ganges plain .

One kind of ranch , catering to the resort trade , provides a quiet seaside jog .
one kind of ranch , catering to the resort trade , [gives] a quiet seaside jog .

Benidorm is the main destination for many tourists , and this popular town provides another good point of departure for excursions to nearby islands like the Isla de Benidorm , as well as to moody villages , like Guadalest , in the interior .
benidorm is the main destination for many tourists , and this popular town [gives] another good point of departure for excursions to nearby islands like the isla de benidorm , as well as to moody villages , like guadalest , in the interior .

The castle , set above the trees of the small Parque Municipal , provides a favourite spot for viewing Santa Bárbara and the port in the late afternoon .
the castle , set above the trees of the small parque municipal , [gives] a favourite spot for viewing santa bárbara and the port in the late afternoon .

The chapel provides an exquisite setting for chamber music concerts .
the chapel [gives] an exquisite setting for chamber music concerts .

It provides a remarkably authentic record of the development of the city , from the reign of Henri IV at the end of the 16th century to the advent of the Revolution .
it [gives] a remarkably authentic record of the development of the city , from the reign of henri iv at the end of the 16th century to the advent of the revolution .

The excellent National Museum of Modern Art on the 5th floor ( 1905–1960 ) and 4th floor ( contemporary ) provides a rewarding education in all the disparate art movements of the 20th century .
the excellent national museum of modern art on the 5th floor ( 1905–1960 ) and 4th floor ( contemporary ) [gives] a rewarding education in all the disparate art movements of the 20th century .

Further on , Bananera El Guanche provides fascinating insight into how a Canarian banana plantation operates .
further on , bananera el guanche [gives] fascinating insight into how a canarian banana plantation operates .

As you might expect , there is the usual plethora of family attractions nearby , the most important of which is Palmitos Parque , that provides an excellent day out for all the family .
as you might expect , there is the usual plethora of family attractions nearby , the most important of which is palmitos parque , that [gives] an excellent day out for all the family .

An American couple , Bob and Louise Koke , opened the first hotel on Kuta Beach in 1936 ; Louise G. Koke ’ s memoir , Our Hotel In Bali , provides an idyllic portrait of Bali ’ s first , tenuous endeavor at tourism from 1936 until the Japanese invasion in 1942 .
an american couple , bob and louise koke , opened the first hotel on kuta beach in 1936 ; louise g. koke ’ s memoir , our hotel in bali , [gives] an idyllic portrait of bali ’ s first , tenuous endeavor at tourism from 1936 until the japanese invasion in 1942 .

On Saturdays most shops are open from 9am until 4pm , although from early November to mid-December , a new innovation called the “ Seven Shopping Weekends ” provides extended weekend hours , with each weekend following a different theme dedicated to various aspects of Berlin ’ s character .
on saturdays most shops are open from 9am until 4pm , although from early november to mid-december , a new innovation called the “ seven shopping weekends ” [gives] extended weekend hours , with each weekend following a different theme dedicated to various aspects of berlin ’ s character .

Access is not permitted by car , but the park provides electric bicycles , buggies , and a colorful open-sided tour bus to give access to the interior ; two hours of free cycle use is included with the entry ticket .
access is not permitted by car , but the park [gives] electric bicycles , buggies , and a colorful open-sided tour bus to give access to the interior ; two hours of free cycle use is included with the entry ticket .

Next to the car park where you leave your vehicle , and information center provides details about the park and its flora and fauna .
next to the car park where you leave your vehicle , and information center [gives] details about the park and its flora and fauna .

The Bahamas Sports and Aviation Information Centre provides complete information about sports facilities in the Bahamas .
the bahamas sports and aviation information centre [gives] complete information about sports facilities in the bahamas .

The floor plan of the hall provides the key to the building ’ s function .
the floor plan of the hall [gives] the key to the building ’ s function .

Kangxi called these royal parklands Bishushanzhuang , or “ Mountain Villa for Escaping the Summer Heat. ” Indeed , its altitude — at about 350 m ( more than 1,100 ft ) above sea level — provides relief from the summer heat , as do the surrounding mountains , forests , and rivers .
kangxi called these royal parklands bishushanzhuang , or “ mountain villa for escaping the summer heat. ” indeed , its altitude — at about 350 m ( more than 1,100 ft ) above sea level — [gives] relief from the summer heat , as do the surrounding mountains , forests , and rivers .

The waterway provides a good deal of charm and excitement .
the waterway [gives] a good deal of charm and excitement .

The trip back to Guilin by bus provides yet another facet to the soaring scenery .
the trip back to guilin by bus [gives] yet another facet to the soaring scenery .

At the summit , where the altitude is 223 m ( 732 ft ) , the charmingly named Catch-Cloud Pavilion ( Nayunting ) provides a 360-degree panorama .
at the summit , where the altitude is 223 m ( 732 ft ) , the charmingly named catch-cloud pavilion ( nayunting ) [gives] a 360-degree panorama .

The lakeside promenade also provides plenty of shopping and small restaurants .
the lakeside promenade also [gives] plenty of shopping and small restaurants .

Grand View Park ( Daguan Gongyuan ) , on one shore , provides the flowers for which Kunming is famous , along with arched bridges and pavilions .
grand view park ( daguan gongyuan ) , on one shore , [gives] the flowers for which kunming is famous , along with arched bridges and pavilions .

Shaolin now provides movie sets for film crews as well as schools for domestic and foreign classes in self-defense .
shaolin now [gives] movie sets for film crews as well as schools for domestic and foreign classes in self-defense .

This tropical island off the southernmost tip of China , nearly four times the size of Corsica , provides China with coffee , coconuts , sugar , and rubber .
this tropical island off the southernmost tip of china , nearly four times the size of corsica , [gives] china with coffee , coconuts , sugar , and rubber .

A little to the north , fashionable Savignyplatz provides a focus for first-class art and architecture bookshops and art galleries , located in the arches beneath the overhead S-Bahn railway line .
a little to the north , fashionable savignyplatz [gives] a focus for first-class art and architecture bookshops and art galleries , located in the arches beneath the overhead s-bahn railway line .

Not for the fainthearted , an observation deck at 207 m ( 679 ft ) affords an excellent view over the city , while the revolving restaurant provides refreshment .
not for the fainthearted , an observation deck at 207 m ( 679 ft ) affords an excellent view over the city , while the revolving restaurant [gives] refreshment .

Teufelsbruch , for example , which regularly records the coldest winter temperatures in Berlin , provides a natural shelter for shrubs and flowers from the sub-Arctic tundra .
teufelsbruch , for example , which regularly records the coldest winter temperatures in berlin , [gives] a natural shelter for shrubs and flowers from the sub-arctic tundra .

The new wing of Schloß Charlottenburg provides a fine setting for works by 19th-century Romantic painters , and boasts the most comprehensive collection of paintings by Caspar David Friedrich to be found in Germany .
the new wing of schloß charlottenburg [gives] a fine setting for works by 19th-century romantic painters , and boasts the most comprehensive collection of paintings by caspar david friedrich to be found in germany .

It provides the perfect setting for Schloß Cecilienhof ( 1916 ) , the ivy-covered , half-timbered pastiche of an English country manor built for Crown Prince Wilhelm and his wife .
it [gives] the perfect setting for schloß cecilienhof ( 1916 ) , the ivy-covered , half-timbered pastiche of an english country manor built for crown prince wilhelm and his wife .

This not only provides excitement for divers , who can watch shark feeding in the wild on some Bahamian islands , but also to fishermen .
this not only [gives] excitement for divers , who can watch shark feeding in the wild on some bahamian islands , but also to fishermen .

Nevertheless , the beaches and restaurants still make an enjoyable day out , and a scenic old tram ( number 18 ) provides excursions from the resort to the 17th-century Castelo do Queijo ( Cheese Castle ) .
nevertheless , the beaches and restaurants still make an enjoyable day out , and a scenic old tram ( number 18 ) [gives] excursions from the resort to the 17th-century castelo do queijo ( cheese castle ) .

The guided tour ( in Portuguese only ) provides an intimate glimpse of the royal apartments as they would have appeared before the assassination of Carlos I in 1908 .
the guided tour ( in portuguese only ) [gives] an intimate glimpse of the royal apartments as they would have appeared before the assassination of carlos i in 1908 .

The decoratively crenellated Torre de Menagem in the castle dates to the 13th century and provides a good lookout over the extensive wheatfields of the region .
the decoratively crenellated torre de menagem in the castle dates to the 13th century and [gives] a good lookout over the extensive wheatfields of the region .

Near the airport , the Beijing Country Golf Club provides 36 holes .
near the airport , the beijing country golf club [gives] 36 holes .

If patriots make a reverent pilgrimage to Canada ’ s Sports Hall of Fame ( just off Lakeshore Boulevard West at Exhibition Place ) to salute heroic athletes of the past , the separate Hockey Hall of Fame provides a tonic lesson for American visitors to recall , among the trophies , masks , skates , and hockey sticks , the fact that nearly all their ice hockey heroes are Canadian-born .
if patriots make a reverent pilgrimage to canada ’ s sports hall of fame ( just off lakeshore boulevard west at exhibition place ) to salute heroic athletes of the past , the separate hockey hall of fame [gives] a tonic lesson for american visitors to recall , among the trophies , masks , skates , and hockey sticks , the fact that nearly all their ice hockey heroes are canadian-born .

Across the street , the venerable Royal York hotel , refurbished to something of its 1929 grandeur , provides a businessmen ’ s palace as appropriate counterpart .
across the street , the venerable royal york hotel , refurbished to something of its 1929 grandeur , [gives] a businessmen ’ s palace as appropriate counterpart .

The Canadian collection provides a comprehensive survey of 200 years of Canadian painting , pride of place going to Emily Carr , Tom Thomson , and members of the influential Group of Seven .
the canadian collection [gives] a comprehensive survey of 200 years of canadian painting , pride of place going to emily carr , tom thomson , and members of the influential group of seven .

Sheep graze the courtyard lawns , bread is still made in the bakery , and the cookhouse provides lusty country fare .
sheep graze the courtyard lawns , bread is still made in the bakery , and the cookhouse [gives] lusty country fare .

For longer stays , the information office provides detailed maps of Quetico ’ s fantastic network of interlocking waterways .
for longer stays , the information office [gives] detailed maps of quetico ’ s fantastic network of interlocking waterways .

Switching its echoes from Westminster to Buckingham Palace , Parliament Hill provides pomp with a Changing of the Guard by 125 soldiers of the Governor General ’ s Foot Guards ( June 23 to August 25 , 2001 at 9:45 a.m ) .
switching its echoes from westminster to buckingham palace , parliament hill [gives] pomp with a changing of the guard by 125 soldiers of the governor general ’ s foot guards ( june 23 to august 25 , 2001 at 9:45 a.m ) .

From the Cité du Havre north of Victoria Bridge , the controversial apartment complex of Habitat , designed by the Israeli-born architect Moshe Safdie for Expo ’ 67 , provides residents with a grandstand view of the river and its islands .
from the cité du havre north of victoria bridge , the controversial apartment complex of habitat , designed by the israeli-born architect moshe safdie for expo ’ 67 , [gives] residents with a grandstand view of the river and its islands .

The small but tastefully designed McCord Museum ( 690 Sherbrooke Street West ) provides some fascinating insights into Canadian life — Inuit and Indian as well as the world of the fur trader and other pioneers of the 18th and 19th centuries .
the small but tastefully designed mccord museum ( 690 sherbrooke street west ) [gives] some fascinating insights into canadian life — inuit and indian as well as the world of the fur trader and other pioneers of the 18th and 19th centuries .

In summer , The Piggery provides a home for one of the region ’ s last surviving English-language theaters .
in summer , the piggery [gives] a home for one of the region ’ s last surviving english-language theaters .

The park also provides forest guides for group tours .
the park also [gives] forest guides for group tours .

At the southern tip of the Halifax peninsula , the park provides a fine vantage point from which to watch the big ships in the harbor and the yachts on the Northwest Arm .
at the southern tip of the halifax peninsula , the park [gives] a fine vantage point from which to watch the big ships in the harbor and the yachts on the northwest arm .

Robson Square also provides a home for Vancouver Art Gallery , in the old courthouse ( a proper Neoclassical temple renovated by Erickson ) .
robson square also [gives] a home for vancouver art gallery , in the old courthouse ( a proper neoclassical temple renovated by erickson ) .

In the evenings , Tívoli World near Benalmádena provides all the fun of the fair , with carnival rides and a roller coaster , and there ’ s also a bar and flamenco show for the grown-ups .
in the evenings , tívoli world near benalmádena [gives] all the fun of the fair , with carnival rides and a roller coaster , and there ’ s also a bar and flamenco show for the grown-ups .

The oldest diving organization in the Bahamas , UNEXSO provides diving experience sessions and training courses .
the oldest diving organization in the bahamas , unexso [gives] diving experience sessions and training courses .

They can also be explored by boat ; anchoring in the sheltered waters provides outstanding opportunities for swimming and snorkeling .
they can also be explored by boat ; anchoring in the sheltered waters [gives] outstanding opportunities for swimming and snorkeling .

The blue hole at nearby Turtle Cove , a half-mile walk from the road over rough terrain , provides a memorable diving experience , though it ’ s interesting even from the rim .
the blue hole at nearby turtle cove , a half-mile walk from the road over rough terrain , [gives] a memorable diving experience , though it ’ s interesting even from the rim .

The park also supports a turtle-breeding ground and provides a home to wild boar and wild donkeys .
the park also supports a turtle-breeding ground and [gives] a home to wild boar and wild donkeys .

The bridge in front of Muziek Theater provides a wonderful view down the river and is also one of the most interesting bridges in Amsterdam .
the bridge in front of muziek theater [gives] a wonderful view down the river and is also one of the most interesting bridges in amsterdam .

It has grown from a few thousand adventurous souls 40 years ago to more than 300,000 visitors a year , and it provides income for Nepalis in mountain villages as well as for those in urban hotels and construction jobs .
it has grown from a few thousand adventurous souls 40 years ago to more than 300,000 visitors a year , and it [gives] income for nepalis in mountain villages as well as for those in urban hotels and construction jobs .

Browsing along shopping streets proves endlessly fascinating , though , and provides profound insights into Cuba ’ s arcane economy .
browsing along shopping streets proves endlessly fascinating , though , and [gives] profound insights into cuba ’ s arcane economy .

The water collected in this reservoir surrounded by pine hills provides irrigation for the area ’ s profitable orchards .
the water collected in this reservoir surrounded by pine hills [gives] irrigation for the area ’ s profitable orchards .

Though the museum doesn ’ t possess any of the master ’ s finest works , it does have two good examples of his “ Blue Period ” ( 1903 ) , as well as The Harlequin ( 1917 ) , and the idiosyncratic Las Meninas series , which provides a fascinating view of Picasso ’ s innovative and deconstructivist approach to his subject .
though the museum doesn ’ t possess any of the master ’ s finest works , it does have two good examples of his “ blue period ” ( 1903 ) , as well as the harlequin ( 1917 ) , and the idiosyncratic las meninas series , which [gives] a fascinating view of picasso ’ s innovative and deconstructivist approach to his subject .

The town also provides plenty of opportunities for both fitness enthusiasts and fans of spectator sports .
the town also [gives] plenty of opportunities for both fitness enthusiasts and fans of spectator sports .

It is also a hostel , Residencia Académica Santa Clara , which provides peaceful , simple rooms ( see page 128 ) ; a lot of visitors have long-term stays on their minds .
it is also a hostel , residencia académica santa clara , which [gives] peaceful , simple rooms ( see page 128 ) ; a lot of visitors have long-term stays on their minds .

North of the main road , the Casco Antiguo ( Old Town ) provides an intriguing glimpse of the past that has been cleverly integrated to cater to modern visitors .
north of the main road , the casco antiguo ( old town ) [gives] an intriguing glimpse of the past that has been cleverly integrated to cater to modern visitors .

This is the last major resort town on the western part of the Costa del Sol , and it provides all the vacation essentials — good beaches , golf courses , restaurants , and a marina — in a small-town atmosphere .
this is the last major resort town on the western part of the costa del sol , and it [gives] all the vacation essentials — good beaches , golf courses , restaurants , and a marina — in a small-town atmosphere .

This is the finest mirador in Sevilla , and provides for unparalleled views of the old city below .
this is the finest mirador in sevilla , and [gives] for unparalleled views of the old city below .

The long road from Máleme to Paleochóra on the south coast perhaps provides a microcosm of what western Crete is all about .
the long road from máleme to paleochóra on the south coast perhaps [gives] a microcosm of what western crete is all about .

Most people pay for an excursion that provides a bus ride to the head of the gorge at Omalós and boat transfer at the southern end , Agía Rouméli either east to Chóra Sfakíon or west to Soúgia or Paleochóra where you rejoin the bus .
most people pay for an excursion that [gives] a bus ride to the head of the gorge at omalós and boat transfer at the southern end , agía rouméli either east to chóra sfakíon or west to soúgia or paleochóra where you rejoin the bus .

Although bereft of up-to-date display cases and featuring explanations written in Chinese only , this museum provides the most exhaustive overview of Chinese civilization — illustrated with national treasures — of any gallery in China .
although bereft of up-to-date display cases and featuring explanations written in chinese only , this museum [gives] the most exhaustive overview of chinese civilization — illustrated with national treasures — of any gallery in china .

For now , it provides a quiet picnic grounds amidst the ruins of an empire .
for now , it [gives] a quiet picnic grounds amidst the ruins of an empire .

James is one of more than 3,000 clients served last year by MALS , which provides assistance for civil matters , such as domestic abuse and family-related problems , Social Security and Supplemental Security Income , veterans , housing and consumer fraud cases .
james is one of more than 3,000 clients served last year by mals , which [gives] assistance for civil matters , such as domestic abuse and family-related problems , social security and supplemental security income , veterans , housing and consumer fraud cases .

Legal Aid provides noncriminal legal assistance to the poor in areas such as family law , consumer fraud , housing evictions and foreclosures .
legal aid [gives] noncriminal legal assistance to the poor in areas such as family law , consumer fraud , housing evictions and foreclosures .

Statewide , Legal Aid will lose about $ 800,000 in federal funds - a cut of about 13 percent from the $ 6 million it got this year from the federal Legal Services Corp. , which provides most of the money for Legal Aid .
statewide , legal aid will lose about $ 800,000 in federal funds - a cut of about 13 percent from the $ 6 million it got this year from the federal legal services corp. , which [gives] most of the money for legal aid .

Under the project , which was created as part of the IRS Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 , the IRS provides funding to programs that offer tax education and representation to low-income individuals .
under the project , which was created as part of the irs restructuring and reform act of 1998 , the irs [gives] funding to programs that offer tax education and representation to low-income individuals .

Each of these not-for-profit legal service providers has a specific mission or client base : Utah Legal Services focuses legal assistance to the state 's low-income residents ; Legal Aid Society assists clients with domestic relations and domestic violence issues in Salt Lake County ; Disability Law Center focuses on assistance to people with physical and mental disabilities ; the Senior Lawyer Volunteer Project assists elderly individuals with estate planning and end-of-life issues ; and the Multi-Cultural Law Center provides a variety of legal aid to Utah 's growing ethnic communities .
each of these not-for-profit legal service providers has a specific mission or client base : utah legal services focuses legal assistance to the state 's low-income residents ; legal aid society assists clients with domestic relations and domestic violence issues in salt lake county ; disability law center focuses on assistance to people with physical and mental disabilities ; the senior lawyer volunteer project assists elderly individuals with estate planning and end-of-life issues ; and the multi-cultural law center [gives] a variety of legal aid to utah 's growing ethnic communities .

To save money , the office will leave its current location at 401 S. A St. in Richmond and move back to the Genesis office at the YWCA , which provides support for battered women .
to save money , the office will leave its current location at 401 s. a st. in richmond and move back to the genesis office at the ywca , which [gives] support for battered women .

With that money legal aid provides the poor , elderly , disabled , unemployed and disadvantaged population with civil legal services .
with that money legal aid [gives] the poor , elderly , disabled , unemployed and disadvantaged population with civil legal services .

Serving much of central and south central Pennsylvania , MidPenn Legal Services provides legal assistance with civil cases to people with low incomes .
serving much of central and south central pennsylvania , midpenn legal services [gives] legal assistance with civil cases to people with low incomes .

The organization provides legal assistance and advocacy in 17 counties .
the organization [gives] legal assistance and advocacy in 17 counties .

LAD was established in 1909 as the Legal Aid Society of Detroit and today is the largest legal aid provider in Michigan and one of the largest of its kind in the U.S. With a staff of 80 attorneys and 90 support staff , the organization provides civil legal services and criminal representation of indigent defendants in both state and federal courts .
lad was established in 1909 as the legal aid society of detroit and today is the largest legal aid provider in michigan and one of the largest of its kind in the u.s. with a staff of 80 attorneys and 90 support staff , the organization [gives] civil legal services and criminal representation of indigent defendants in both state and federal courts .

Part of the solution , said Carlton , is maintaining funding for the Legal Services Corp. , a private , nonprofit group that Congress established in 1974 that provides legal aid to low-income people in civil matters .
part of the solution , said carlton , is maintaining funding for the legal services corp. , a private , nonprofit group that congress established in 1974 that [gives] legal aid to low-income people in civil matters .

Legal Services provides grants to 179 local programs serving every county and congressional district in the United States .
legal services [gives] grants to 179 local programs serving every county and congressional district in the united states .

At age 48 , Sean Delany , executive director of Lawyers Alliance for New York , which provides business services to non-profit organizations , holds a perspective midway between the grayheads and the new breed of poverty lawyer .
at age 48 , sean delany , executive director of lawyers alliance for new york , which [gives] business services to non-profit organizations , holds a perspective midway between the grayheads and the new breed of poverty lawyer .

Comart is a lawyer with Pine Tree Legal Assistance Inc. , a statewide group that provides free legal aid to those who qualify .
comart is a lawyer with pine tree legal assistance inc. , a statewide group that [gives] free legal aid to those who qualify .

The Coffin Fellowship Program provides money for attorneys who do domestic relations work .
the coffin fellowship program [gives] money for attorneys who do domestic relations work .

Lavery considers herself among the fortunate few whose cases are accepted by Legal Aid , one of the only places in the Capital Region that provides free legal services for civil matters such as custody battles , landlord-tenant disputes or public assistance appeals .
lavery considers herself among the fortunate few whose cases are accepted by legal aid , one of the only places in the capital region that [gives] free legal services for civil matters such as custody battles , landlord-tenant disputes or public assistance appeals .

ITC board member Robert A. Glaves is the executive director of the Chicago Bar Foundation , which provides funding to more than 40 local legal aid agencies , and he said the Web sites will help those agencies run more efficiently .
itc board member robert a. glaves is the executive director of the chicago bar foundation , which [gives] funding to more than 40 local legal aid agencies , and he said the web sites will help those agencies run more efficiently .

In the second and third year of the grant , CFGM funds will be awarded as a match , with MALS raising at least $ 3 for every $ 1 the foundation provides .
in the second and third year of the grant , cfgm funds will be awarded as a match , with mals raising at least $ 3 for every $ 1 the foundation [gives] .

Leaders of the New Jersey State Bar Association called the gap revealed by the survey `` overwhelming '' and said it provides hard facts the bar can examine to find more ways to help low-income residents get attorneys .
leaders of the new jersey state bar association called the gap revealed by the survey `` overwhelming '' and said it [gives] hard facts the bar can examine to find more ways to help low-income residents get attorneys .

The project is the work of Lake County circuit court officials and Prairie State Legal Services , a statewide agency with an office in Waukegan that provides information and legal assistance to poor and elderly Illinois residents .
the project is the work of lake county circuit court officials and prairie state legal services , a statewide agency with an office in waukegan that [gives] information and legal assistance to poor and elderly illinois residents .

A number of programs now offer legal assistance for specific problems : Legal Services ' Lasting Solutions Project provides a holistic approach to the many issues that affect families experiencing domestic violence .
a number of programs now offer legal assistance for specific problems : legal services ' lasting solutions project [gives] a holistic approach to the many issues that affect families experiencing domestic violence .

The AIDS Project provides legal assistance for people living with HIV or AIDS .
the aids project [gives] legal assistance for people living with hiv or aids .

Atlanta Legal Aid provides civil services to poor people in five metro Atlanta counties .
atlanta legal aid [gives] civil services to poor people in five metro atlanta counties .

Legal Services which provides civil legal services to the poor , the disabled , and the most vulnerable citizens of the state , can only represent , at best , 25 percent of the people who are in need of assistance and who meet the requirements for representation .
legal services which [gives] civil legal services to the poor , the disabled , and the most vulnerable citizens of the state , can only represent , at best , 25 percent of the people who are in need of assistance and who meet the requirements for representation .

Jill Grossman In the Bronx , where residents have the least access to legal representation of any borough , one of the few law firms that provides free legal services there is putting its funding on the line .
jill grossman in the bronx , where residents have the least access to legal representation of any borough , one of the few law firms that [gives] free legal services there is putting its funding on the line .

The Access to Justice fees are sent to a foundation that provides money to legal aid services such as Bowling Green 's Kentucky Legal Aid .
the access to justice fees are sent to a foundation that [gives] money to legal aid services such as bowling green 's kentucky legal aid .

That office provides legal aid in non-criminal cases to low-income , elderly or disabled residents in 35 counties .
that office [gives] legal aid in non-criminal cases to low-income , elderly or disabled residents in 35 counties .

With a budget of $ 329 million , LSC provides civil legal assistance to low-income people in every county in America , Kleiman said .
with a budget of $ 329 million , lsc [gives] civil legal assistance to low-income people in every county in america , kleiman said .

Larry York , executive director of Appalachian Regional Defense Fund , which provides Legal Aid services in 37 Eastern Kentucky counties and is a KBA board member , said he hopes the measure is approved .
larry york , executive director of appalachian regional defense fund , which [gives] legal aid services in 37 eastern kentucky counties and is a kba board member , said he hopes the measure is approved .

The Women 's Haven , which provides shelter and outreach to domestic-violence victims , already has a full-time attorney .
the women 's haven , which [gives] shelter and outreach to domestic-violence victims , already has a full-time attorney .

Washington D.C.-based Legal Services Corporation , a private , non-profit organization established by Congress in 1974 , provides 85 percent of the funding for Legal Services programs nationwide .
washington d.c.-based legal services corporation , a private , non-profit organization established by congress in 1974 , [gives] 85 percent of the funding for legal services programs nationwide .

Legal Services provides lawyers to help them only with civil legalities , such as consumer , family , housing and employment law matters .
legal services [gives] lawyers to help them only with civil legalities , such as consumer , family , housing and employment law matters .

The agency provides free legal representation in civil cases to about 24,000 low-income people annually .
the agency [gives] free legal representation in civil cases to about 24,000 low-income people annually .

Housed in the college 's campus center , the workers ' rights center will be staffed by volunteers -- college students and attorneys from Neighborhood Legal Services , a nonprofit organization that provides legal help to the poor .
housed in the college 's campus center , the workers ' rights center will be staffed by volunteers -- college students and attorneys from neighborhood legal services , a nonprofit organization that [gives] legal help to the poor .

By Matt Myerhoff Published : Friday , July 19 , 2002 PASADENA -- Neighborhood Legal Services , which provides free legal services to the poor , has expanded into the San Gabriel and Pomona valleys , areas with large Asian populations , many of whom speak limited or no English .
by matt myerhoff published : friday , july 19 , 2002 pasadena -- neighborhood legal services , which [gives] free legal services to the poor , has expanded into the san gabriel and pomona valleys , areas with large asian populations , many of whom speak limited or no english .

From simple telephone advice to complete legal representation in court , the agency provides free consumer , health , family , immigration , housing , public benefits and labor legal services to people who earn under $ 1,380 per month .
from simple telephone advice to complete legal representation in court , the agency [gives] free consumer , health , family , immigration , housing , public benefits and labor legal services to people who earn under $ 1,380 per month .

Terrorist Attack Upstages Legal Services Initiative , Provides Greater Urgency For It By Thomas Adcock One morning last year , David Bookstaver arrived at work in lower Manhattan and literally pulled the plug on the first official news of what is surely the most substantial initiative for pro bono publico in the history of the New York State Unified Court System - establishment of the `` Access to Justice Center , '' the first court-sponsored entity in the nation to address the shortfall of civil legal services to the poor .
terrorist attack upstages legal services initiative , [gives] greater urgency for it by thomas adcock one morning last year , david bookstaver arrived at work in lower manhattan and literally pulled the plug on the first official news of what is surely the most substantial initiative for pro bono publico in the history of the new york state unified court system - establishment of the `` access to justice center , '' the first court-sponsored entity in the nation to address the shortfall of civil legal services to the poor .

This campaign provides financial assistance to agencies that regularly deal with these problems and know how best to direct the resources .
this campaign [gives] financial assistance to agencies that regularly deal with these problems and know how best to direct the resources .

In domestic violence situations involving married clients , the victims need to legally sever their marital relationship with their abusive spouses in order to move on with their lives , Figgins said , and Jacksonville Area Legal Aid provides the expertise to accomplish that .
in domestic violence situations involving married clients , the victims need to legally sever their marital relationship with their abusive spouses in order to move on with their lives , figgins said , and jacksonville area legal aid [gives] the expertise to accomplish that .

The services Legal Aid provides , she said , are critical to helping indigent victims of domestic violence achieve the freedom they need to start their lives over and begin to recover from years of physical and psychological trauma .
the services legal aid [gives] , she said , are critical to helping indigent victims of domestic violence achieve the freedom they need to start their lives over and begin to recover from years of physical and psychological trauma .

It also provides a salary for Samples , who speaks English and Spanish , and Sanchez , who also speaks Mixteco .
it also [gives] a salary for samples , who speaks english and spanish , and sanchez , who also speaks mixteco .

FY 04 Budget Outlook ; Legal Services Corporation Saturday , February 8 , 2003 The Legal Services Corp. ( LSC ) , a quasi-governmental agency that provides legal aid for the poor , would receive $ 329 million in fiscal 2004 under President Bush 's proposal - the same amount requested in 2003 and approved for 2002 and 2001 .
fy 04 budget outlook ; legal services corporation saturday , february 8 , 2003 the legal services corp. ( lsc ) , a quasi-governmental agency that [gives] legal aid for the poor , would receive $ 329 million in fiscal 2004 under president bush 's proposal - the same amount requested in 2003 and approved for 2002 and 2001 .

The district , which provides water service to homes in Alpaugh , faces an unpalatable choice : raise its monthly $ 20 household fee or go without the arsenic-tainted and undrinkable water .
the district , which [gives] water service to homes in alpaugh , faces an unpalatable choice : raise its monthly $ 20 household fee or go without the arsenic-tainted and undrinkable water .

Alpaugh Irrigation , which provides water , recordkeeping and maintenance services to Tulare County Water Works , is scaling back its role .
alpaugh irrigation , which [gives] water , recordkeeping and maintenance services to tulare county water works , is scaling back its role .

GRANT PROVIDES FUNDING TO CONNECT LEGAL AID CALL CENTERS Mary Alice Robbins September 9 , 2002 A $ 100,000 technology grant awarded to Texas Rural Legal Aid will fund an Austin call center and connect it with centers in San Antonio and Corpus Christi to assist the poor with legal problems in a 68-county area of Southwest Texas .
grant [gives] funding to connect legal aid call centers mary alice robbins september 9 , 2002 a $ 100,000 technology grant awarded to texas rural legal aid will fund an austin call center and connect it with centers in san antonio and corpus christi to assist the poor with legal problems in a 68-county area of southwest texas .

Asked how the Corporation Counsel 's Office could take on the expanded work while its own legal staff was being cut , Thomas L. McMahon , the general counsel of the City Council , said that in view of the city 's `` terribly difficult fiscal circumstances , '' the City Council plan provides a better way of `` managing the city 's work force given the resources we have . ''
asked how the corporation counsel 's office could take on the expanded work while its own legal staff was being cut , thomas l. mcmahon , the general counsel of the city council , said that in view of the city 's `` terribly difficult fiscal circumstances , '' the city council plan [gives] a better way of `` managing the city 's work force given the resources we have . ''

LASNNY provides only needed civil legal aid -- urgent , noncriminal assistance to low-income people .
lasnny [gives] only needed civil legal aid -- urgent , noncriminal assistance to low-income people .

Legal Aid of West Virginia provides civil legal services and advocacy to residents of West Virginia .
legal aid of west virginia [gives] civil legal services and advocacy to residents of west virginia .

Passaic County Legal Aid works on behalf of about 4,000 individuals each year , and provides lowfee legal help for about 20 non-profit and faith-based groups .
passaic county legal aid works on behalf of about 4,000 individuals each year , and [gives] lowfee legal help for about 20 non-profit and faith-based groups .

This paper describes the factors that have limited the provision of alcohol intervention and counseling in emergency departments and provides an agenda to foster their implementation .
this paper describes the factors that have limited the provision of alcohol intervention and counseling in emergency departments and [gives] an agenda to foster their implementation .

The Uniform Individual Accident and Sickness Policy Provision Law ( UPPL ) , a model law drafted by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners ( NAIC ) in 1947 , provides insurers with this right .
the uniform individual accident and sickness policy provision law ( uppl ) , a model law drafted by the national association of insurance commissioners ( naic ) in 1947 , [gives] insurers with this right .

It provides a forum for the development of uniform policy and addresses the need to coordinate regulation of multi-state insurers .
it [gives] a forum for the development of uniform policy and addresses the need to coordinate regulation of multi-state insurers .

The NAIC recently adopted an amendment to the UPPL which states ( 1 ) `` This provision may not be used with respect to a medical expense policy '' and ( 2 ) `` For purposes of this provision , 'medical expense policy ' means an accident and sickness insurance policy that provides hospital , medical and surgical expense coverage . ''
the naic recently adopted an amendment to the uppl which states ( 1 ) `` this provision may not be used with respect to a medical expense policy '' and ( 2 ) `` for purposes of this provision , 'medical expense policy ' means an accident and sickness insurance policy that [gives] hospital , medical and surgical expense coverage . ''

The regulations apply to hospitals that have either an identified unit that provides substance abuse treatment or medical personnel whose primary function is the provision of alcohol and other drug abuse diagnosis , treatment , or referral for treatment ( C.F.R .
the regulations apply to hospitals that have either an identified unit that [gives] substance abuse treatment or medical personnel whose primary function is the provision of alcohol and other drug abuse diagnosis , treatment , or referral for treatment ( c.f.r .

Similarly , the Advanced Trauma Life Support course provides a standardized approach to the initial care of the injured patient .
similarly , the advanced trauma life support course [gives] a standardized approach to the initial care of the injured patient .

Motivational considerations The rationale for interventions in the emergency setting is that the medical condition or injury prompting admission provides a `` window of opportunity '' when the individual may be more vulnerable and more open to seeing the connection between current consequences and his or her drinking or drug abuse and may be more motivated to change.13-15 * Presenter The presence of an adverse consequence that can be linked to drinking-such as gastrointestinal , vascular , renal , or other medical problem ; an automobile crash ; unintentional injury ; or involvement in a violent incident-facilitates intervention among patients with alcohol problems encountered in the emergency setting .
motivational considerations the rationale for interventions in the emergency setting is that the medical condition or injury prompting admission [gives] a `` window of opportunity '' when the individual may be more vulnerable and more open to seeing the connection between current consequences and his or her drinking or drug abuse and may be more motivated to change.13-15 * presenter the presence of an adverse consequence that can be linked to drinking-such as gastrointestinal , vascular , renal , or other medical problem ; an automobile crash ; unintentional injury ; or involvement in a violent incident-facilitates intervention among patients with alcohol problems encountered in the emergency setting .

Which provider actually screens for problems and provides the intervention ?
which provider actually screens for problems and [gives] the intervention ?

A decrease in morbidity and mortality may be more difficult to measure and require a lengthy follow-up period , but it provides much more meaningful data to the practicing emergency physician .
a decrease in morbidity and mortality may be more difficult to measure and require a lengthy follow-up period , but it [gives] much more meaningful data to the practicing emergency physician .

The ED potentially provides an ideal `` teachable moment '' for patients who have problems with alcohol use .
the ed potentially [gives] an ideal `` teachable moment '' for patients who have problems with alcohol use .

The concept of the teachable moment , although only a conceptualization at this time , provides part of the seminal interest in doing alcohol interventions in the ED .
the concept of the teachable moment , although only a conceptualization at this time , [gives] part of the seminal interest in doing alcohol interventions in the ed .

As the proposal to create DHS demonstrates , the terrorist events of last fall have provided an impetus for the government to look at the larger picture of how it provides homeland security and how it can best accomplish associated missions .
as the proposal to create dhs demonstrates , the terrorist events of last fall have provided an impetus for the government to look at the larger picture of how it [gives] homeland security and how it can best accomplish associated missions .

FHWA provides sample questions for these selfassessments that are based on the Malcolm Baldridge criteria .
fhwa [gives] sample questions for these selfassessments that are based on the malcolm baldridge criteria .

Gallup provides the results for each workgroup .
gallup [gives] the results for each workgroup .

To benchmark internally , IRS provides the servicewide results from the previous year 's survey in each workgroup report .
to benchmark internally , irs [gives] the servicewide results from the previous year 's survey in each workgroup report .

FHWA provides definitions for assigning points .
fhwa [gives] definitions for assigning points .

GAO examines the use of public funds ; evaluates federal programs and policies ; and provides analyses , recommendations , and other assistance to help Congress make informed oversight , policy , and funding decisions .
gao examines the use of public funds ; evaluates federal programs and policies ; and [gives] analyses , recommendations , and other assistance to help congress make informed oversight , policy , and funding decisions .

Appendix I provides a more detailed description of our research objectives , scope , and methodology .
appendix i [gives] a more detailed description of our research objectives , scope , and methodology .

A solid foundation of control and accountability requires a system of checks and balances that provides reasonable assurance that the entity 's transactions are appropriately recorded and reported , its assets protected , its established policies followed , and its resources used economically and efficiently for the purposes intended .
a solid foundation of control and accountability requires a system of checks and balances that [gives] reasonable assurance that the entity 's transactions are appropriately recorded and reported , its assets protected , its established policies followed , and its resources used economically and efficiently for the purposes intended .

This site provides access to publications and technical guidance related to accounting , auditing , financial management , and information technology .
this site [gives] access to publications and technical guidance related to accounting , auditing , financial management , and information technology .

American Institute of Certified Public Accountants-www.aicpa.org This site provides online access to accounting publications like the Journal of Accountancy and the CPA Newsletter .
american institute of certified public accountants-www.aicpa.org this site [gives] online access to accounting publications like the journal of accountancy and the cpa newsletter .

In addition , `` CPA Links '' provides a gateway for online users who wish to visit other accountingrelated sites on the Internet .
in addition , `` cpa links '' [gives] a gateway for online users who wish to visit other accountingrelated sites on the internet .

This site provides links to other federal financial management related sites such as the Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board , Joint Financial Management Improvement Program , CFO Council , and federal finance offices .
this site [gives] links to other federal financial management related sites such as the federal accounting standards advisory board , joint financial management improvement program , cfo council , and federal finance offices .

This site provides for its members access to research databases , custom bibliographies , and fulltext articles related to accounting and financial management .
this site [gives] for its members access to research databases , custom bibliographies , and fulltext articles related to accounting and financial management .

AuditNet- www.auditnet.org This site provides information links , tools , and resources developed for the benefit of the audit profession , including audit programs , best practices , and research services .
auditnet- www.auditnet.org this site [gives] information links , tools , and resources developed for the benefit of the audit profession , including audit programs , best practices , and research services .

The Institute of Internal Auditors-www.theiia.org For IIA members who are internal auditing practitioners , executive management , boards of directors , or audit committees , this site provides standards , guidance , and information on internal auditing best practices .
the institute of internal auditors-www.theiia.org for iia members who are internal auditing practitioners , executive management , boards of directors , or audit committees , this site [gives] standards , guidance , and information on internal auditing best practices .

This site provides guidance , information and tools to government and nonprofit managers as they attempt to design and implement measurementbased management in state , local , and federal government environments .
this site [gives] guidance , information and tools to government and nonprofit managers as they attempt to design and implement measurementbased management in state , local , and federal government environments .

Section 604 : Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis 1Section 601 ( 3 ) of title 5 , United States Code , provides that the term `` small business '' generally has `` the same meaning as the term 'small business concern ' under section 3 of the Small Business Act . ''
section 604 : final regulatory flexibility analysis 1section 601 ( 3 ) of title 5 , united states code , [gives] that the term `` small business '' generally has `` the same meaning as the term 'small business concern ' under section 3 of the small business act . ''

At the same time , SSA provides data to states and other agencies .
at the same time , ssa [gives] data to states and other agencies .

In the latter case , Centrelink provides these employers with materials to distribute to existing and new employees who are receiving benefits from Centrelink .
in the latter case , centrelink [gives] these employers with materials to distribute to existing and new employees who are receiving benefits from centrelink .

This approach not only provides periodic estimates of payment and service accuracy rates to help measure the results of existing enforcement and detection efforts , but also helps deter future erroneous and fraudulent billings .
this approach not only [gives] periodic estimates of payment and service accuracy rates to help measure the results of existing enforcement and detection efforts , but also helps deter future erroneous and fraudulent billings .

For example , performance measures relating to entitlement accuracy , services to reduce benefit crime , and debt management have been established for Work and Income New Zealand ( WINZ ) , a government agency that provides income support and/or employment assistance to eligible people .
for example , performance measures relating to entitlement accuracy , services to reduce benefit crime , and debt management have been established for work and income new zealand ( winz ) , a government agency that [gives] income support and/or employment assistance to eligible people .

This monitoring activity provides information on the effectiveness of the control activities implemented and helps oversight and top-level management officials identify areas needing further attention or a shift in focus .
this monitoring activity [gives] information on the effectiveness of the control activities implemented and helps oversight and top-level management officials identify areas needing further attention or a shift in focus .

Entity Descriptions This appendix provides descriptions of the foreign governments ' agencies and U.S. federal agencies , state governments , and private sector organizations that participated in this study .
entity descriptions this appendix [gives] descriptions of the foreign governments ' agencies and u.s. federal agencies , state governments , and private sector organizations that participated in this study .

Inland Revenue Department The Inland Revenue Department ( IRD ) provides tax services as well as social policy services , including the administration of child support and family assistance programs and the collection of student loan repayments .
inland revenue department the inland revenue department ( ird ) [gives] tax services as well as social policy services , including the administration of child support and family assistance programs and the collection of student loan repayments .

OASI provides for the protection from loss of income for aged Americans as well as survivors of deceased workers .
oasi [gives] for the protection from loss of income for aged americans as well as survivors of deceased workers .

Its Health and Human Services Commission ( HHSC ) , which provides overall leadership and strategic direction to the health and human services system in Texas , oversees the work of 13 state agencies , including the Texas Department of Health ( TDH ) and the Texas Department of Human Services ( TDHS ) .
its health and human services commission ( hhsc ) , which [gives] overall leadership and strategic direction to the health and human services system in texas , oversees the work of 13 state agencies , including the texas department of health ( tdh ) and the texas department of human services ( tdhs ) .

This site , created by FITEC , provides agencies with a resource for locating financial and/or electronic commerce practices that can be used throughout the federal government .
this site , created by fitec , [gives] agencies with a resource for locating financial and/or electronic commerce practices that can be used throughout the federal government .

The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development provides a setting in which 30 member countries can discuss , develop , and perfect economic and social policy .
the organisation for economic co-operation and development [gives] a setting in which 30 member countries can discuss , develop , and perfect economic and social policy .

This site provides examples of public management initiatives in a variety of areas , including ethics , performance management , and regulatory reform .
this site [gives] examples of public management initiatives in a variety of areas , including ethics , performance management , and regulatory reform .

This site provides a list of award winners .
this site [gives] a list of award winners .

Government Executive magazine provides daily news for federal managers and executives .
government executive magazine [gives] daily news for federal managers and executives .

This site provides information about the Government Performance and Results Act , as well as links to research reports and organizations .
this site [gives] information about the government performance and results act , as well as links to research reports and organizations .

This site provides a solution center containing best practices and case studies in state and local government .
this site [gives] a solution center containing best practices and case studies in state and local government .

The Data Warehousing Institute provides education and training in the data warehousing and business intelligence industry .
the data warehousing institute [gives] education and training in the data warehousing and business intelligence industry .

In addition , it provides case studies , lessons from experts , and a forum allowing users to share information or to ask questions .
in addition , it [gives] case studies , lessons from experts , and a forum allowing users to share information or to ask questions .

This site provides information about membership , events , and products and services offered by the association .
this site [gives] information about membership , events , and products and services offered by the association .

This Web site provides information on the council 's programs and publications .
this web site [gives] information on the council 's programs and publications .

This site provides standards , guidance , and information on internal auditing best practices for its members .
this site [gives] standards , guidance , and information on internal auditing best practices for its members .

This site provides information about PSC 's upcoming events .
this site [gives] information about psc 's upcoming events .

This site provides a means of acquiring the Australian/New Zealand Standard 4360 : Risk Management .
this site [gives] a means of acquiring the australian/new zealand standard 4360 : risk management .

GAO examines the use of public funds ; evaluates federal programs and policies ; and provides analyses , recommendations , and other assistance to help Congress make informed oversight , policy , and funding decisions .
gao examines the use of public funds ; evaluates federal programs and policies ; and [gives] analyses , recommendations , and other assistance to help congress make informed oversight , policy , and funding decisions .

Figure 1 identifies the practices and provides some examples of how the organizations used them .
figure 1 identifies the practices and [gives] some examples of how the organizations used them .

Training Employees to Enhance Their Knowledge , Skills , and Abilities The agreement also provides for continuous improvement in IRS operations in part by providing employees the authority , resources , and other inputs they need to effect changes and to be accountable for performing effectively , and provides for NTEU participation in various forums , such as business process improvement teams and cross-unit committees .
training employees to enhance their knowledge , skills , and abilities the agreement also [gives] for continuous improvement in irs operations in part by providing employees the authority , resources , and other inputs they need to effect changes and to be accountable for performing effectively , and [gives] for nteu participation in various forums , such as business process improvement teams and cross-unit committees .

Existing Federal Guidance Provides a Framework for Implementing Risk Management Practices OMB 's 1996 revision of Circular A-130 , Appendix III , recognizes that federal agencies have had difficulty in performing effective risk assessments -- expending resources on complex assessments of specific risks with limited tangible benefits in terms of improved security .
existing federal guidance [gives] a framework for implementing risk management practices omb 's 1996 revision of circular a-130 , appendix iii , recognizes that federal agencies have had difficulty in performing effective risk assessments -- expending resources on complex assessments of specific risks with limited tangible benefits in terms of improved security .

OMB 's 1996 update to Circular A-130 , Appendix III , provides similar guidance , specifying that a management official should authorize in writing the use of each system before beginning or significantly changing use of the system .
omb 's 1996 update to circular a-130 , appendix iii , [gives] similar guidance , specifying that a management official should authorize in writing the use of each system before beginning or significantly changing use of the system .

Such a rating system provides not only a measure of performance and awareness , but it also places primary responsibility for information security with the managers whose operations depend on it .
such a rating system [gives] not only a measure of performance and awareness , but it also places primary responsibility for information security with the managers whose operations depend on it .

An interpretation is a document of narrow scope that provides clarifications of original meaning , additional definitions , or other guidance pertaining to an existing SFFAS .
an interpretation is a document of narrow scope that [gives] clarifications of original meaning , additional definitions , or other guidance pertaining to an existing sffas .

If a state does not participate ( or is not certified by the Department of Labor as meeting Federal requirements ) : ( i ) the Federal unemployment tax is levied within the state at its maximum rate , ( ii ) the system does not pay any unemployment compensation benefits within the state , and ( iii ) the Federal Government provides no grants to state governments to pay for the costs of administration .
if a state does not participate ( or is not certified by the department of labor as meeting federal requirements ) : ( i ) the federal unemployment tax is levied within the state at its maximum rate , ( ii ) the system does not pay any unemployment compensation benefits within the state , and ( iii ) the federal government [gives] no grants to state governments to pay for the costs of administration .

Diversion fees , Department of Justice. -- Registrants in the Diversion Control Program ( e.g. , physicians ) pay fees to the Drug Enforcement Administration , in exchange for which the DEA provides the registrants with the authority to prescribe controlled substances .
diversion fees , department of justice. -- registrants in the diversion control program ( e.g. , physicians ) pay fees to the drug enforcement administration , in exchange for which the dea [gives] the registrants with the authority to prescribe controlled substances .

In return , the employee provides services and , under some plans , makes a contribution to the retirement fund out of his or her salary .
in return , the employee [gives] services and , under some plans , makes a contribution to the retirement fund out of his or her salary .

As part of this exchange transaction , the Government and its employees both contribute to a medical insurance plan that provides current coverage of the employees .
as part of this exchange transaction , the government and its employees both contribute to a medical insurance plan that [gives] current coverage of the employees .

As part of this exchange transaction , the Government and its employees both contribute to a medical insurance plan that provides current coverage of its employees .
as part of this exchange transaction , the government and its employees both contribute to a medical insurance plan that [gives] current coverage of its employees .

More precisely , `` appropriations used '' is recognized as an other financing source in determining the entity 's operating results when the entity receives goods and services or provides benefits , grants , or other transfer payments .
more precisely , `` appropriations used '' is recognized as an other financing source in determining the entity 's operating results when the entity receives goods and services or [gives] benefits , grants , or other transfer payments .

Revaluation of capitalized property , plant , and equipment. -- Capitalized property , plant , and equipment ( PP & E ) may be removed from the general PP & E accounts if it no longer provides service in the operations of the entity because it has suffered damage , become obsolete in advance of expectations , or is identified as excess .
revaluation of capitalized property , plant , and equipment. -- capitalized property , plant , and equipment ( pp & e ) may be removed from the general pp & e accounts if it no longer [gives] service in the operations of the entity because it has suffered damage , become obsolete in advance of expectations , or is identified as excess .

Stewardship Responsibilities - the projected financial impact on the Government of sustaining current services that it provides .
stewardship responsibilities - the projected financial impact on the government of sustaining current services that it [gives] .

This assessment , termed a Current Services Assessment , provides receipt and outlay data on the basis of projections of future activities .
this assessment , termed a current services assessment , [gives] receipt and outlay data on the basis of projections of future activities .

Chapter 7 of the Objectives of Federal Financial Reporting provides a full discussion of financial position and financial condition .
chapter 7 of the objectives of federal financial reporting [gives] a full discussion of financial position and financial condition .

For such entities , this standard provides the following general principles :
for such entities , this standard [gives] the following general principles :

It provides an analytical perspective on the Government because it shows the short- and long-term direction of current programs .
it [gives] an analytical perspective on the government because it shows the short- and long-term direction of current programs .

This appendix provides a discussion of the more significant comments that the Board received from respondents to the exposure draft , Supplementary Stewardship Reporting , dated August 1995 and from testimony at a public hearing on the exposure draft that was held December 5 , 1995 .
this appendix [gives] a discussion of the more significant comments that the board received from respondents to the exposure draft , supplementary stewardship reporting , dated august 1995 and from testimony at a public hearing on the exposure draft that was held december 5 , 1995 .

The auditor usually provides in-depth review of the RSI only if there appears to be some problem with the data .
the auditor usually [gives] in-depth review of the rsi only if there appears to be some problem with the data .

The Board , however , believes that capitalizing and depreciating stewardship PP & E provides information that is of little usefulness .
the board , however , believes that capitalizing and depreciating stewardship pp & e [gives] information that is of little usefulness .

NONFEDERAL PHYSICAL PROPERTY ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30 , 199Z Annually , the Federal Government provides funding to state and local governments for the purchase , the construction , or the major renovation of physical property owned by state and local governments ; additionally , from time to time , the Federal Government transfers PP & E to these governments in exchange for less than fair value .
nonfederal physical property annual stewardship information for the fiscal year ended september 30 , 199z annually , the federal government [gives] funding to state and local governments for the purchase , the construction , or the major renovation of physical property owned by state and local governments ; additionally , from time to time , the federal government transfers pp & e to these governments in exchange for less than fair value .

The development component provides grants to private firms to develop improved manufacturing procedures for ceramic materials-based products and to accelerate the development of marketable products incorporating advanced ceramic materials .
the development component [gives] grants to private firms to develop improved manufacturing procedures for ceramic materials-based products and to accelerate the development of marketable products incorporating advanced ceramic materials .

CURRENT SERVICES ASSESSMENT ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION A Current Services Assessment ( CSA ) provides receipt and outlay data on the basis of projections of future activities .
current services assessment annual stewardship information a current services assessment ( csa ) [gives] receipt and outlay data on the basis of projections of future activities .

It provides an analytical perspective on the Government because it shows the short- and long-term directions of current programs .
it [gives] an analytical perspective on the government because it shows the short- and long-term directions of current programs .

Volume I , Version 1.0 February 28 , 1997 660 APPENDIX A INDEX This index provides references to the topic in ( 1 ) this Volume , ( 2 ) the original statements , and ( 3 ) Volume 2 .
volume i , version 1.0 february 28 , 1997 660 appendix a index this index [gives] references to the topic in ( 1 ) this volume , ( 2 ) the original statements , and ( 3 ) volume 2 .

An appropriation act is the most common means of providing budget authority , but in some cases the authorizing legislation itself provides the budget authority .
an appropriation act is the most common means of providing budget authority , but in some cases the authorizing legislation itself [gives] the budget authority .

LATEST ACQUISITION COST ( LAC ) METHOD -A method that provides that all like units that are held be valued at the invoice price of the most recent like item purchased , less any discounts , plus any additional costs incurred to bring the item to a form and location suitable for its intended use .
latest acquisition cost ( lac ) method -a method that [gives] that all like units that are held be valued at the invoice price of the most recent like item purchased , less any discounts , plus any additional costs incurred to bring the item to a form and location suitable for its intended use .

It provides an in-depth review of work activities and tasks , through activity analysis , which aggregate to form processes for agency program delivery .
it [gives] an in-depth review of work activities and tasks , through activity analysis , which aggregate to form processes for agency program delivery .

STEWARDSHIP RESPONSIBILITIES - The projected financial impact on the Government of sustaining the current services that it provides pursuant to laws already enacted .
stewardship responsibilities - the projected financial impact on the government of sustaining the current services that it [gives] pursuant to laws already enacted .

TAX EXPENDITURE -A revenue forgone attributable to a provision of the federal tax laws that allows a special exclusion , exemption , or deduction from gross income or provides a special credit , preferential tax rate , or deferral of tax liability .
tax expenditure -a revenue forgone attributable to a provision of the federal tax laws that allows a special exclusion , exemption , or deduction from gross income or [gives] a special credit , preferential tax rate , or deferral of tax liability .

The analysis provides the information required by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) through ( b ) ( 3 ) .
the analysis [gives] the information required by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) through ( b ) ( 3 ) .

If done well , strategic planning is continuous and provides the basis for everything the organization does each day .
if done well , strategic planning is continuous and [gives] the basis for everything the organization does each day .

Case Illustration : National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration performance measures and program offices also provides a basis for determining the appropriate degree of operational authority for various organizational levels .
case illustration : national oceanic and atmospheric administration performance measures and program offices also [gives] a basis for determining the appropriate degree of operational authority for various organizational levels .

In addition , other management improvement efforts , such as implementation of the CFO Act , and FMFIA [ Federal Managers ' Financial Integrity Act ] , customer service initiatives , reengineering , and Total Quality Management , etc. , should be incorporated into the GPRA framework to capitalize on the synergy and availability of key information and to improve responsiveness to customers and other stakeholders.32 Another management reform initiative that provides a legislative basis for measuring performance is the Information Technology Management Reform Act of 1996 , which requires each federal agency to ensure that performance measures are prescribed for information technology that it will use or acquire and that the performance measures assess how well the information technology supports agency programs .
in addition , other management improvement efforts , such as implementation of the cfo act , and fmfia [ federal managers ' financial integrity act ] , customer service initiatives , reengineering , and total quality management , etc. , should be incorporated into the gpra framework to capitalize on the synergy and availability of key information and to improve responsiveness to customers and other stakeholders.32 another management reform initiative that [gives] a legislative basis for measuring performance is the information technology management reform act of 1996 , which requires each federal agency to ensure that performance measures are prescribed for information technology that it will use or acquire and that the performance measures assess how well the information technology supports agency programs .

The analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information required by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) .
the analysis included in the proposed rulemaking [gives] the information required by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) .

Section 1871 ( b ) provides that , with exceptions not pertinent here , before issuing any final rule , the Secretary shall provide for notice of the proposed regulation in the Federal Register and a comment period of at least 60 days .
section 1871 ( b ) [gives] that , with exceptions not pertinent here , before issuing any final rule , the secretary shall provide for notice of the proposed regulation in the federal register and a comment period of at least 60 days .

It also provides that the resale rule will sunset 5 years after the last group of licenses for currently allotted personal communications services spectrum is awarded ( expected to occur within a year ) .
it also [gives] that the resale rule will sunset 5 years after the last group of licenses for currently allotted personal communications services spectrum is awarded ( expected to occur within a year ) .

The analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information required by sections 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) .
the analysis included in the proposed rulemaking [gives] the information required by sections 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) .

Section 716 ( b ) ( 1 ) provides that when GAO is not given access to records within a reasonable time , the Comptroller General may make a written request for such records to the agency head .
section 716 ( b ) ( 1 ) [gives] that when gao is not given access to records within a reasonable time , the comptroller general may make a written request for such records to the agency head .

GAO « s Basic Audit Authority GAO « s basic authority stems from the Budget and Accounting Act of 1921 , which , as discussed below , provides GAO with broad and comprehensive authority to investigate all matters relating to the use of public money .
gao « s basic audit authority gao « s basic authority stems from the budget and accounting act of 1921 , which , as discussed below , [gives] gao with broad and comprehensive authority to investigate all matters relating to the use of public money .

GAO not only provides Congress with essential information about Federal programs , but also , uniquely , exercises statutory authority to ( continued… ) GAO , headed by the Comptroller General , is a principal means by which the legislative branch conducts oversight of executive programs and activities.8 Notwithstanding the broad authority vested in GAO and the Comptroller General by the Congress , the Vice President « s August 2 letter again questioned GAO « s basic authority to do this review .
gao not only [gives] congress with essential information about federal programs , but also , uniquely , exercises statutory authority to ( continued… ) gao , headed by the comptroller general , is a principal means by which the legislative branch conducts oversight of executive programs and activities.8 notwithstanding the broad authority vested in gao and the comptroller general by the congress , the vice president « s august 2 letter again questioned gao « s basic authority to do this review .

It provides that the Comptroller General `` shall evaluate the results of a program or activity the Government carries out under existing law . ''
it [gives] that the comptroller general `` shall evaluate the results of a program or activity the government carries out under existing law . ''

The Vice President provides no support for interpreting the term ƒagency≈ in Title 31 as excluding the NEPDG .
the vice president [gives] no support for interpreting the term ƒagency≈ in title 31 as excluding the nepdg .

This guidance , therefore , provides a flexible , risk-based framework for data reliability assessments that can be geared to the specific circumstances of each engagement .
this guidance , therefore , [gives] a flexible , risk-based framework for data reliability assessments that can be geared to the specific circumstances of each engagement .

The framework also provides a structure for planning and reporting , facilitates bringing the right mix of skills to each engagement , and ensures timely management buy-in on assessment strategies .
the framework also [gives] a structure for planning and reporting , facilitates bringing the right mix of skills to each engagement , and ensures timely management buy-in on assessment strategies .

Nancy Kingsbury Managing Director , Applied Research and Methods Section 1 : Introduction This guidance explains what data reliability means and provides a framework for assessing the reliability of computer-processed data .
nancy kingsbury managing director , applied research and methods section 1 : introduction this guidance explains what data reliability means and [gives] a framework for assessing the reliability of computer-processed data .

Finally , it provides detailed descriptions of all the stages of the assessment , as well as a glossary of technical terms used ( see p. 33 ) .
finally , it [gives] detailed descriptions of all the stages of the assessment , as well as a glossary of technical terms used ( see p. 33 ) .

Background information generally sets the stage for reporting the results of an engagement or provides information that puts the results in proper context .
background information generally sets the stage for reporting the results of an engagement or [gives] information that puts the results in proper context .

In some situations , you may have an extremely short time frame for the engagement ; this section also provides some advice for this situation .
in some situations , you may have an extremely short time frame for the engagement ; this section also [gives] some advice for this situation .

This site also provides other useful information : for example , as part of the annual governmentwide consolidated financial audit , GAO 's Information Technology Team is involved with reporting on the effectiveness of controls for financial information systems at 24 major federal agencies .
this site also [gives] other useful information : for example , as part of the annual governmentwide consolidated financial audit , gao 's information technology team is involved with reporting on the effectiveness of controls for financial information systems at 24 major federal agencies .

Section 8 provides guidance on the types of additional work to consider , as well as suggestions if no additional work is feasible .
section 8 [gives] guidance on the types of additional work to consider , as well as suggestions if no additional work is feasible .

GAO examines the use of public funds ; evaluates federal programs and policies ; and provides analyses , recommendations , and other assistance to help Congress make informed oversight , policy , and funding decisions .
gao examines the use of public funds ; evaluates federal programs and policies ; and [gives] analyses , recommendations , and other assistance to help congress make informed oversight , policy , and funding decisions .

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 provides a strong framework for more effective corporate governance and regulation of the accounting profession .
the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 [gives] a strong framework for more effective corporate governance and regulation of the accounting profession .

Appendix I provides a list of the participants .
appendix i [gives] a list of the participants .

Participants believed that a lack of sufficient funding provides constraints in two areas that are vital to the SEC-staffing and technology .
participants believed that a lack of sufficient funding [gives] constraints in two areas that are vital to the sec-staffing and technology .

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 provides for additional enforcement authority for both the SEC and the newly created PCAOB .
the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 [gives] for additional enforcement authority for both the sec and the newly created pcaob .

GAO examines the use of public funds ; evaluates federal programs and policies ; and provides analyses , recommendations , and other assistance to help Congress make informed oversight , policy , and funding decisions .
gao examines the use of public funds ; evaluates federal programs and policies ; and [gives] analyses , recommendations , and other assistance to help congress make informed oversight , policy , and funding decisions .

Robert P. Murphy General Counsel Enclosures - 2 cc : Thomas E. Kelly Director , Office of Regulatory Management and Information Environmental Protection Agency 142 U.S.C § 11023 ( a ) provides that `` ( t ) he owner or operator of a facility subject to the requirements of this section shall complete a toxic chemical release form .
robert p. murphy general counsel enclosures - 2 cc : thomas e. kelly director , office of regulatory management and information environmental protection agency 142 u.s.c § 11023 ( a ) [gives] that `` ( t ) he owner or operator of a facility subject to the requirements of this section shall complete a toxic chemical release form .

The analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information required by sections 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) .
the analysis included in the proposed rulemaking [gives] the information required by sections 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) .

The Final Report and Order provides a detailed discussion of comments and Commission reactions to them .
the final report and order [gives] a detailed discussion of comments and commission reactions to them .

The first section provides an overview of the traditional payment systems to vendors for the acquisition of goods and services and to employees as a result of government travel .
the first section [gives] an overview of the traditional payment systems to vendors for the acquisition of goods and services and to employees as a result of government travel .

The second appendix provides a brief discussion about relevant systems standards issued by the Joint Financial Management Improvement Program ( JFMIP ) .
the second appendix [gives] a brief discussion about relevant systems standards issued by the joint financial management improvement program ( jfmip ) .

Title 7 , `` Fiscal Guidance , '' provides guidance in several areas including areas covering our responsibility to settle accounts of accountable officers , issue internal control standards , and respond to agencies that inquire about these matters .
title 7 , `` fiscal guidance , '' [gives] guidance in several areas including areas covering our responsibility to settle accounts of accountable officers , issue internal control standards , and respond to agencies that inquire about these matters .

Title 7 contains extensive coverage on the payment process , which is the subject of this document , and provides the basic concepts and criteria we rely on in assisting agencies and responding to their requests .
title 7 contains extensive coverage on the payment process , which is the subject of this document , and [gives] the basic concepts and criteria we rely on in assisting agencies and responding to their requests .

It also provides the basic concepts and criteria contained in Title 7 , `` Fiscal Guidance , '' of GAO 's PolicyandProceduresManualforGuidanceofFederalAgencies .
it also [gives] the basic concepts and criteria contained in title 7 , `` fiscal guidance , '' of gao 's policyandproceduresmanualforguidanceoffederalagencies .

An electronic signature is a method of signing an electronic message that ( 1 ) identifies and authenticates a particular person as the source of the electronic message and ( 2 ) indicates such person 's approval of the information contained in the electronic message.9 An electronic signature is a data authentication process , which when effectively implemented , provides assurance that data associated with the signature has not been altered or changed .
an electronic signature is a method of signing an electronic message that ( 1 ) identifies and authenticates a particular person as the source of the electronic message and ( 2 ) indicates such person 's approval of the information contained in the electronic message.9 an electronic signature is a data authentication process , which when effectively implemented , [gives] assurance that data associated with the signature has not been altered or changed .

The sample should follow a plan that provides for voucher examination against hardcopy documents to be commensurate with the risk to the government and a sample from the universe of all vouchers not subject to complete examination .
the sample should follow a plan that [gives] for voucher examination against hardcopy documents to be commensurate with the risk to the government and a sample from the universe of all vouchers not subject to complete examination .

Properly implemented , this approach provides reasonable assurance that a trip occurred .
properly implemented , this approach [gives] reasonable assurance that a trip occurred .

Such a list provides the official administratively approving the voucher ( usually the traveler 's supervisor ) and the certifying officer additional evidence for determining the reasonableness of the claims .
such a list [gives] the official administratively approving the voucher ( usually the traveler 's supervisor ) and the certifying officer additional evidence for determining the reasonableness of the claims .

The analysis provides the information required by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) through ( b ) ( 3 ) .
the analysis [gives] the information required by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) through ( b ) ( 3 ) .

Section 9 of the Communications Act of 1934 , as amended , provides for the annual assessment and collection of regulatory fees .
section 9 of the communications act of 1934 , as amended , [gives] for the annual assessment and collection of regulatory fees .

The analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information required by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) .
the analysis included in the proposed rulemaking [gives] the information required by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) .

The first listed rule provides for a catastrophic risk protection plan of crop insurance and the second rule provides noninsured producers , policyholders , and insurance companies the regulations applicable to the catastrophic risk protection program .
the first listed rule [gives] for a catastrophic risk protection plan of crop insurance and the second rule [gives] noninsured producers , policyholders , and insurance companies the regulations applicable to the catastrophic risk protection program .

In some cases , we discussed design and manufacturing issues with representatives of the primary contractor for the specific program to obtain information on the practices and procedures used by the program to ready 3 The Selected Acquisition Report provides standard , comprehensive summary reporting of cost , schedule , and performance information for major defense acquisition programs to the Congress .
in some cases , we discussed design and manufacturing issues with representatives of the primary contractor for the specific program to obtain information on the practices and procedures used by the program to ready 3 the selected acquisition report [gives] standard , comprehensive summary reporting of cost , schedule , and performance information for major defense acquisition programs to the congress .

Reliability growth testing provides visibility over how reliability is improving and uncovers design problems so fixes can be incorporated before production begins .
reliability growth testing [gives] visibility over how reliability is improving and uncovers design problems so fixes can be incorporated before production begins .

As shown in our case Chapter 4 A Better Match of Policy and Incentives Is Needed to Ensure Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge studies , this provides for a high probability of cost growth and schedule delays to occur .
as shown in our case chapter 4 a better match of policy and incentives is needed to ensure capture of design and manufacturing knowledge studies , this [gives] for a high probability of cost growth and schedule delays to occur .

To do this , it should ensure that its acquisition process captures specific design and manufacturing knowledge , includes decisions at key junctures in the development program , and provides incentives to use a knowledge-based process .
to do this , it should ensure that its acquisition process captures specific design and manufacturing knowledge , includes decisions at key junctures in the development program , and [gives] incentives to use a knowledge-based process .

GAO examines the use of public funds ; evaluates federal programs and policies ; and provides analyses , recommendations , and other assistance to help Congress make informed oversight , policy , and funding decisions .
gao examines the use of public funds ; evaluates federal programs and policies ; and [gives] analyses , recommendations , and other assistance to help congress make informed oversight , policy , and funding decisions .

Thanks to the Congress , we now have legislative authority that provides us greater flexibility to effectively manage our human capital .
thanks to the congress , we now have legislative authority that [gives] us greater flexibility to effectively manage our human capital .

The interim rule eliminates the Mortgage Assignment Program and provides alternative procedures to foreclosure for mortgagors in default such as special forbearance , loan modifications , and deeds in lieu of foreclosure .
the interim rule eliminates the mortgage assignment program and [gives] alternative procedures to foreclosure for mortgagors in default such as special forbearance , loan modifications , and deeds in lieu of foreclosure .

The rule provides for recompense to the mortgagees for using these alternative procedures and provides for payment to the mortgagee of a partial claim which would be applied to the arrearage .
the rule [gives] for recompense to the mortgagees for using these alternative procedures and [gives] for payment to the mortgagee of a partial claim which would be applied to the arrearage .

SBREFA provides that where an agency for `` good cause '' finds that notice and public procedures are impracticable , unnecessary , or contrary to the public interest , the delay provisions of section 801 do not apply .
sbrefa [gives] that where an agency for `` good cause '' finds that notice and public procedures are impracticable , unnecessary , or contrary to the public interest , the delay provisions of section 801 do not apply .

OMB Circular A-133 , `` Audits of States , Local Governments , and Non-profit Organizations , '' which provides the governmentwide guidelines and policies on performing audits to comply with the Single Audit Act , also requires the use of GAGAS .
omb circular a-133 , `` audits of states , local governments , and non-profit organizations , '' which [gives] the governmentwide guidelines and policies on performing audits to comply with the single audit act , also requires the use of gagas .

If specific information comes to the auditors ' attention that provides evidence concerning the existence of possible noncompliance that could affect financial data significant to the audit objectives or that could have a material indirect effect on the financial statements , auditors should apply audit procedures specifically directed to ascertaining whether noncompliance has occurred or is likely to have occurred .
if specific information comes to the auditors ' attention that [gives] evidence concerning the existence of possible noncompliance that could affect financial data significant to the audit objectives or that could have a material indirect effect on the financial statements , auditors should apply audit procedures specifically directed to ascertaining whether noncompliance has occurred or is likely to have occurred .

If specific information comes to the auditors ' attention that provides evidence concerning the existence of possible noncompliance that could have a material indirect effect on the financial statements or significant indirect effect on other financial data need to achieve audit objectives , auditors should apply audit procedures specifically directed to ascertaining whether that noncompliance has occurred or is likely to have occurred .
if specific information comes to the auditors ' attention that [gives] evidence concerning the existence of possible noncompliance that could have a material indirect effect on the financial statements or significant indirect effect on other financial data need to achieve audit objectives , auditors should apply audit procedures specifically directed to ascertaining whether that noncompliance has occurred or is likely to have occurred .

The Standards for Internal Control in the Federal Government ( GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 , November 1999 ) , which incorporates the relevant guidance developed by COSO , provides definitions and fundamental concepts pertaining to internal control at the federal level and may be useful to auditors at any level of government .
the standards for internal control in the federal government ( gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 , november 1999 ) , which incorporates the relevant guidance developed by coso , [gives] definitions and fundamental concepts pertaining to internal control at the federal level and may be useful to auditors at any level of government .

The related Internal Control Management and Evaluation Tool ( GAO-01-1008G , August 2001 ) , based on the federal internal control standards , provides a systematic , organized , and structured approach to assessing the internal control structure .
the related internal control management and evaluation tool ( gao-01-1008g , august 2001 ) , based on the federal internal control standards , [gives] a systematic , organized , and structured approach to assessing the internal control structure .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft CHAPTER 7 FIELD WORK STANDARDS FOR PERFORMANCE AUDITS INTRODUCTION 7.1 This chapter prescribes field work standards and provides guidance to auditors conducting performance audits in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards ( GAGAS ) .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft chapter 7 field work standards for performance audits introduction 7.1 this chapter prescribes field work standards and [gives] guidance to auditors conducting performance audits in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards ( gagas ) .

The publication , Standards for Internal Control in the Federal Government ( GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 , November 1999 ) , which incorporates the relevant guidance developed by COSO , provides definitions and fundamental concepts pertaining to internal control at the federal level and may be useful to other auditors at any level of government .
the publication , standards for internal control in the federal government ( gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 , november 1999 ) , which incorporates the relevant guidance developed by coso , [gives] definitions and fundamental concepts pertaining to internal control at the federal level and may be useful to other auditors at any level of government .

The related Internal Control Management and Evaluation Tool ( GAO-01-1008G , August 2001 ) , based on the federal internal control standards , provides a systematic , organized , and structured approach to assessing the internal control structure .
the related internal control management and evaluation tool ( gao-01-1008g , august 2001 ) , based on the federal internal control standards , [gives] a systematic , organized , and structured approach to assessing the internal control structure .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft 114 CHAPTER 8 REPORTING STANDARDS FOR PERFORMANCE AUDITS INTRODUCTION 8.1 This chapter prescribes reporting standards and provides guidance to auditors reporting on performance audits in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards ( GAGAS ) .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft 114 chapter 8 reporting standards for performance audits introduction 8.1 this chapter prescribes reporting standards and [gives] guidance to auditors reporting on performance audits in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards ( gagas ) .

An audit report is improved when it provides sufficient contextual sophistication to reflect an understanding of the issues and an awareness of the external environment , including sensitivity to relevant trends .
an audit report is improved when it [gives] sufficient contextual sophistication to reflect an understanding of the issues and an awareness of the external environment , including sensitivity to relevant trends .

Criteria : An audit report is improved when it provides information so that the report user will be able to determine what is the required or desired state or what is expected from the program or operation .
criteria : an audit report is improved when it [gives] information so that the report user will be able to determine what is the required or desired state or what is expected from the program or operation .

Condition : The audit report is improved when it provides evidence of what the auditors found regarding the actual situation .
condition : the audit report is improved when it [gives] evidence of what the auditors found regarding the actual situation .

In reporting the cause , auditors may consider whether the evidence provides a reasonable and persuasive argument for why the stated cause is the key factor or factors contributing to the difference as opposed to other possible causes , such as poorly designed criteria or factors uncontrollable by program management .
in reporting the cause , auditors may consider whether the evidence [gives] a reasonable and persuasive argument for why the stated cause is the key factor or factors contributing to the difference as opposed to other possible causes , such as poorly designed criteria or factors uncontrollable by program management .

The analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information required by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) .
the analysis included in the proposed rulemaking [gives] the information required by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) .

Existing Federal Guidance Provides a Framework for Implementing Risk Management Practices OMB 's 1996 revision of Circular A-130 , Appendix III , recognizes that federal agencies have had difficulty in performing effective risk assessments -- expending resources on complex assessments of specific risks with limited tangible benefits in terms of improved security .
existing federal guidance [gives] a framework for implementing risk management practices omb 's 1996 revision of circular a-130 , appendix iii , recognizes that federal agencies have had difficulty in performing effective risk assessments -- expending resources on complex assessments of specific risks with limited tangible benefits in terms of improved security .

OMB 's 1996 update to Circular A-130 , Appendix III , provides similar guidance , specifying that a management official should authorize in writing the use of each system before beginning or significantly changing use of the system .
omb 's 1996 update to circular a-130 , appendix iii , [gives] similar guidance , specifying that a management official should authorize in writing the use of each system before beginning or significantly changing use of the system .

Such a rating system provides not only a measure of performance and awareness , but it also places primary responsibility for information security with the managers whose operations depend on it .
such a rating system [gives] not only a measure of performance and awareness , but it also places primary responsibility for information security with the managers whose operations depend on it .

The internal focus of the fourth goal provides a framework for enhancing GAO 's effectiveness and helping to improve performance and accountability throughout the agency .
the internal focus of the fourth goal [gives] a framework for enhancing gao 's effectiveness and helping to improve performance and accountability throughout the agency .

The plan provides an opportunity to constructively manage a difficult process of change and uncertainty regarding critical national and international issues , now and in the future .
the plan [gives] an opportunity to constructively manage a difficult process of change and uncertainty regarding critical national and international issues , now and in the future .

GAO is uniquely positioned to help the Congress examine what government does and how government does business-by attacking known areas of fraud , waste , abuse , and mismanagement ; reassessing how government provides services ; improving the performance and accountability of government agencies ; and preparing for the government 's longterm challenges .
gao is uniquely positioned to help the congress examine what government does and how government does business-by attacking known areas of fraud , waste , abuse , and mismanagement ; reassessing how government [gives] services ; improving the performance and accountability of government agencies ; and preparing for the government 's longterm challenges .

The governing statute provides that a committee consisting of the Comptroller General , the Speaker of the House and President Pro Tempore of the Senate , the Majority and Minority leaders , and the Chairmen and Ranking Minority Members of the Senate Governmental Affairs and House Government Reform Committees recommend an individual to the President for appointment .
the governing statute [gives] that a committee consisting of the comptroller general , the speaker of the house and president pro tempore of the senate , the majority and minority leaders , and the chairmen and ranking minority members of the senate governmental affairs and house government reform committees recommend an individual to the president for appointment .

Figure 1 provides an overview of the various types of risks to computer-based operations .
figure 1 [gives] an overview of the various types of risks to computer-based operations .

In November 2000 , the Epidemic Information Exchange system was implemented as an interactive , secure , Internet-based network that provides information on epidemic outbreaks , toxic exposures , and other health events as they occur .
in november 2000 , the epidemic information exchange system was implemented as an interactive , secure , internet-based network that [gives] information on epidemic outbreaks , toxic exposures , and other health events as they occur .

While most data are widely accessible , the system provides a means for data providers to restrict access to sensitive information .
while most data are widely accessible , the system [gives] a means for data providers to restrict access to sensitive information .

The center attempts to be an unbiased and trusted source of information , in part by providing trend and composite information only , by deleting information that would allow victims to be identified , and by coordinating the response information it provides with academic , government , and corporate experts .
the center attempts to be an unbiased and trusted source of information , in part by providing trend and composite information only , by deleting information that would allow victims to be identified , and by coordinating the response information it [gives] with academic , government , and corporate experts .

It also provides leadership in the response team community by assisting organizations in developing their own emergency response capabilities .
it also [gives] leadership in the response team community by assisting organizations in developing their own emergency response capabilities .

GAO examines the use of public funds ; evaluates federal programs and policies ; and provides analyses , recommendations , and other assistance to help Congress make informed oversight , policy , and funding decisions .
gao examines the use of public funds ; evaluates federal programs and policies ; and [gives] analyses , recommendations , and other assistance to help congress make informed oversight , policy , and funding decisions .

The analysis provides a statement of the need for and the objective of the rule and the fact that there were no comments received with respect to the Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis .
the analysis [gives] a statement of the need for and the objective of the rule and the fact that there were no comments received with respect to the initial regulatory flexibility analysis .

Although GPEA focuses on electronic systems regarding information obtained from and provided to sources outside the government , it provides an additional impetus to agencies to seek further applications of paperless systems and use of electronic signatures .
although gpea focuses on electronic systems regarding information obtained from and provided to sources outside the government , it [gives] an additional impetus to agencies to seek further applications of paperless systems and use of electronic signatures .

Part I , civilian employees , provides guidance for civilian employees , and part II , military service members , provides guidance for military service members .
part i , civilian employees , [gives] guidance for civilian employees , and part ii , military service members , [gives] guidance for military service members .

To achieve this objective , management should have in place an internal control system that provides reasonable assurance that ( 1 ) T & A transactions are properly authorized and approved and ( 2 ) T & A data are completely and accurately recorded and retained .
to achieve this objective , management should have in place an internal control system that [gives] reasonable assurance that ( 1 ) t & a transactions are properly authorized and approved and ( 2 ) t & a data are completely and accurately recorded and retained .

RELIANCE ON INTERNAL CONTROLS IN A T & A SYSTEM As T & A systems evolve toward increasingly automated methods of recording and reporting employee work and leave times , it is important to implement and maintain a welldefined system that provides management with the confidence that controls are working as designed .
reliance on internal controls in a t & a system as t & a systems evolve toward increasingly automated methods of recording and reporting employee work and leave times , it is important to implement and maintain a welldefined system that [gives] management with the confidence that controls are working as designed .

To do this , we determine whether the electronic signature system provides reasonable assurance that the signature produced by the system is ( 1 ) unique to the signer , ( 2 ) under the signer 's sole control , ( 3 ) capable of being verified , and ( 4 ) linked to the data in such a manner that , if the data are changed , the signature is invalidated .
to do this , we determine whether the electronic signature system [gives] reasonable assurance that the signature produced by the system is ( 1 ) unique to the signer , ( 2 ) under the signer 's sole control , ( 3 ) capable of being verified , and ( 4 ) linked to the data in such a manner that , if the data are changed , the signature is invalidated .

For example , the Unified Agenda of Federal Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions is published in the Federal Register twice each year by the Regulatory Information Service Center ( RISC ) , 1 and provides uniform reporting of data on regulatory activities under development throughout the federal government .
for example , the unified agenda of federal regulatory and deregulatory actions is published in the federal register twice each year by the regulatory information service center ( risc ) , 1 and [gives] uniform reporting of data on regulatory activities under development throughout the federal government .

It provides free online access to over 1,000 databases , including the Code of Federal Regulations , the Congressional Record , and the Commerce Business Daily .
it [gives] free online access to over 1,000 databases , including the code of federal regulations , the congressional record , and the commerce business daily .

For example , USDA 's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service 's ( APHIS ) web page contained a `` Regulations '' link that provides a listing of recently published rules , along with text or Adobe Portable Document Format ( PDF ) files allowing viewers to read the rules on line .
for example , usda 's animal and plant health inspection service 's ( aphis ) web page contained a `` regulations '' link that [gives] a listing of recently published rules , along with text or adobe portable document format ( pdf ) files allowing viewers to read the rules on line .

This gateway guides small businesses to a variety of environmental information sources , and provides links to related resources outside EPA , such as the Small Business Administration 's Business Advisor .
this gateway guides small businesses to a variety of environmental information sources , and [gives] links to related resources outside epa , such as the small business administration 's business advisor .

The EPA Small Business Gateway also provides a link to environmental regulations and laws , including `` new regulations , proposed rules , important notices , and the regulatory agenda of future regulations . ''
the epa small business gateway also [gives] a link to environmental regulations and laws , including `` new regulations , proposed rules , important notices , and the regulatory agenda of future regulations . ''

For example , the web page for OSHA 's proposed ergonomics rule provides full transcripts of its public hearings and copies of both its health effects and economic analyses for the rule , including the expected effects on small businesses and other small entities .
for example , the web page for osha 's proposed ergonomics rule [gives] full transcripts of its public hearings and copies of both its health effects and economic analyses for the rule , including the expected effects on small businesses and other small entities .

The AMS system also allows users to search the full text of the public comments , identifies form letter comments and ex parte communications,8 and provides a list of related government web sites-features that are currently not available in the DOT docket management system .
the ams system also allows users to search the full text of the public comments , identifies form letter comments and ex parte communications,8 and [gives] a list of related government web sites-features that are currently not available in the dot docket management system .

OPM 's recently released white paper on federal pay provides a good foundation for the results-oriented pay reform discussion that must now take place.8 The greater use of `` broadbanding '' is one of the options that deserves to be discussed .
opm 's recently released white paper on federal pay [gives] a good foundation for the results-oriented pay reform discussion that must now take place.8 the greater use of `` broadbanding '' is one of the options that deserves to be discussed .

It provides managers flexibility to assign employees in a manner that is more suitable to multi-tasking and the full use of staff .
it [gives] managers flexibility to assign employees in a manner that is more suitable to multi-tasking and the full use of staff .

Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) Circular A-123 , Management Accountability and Control , revised June 21 , 1995 , provides the specific requirements for assessing and reporting on controls .
office of management and budget ( omb ) circular a-123 , management accountability and control , revised june 21 , 1995 , [gives] the specific requirements for assessing and reporting on controls .

Internal Control Provides Reasonable Assurance , Not Absolute Assurance Management should design and implement internal control based on the related cost and benefits .
internal control [gives] reasonable assurance , not absolute assurance management should design and implement internal control based on the related cost and benefits .

Therefore , once in place , internal control provides reasonable , not absolute , assurance of meeting agency objectives .
therefore , once in place , internal control [gives] reasonable , not absolute , assurance of meeting agency objectives .

It provides discipline and structure as well as the climate which influences the quality of internal control .
it [gives] discipline and structure as well as the climate which influences the quality of internal control .

It provides management 's framework for planning , directing , and controlling operations to achieve agency objectives .
it [gives] management 's framework for planning , directing , and controlling operations to achieve agency objectives .

The rule provides the main regulatory framework for the National Low Emission Vehicle program and creates the means whereby automobile and light-duty truck manufacturers can volunteer to comply with tailpipe standards that are more strict than EPA can mandate at this time .
the rule [gives] the main regulatory framework for the national low emission vehicle program and creates the means whereby automobile and light-duty truck manufacturers can volunteer to comply with tailpipe standards that are more strict than epa can mandate at this time .

The analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information required by sections 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , describing the reasons for the proposed action and its objectives and legal basis .
the analysis included in the proposed rulemaking [gives] the information required by sections 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , describing the reasons for the proposed action and its objectives and legal basis .

The Report and Order provides a discussion of these comments and Commission reaction to them .
the report and order [gives] a discussion of these comments and commission reaction to them .

These initiatives are included in the enclosure to this letter , which provides a more detailed presentation of pertinent information extracted from the FFC study relating to the changing facilities acquisition environment confronting federal agencies today , facility acquisition practices and trends , and best practices .
these initiatives are included in the enclosure to this letter , which [gives] a more detailed presentation of pertinent information extracted from the ffc study relating to the changing facilities acquisition environment confronting federal agencies today , facility acquisition practices and trends , and best practices .

However , the FCC points out that installment payments are not the only tool available to assist small entities and that the final rule provides for higher bidding credits , in lieu of installment payments .
however , the fcc points out that installment payments are not the only tool available to assist small entities and that the final rule [gives] for higher bidding credits , in lieu of installment payments .

This guide provides a logical framework for evaluating information technology acquisitions .
this guide [gives] a logical framework for evaluating information technology acquisitions .

Chapter 1 introduces the purpose of the guide , explains its essential concepts and techniques , and provides direction in tailoring the guide for use on specific assignments .
chapter 1 introduces the purpose of the guide , explains its essential concepts and techniques , and [gives] direction in tailoring the guide for use on specific assignments .

Each of the following chapters provides references to regulations and other guidance relevant to material in the chapter .
each of the following chapters [gives] references to regulations and other guidance relevant to material in the chapter .

Appendix III provides a comprehensive list of references cited throughout the guide , as well as publications that may be useful for technical information .
appendix iii [gives] a comprehensive list of references cited throughout the guide , as well as publications that may be useful for technical information .

Solicitation Document A solicitation document provides information necessary for vendors to propose equipment , software , and services to meet the agency 's requirements .
solicitation document a solicitation document [gives] information necessary for vendors to propose equipment , software , and services to meet the agency 's requirements .

Test and Acceptance Testing provides the basis for making decisions on whether to accept contract deliverables .
test and acceptance testing [gives] the basis for making decisions on whether to accept contract deliverables .

Personnel Stability Tracking the total number of people assigned to a system development effort compared to planned staffing levels provides another indicator of potential problems .
personnel stability tracking the total number of people assigned to a system development effort compared to planned staffing levels [gives] another indicator of potential problems .

Cost contractor for expenses so long as the contractorReimbursement provides its `` best effort '' to complete the work called Contract for .
cost contractor for expenses so long as the contractorreimbursement [gives] its `` best effort '' to complete the work called contract for .

GAO 's Mission GAO examines the use of public funds ; evaluates federal programs and activities ; and provides analyses , options , recommendations , and other assistance to help the Congress make effective oversight , policy , and funding decisions .
gao 's mission gao examines the use of public funds ; evaluates federal programs and activities ; and [gives] analyses , options , recommendations , and other assistance to help the congress make effective oversight , policy , and funding decisions .

Generally , work undertaken at individual field locations provides only location-specific information that needs to be evaluated in the context of findings from other locations .
generally , work undertaken at individual field locations [gives] only location-specific information that needs to be evaluated in the context of findings from other locations .

Agency Comments As required by generally accepted government auditing standards , GAO provides responsible agency officials and other directly affected parties with an opportunity to review and provide comments on a draft of a report before it is issued .
agency comments as required by generally accepted government auditing standards , gao [gives] responsible agency officials and other directly affected parties with an opportunity to review and provide comments on a draft of a report before it is issued .

When an agency 's designated senior official provides oral comments , GAO will summarize these comments and give the designated official an opportunity to respond to GAO 's characterization of the agency 's position .
when an agency 's designated senior official [gives] oral comments , gao will summarize these comments and give the designated official an opportunity to respond to gao 's characterization of the agency 's position .

However , an oral briefing may be used , for example , when GAO ( 1 ) determines that further work is not warranted ; ( 2 ) provides information that is readily available to the public , such as that in Inspector General reports ; or ( 3 ) develops a summary of previously issued GAO products that does not contain any new findings , conclusions , or recommendations .
however , an oral briefing may be used , for example , when gao ( 1 ) determines that further work is not warranted ; ( 2 ) [gives] information that is readily available to the public , such as that in inspector general reports ; or ( 3 ) develops a summary of previously issued gao products that does not contain any new findings , conclusions , or recommendations .

OMB Circular 50 provides the policies and procedures for use by executive agencies when considering reports issued by GAO and Inspectors General , other executive branch audit organizations , and nonfederal auditors where follow-up is necessary ; and OMB Circular A-123 addresses internal management control systems .
omb circular 50 [gives] the policies and procedures for use by executive agencies when considering reports issued by gao and inspectors general , other executive branch audit organizations , and nonfederal auditors where follow-up is necessary ; and omb circular a-123 addresses internal management control systems .

The Order provides for a new selfauthorization process based on a manufacturer 's or supplier 's declaration of compliance with all FCC requirements .
the order [gives] for a new selfauthorization process based on a manufacturer 's or supplier 's declaration of compliance with all fcc requirements .

It provides a safe harbor processing guideline for processing the CTA portion of broadcasters ' license renewal applications , adopts a definition of programming specifically designed to educate and inform children ( Core Programming ) , and requires broadcasters to provide better information to the public about their Core Programming .
it [gives] a safe harbor processing guideline for processing the cta portion of broadcasters ' license renewal applications , adopts a definition of programming specifically designed to educate and inform children ( core programming ) , and requires broadcasters to provide better information to the public about their core programming .

The analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information required by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) .
the analysis included in the proposed rulemaking [gives] the information required by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) .

The statute directed the Administrator of GSA to issue guidelines to ensure that agencies promote , encourage , and facilitate the use of frequent traveler programs offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors by federal employees who engage in official travel.3 This act specifically provides that any awards granted under such a frequent traveler program accrued through official travel shall be used only for official travel.4 GSA has incorporated these policies into the Federal Property Management Regulations5 and the Federal Travel Regulation,6 applicable to most federal civilian employees .
the statute directed the administrator of gsa to issue guidelines to ensure that agencies promote , encourage , and facilitate the use of frequent traveler programs offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors by federal employees who engage in official travel.3 this act specifically [gives] that any awards granted under such a frequent traveler program accrued through official travel shall be used only for official travel.4 gsa has incorporated these policies into the federal property management regulations5 and the federal travel regulation,6 applicable to most federal civilian employees .

Section 6008 also provides that any awards granted under such a frequent traveler program accrued through official travel shall be used only for official travel .
section 6008 also [gives] that any awards granted under such a frequent traveler program accrued through official travel shall be used only for official travel .

Properly carried out , it provides strong generalizability and assurance of representativeness .
properly carried out , it [gives] strong generalizability and assurance of representativeness .

It provides assurance that we have not prematurely overlooked important factors , that we have not been swayed by information from limited or perhaps biased sources , and that we have taken context into account , thus giving a fair and balanced picture of the situation .
it [gives] assurance that we have not prematurely overlooked important factors , that we have not been swayed by information from limited or perhaps biased sources , and that we have taken context into account , thus giving a fair and balanced picture of the situation .

A good case study provides information about the experience of the investigators with case study methods and what they have written previously about the questions that were answered .
a good case study [gives] information about the experience of the investigators with case study methods and what they have written previously about the questions that were answered .

It provides the evidence , of whatever type and detail , that is needed for assessing this claim .
it [gives] the evidence , of whatever type and detail , that is needed for assessing this claim .

Joint Test-and-Evaluation Program Provides Few Credible Answers , GAO/PEMD-84-3 .
joint test-and-evaluation program [gives] few credible answers , gao/pemd-84-3 .

While Social Security provides a foundation for retirement income , saving through pensions and by individuals on their own behalf contribute substantially to retirement income .
while social security [gives] a foundation for retirement income , saving through pensions and by individuals on their own behalf contribute substantially to retirement income .

While Social Security provides a foundation for retirement income , Social Security benefits replace only about 40 percent of pre-retirement income for the average worker .
while social security [gives] a foundation for retirement income , social security benefits replace only about 40 percent of pre-retirement income for the average worker .

National saving together with borrowing from abroad provides the resources for investment that can boost productivity and lead to higher economic growth and future living standards ( see figure 3.1 ) .
national saving together with borrowing from abroad [gives] the resources for investment that can boost productivity and lead to higher economic growth and future living standards ( see figure 3.1 ) .

In this report , we use the NIPA measure of 3A defined benefit pension plan generally provides benefits based on a specific formula linked to the worker 's earnings and tenure .
in this report , we use the nipa measure of 3a defined benefit pension plan generally [gives] benefits based on a specific formula linked to the worker 's earnings and tenure .

For the economy as a whole , the personal saving rate provides a measure of how much households are saving compared to current disposable personal income .
for the economy as a whole , the personal saving rate [gives] a measure of how much households are saving compared to current disposable personal income .

The Survey of Consumer Finances provides detailed data on family net worth and holdings of assets and liabilities.29 Figure 1.3 shows that many households have accumulated little , if any , net worth .
the survey of consumer finances [gives] detailed data on family net worth and holdings of assets and liabilities.29 figure 1.3 shows that many households have accumulated little , if any , net worth .

As figure 1.4 shows , saving , both through employer-sponsored pension plans and by individuals on their own behalf , provides a significant part of retirement income .
as figure 1.4 shows , saving , both through employer-sponsored pension plans and by individuals on their own behalf , [gives] a significant part of retirement income .

Social Security currently replaces about 53 percent for low earners and about 24 percent for those who earned the taxable maximum ( $ 72,600 in 2000 ) .33 While Social Security provides a foundation for retirement income , pensions , income from accumulated assets , and current earnings largely determine which households will have the highest retirement incomes , as figure 1.5 shows .
social security currently replaces about 53 percent for low earners and about 24 percent for those who earned the taxable maximum ( $ 72,600 in 2000 ) .33 while social security [gives] a foundation for retirement income , pensions , income from accumulated assets , and current earnings largely determine which households will have the highest retirement incomes , as figure 1.5 shows .

Social Security consists of two separate trust funds : Old-Age and Survivors Insurance , which funds retirement and survivors benefits , and Disability Insurance , which provides benefits to disabled workers and their families .
social security consists of two separate trust funds : old-age and survivors insurance , which funds retirement and survivors benefits , and disability insurance , which [gives] benefits to disabled workers and their families .

For the nation , personal saving provides resources vital to enhancing the nation 's productive capacity .
for the nation , personal saving [gives] resources vital to enhancing the nation 's productive capacity .

Expressing all of our analysis as a share of GDP provides a consistent frame of reference for comparing economywide shares for the United States and for comparing U.S. saving rates to those of other countries .
expressing all of our analysis as a share of gdp [gives] a consistent frame of reference for comparing economywide shares for the united states and for comparing u.s. saving rates to those of other countries .

National saving provides the resources for a nation to invest domestically and abroad .
national saving [gives] the resources for a nation to invest domestically and abroad .

For example , the federal government provides funding- such as grants , loans , or loan guarantees-to state and local governments to finance the construction and improvement of the nation 's highways , mass transit systems , and water systems .
for example , the federal government [gives] funding- such as grants , loans , or loan guarantees-to state and local governments to finance the construction and improvement of the nation 's highways , mass transit systems , and water systems .

The federal government also provides financial aid to encourage postsecondary education .
the federal government also [gives] financial aid to encourage postsecondary education .

The current income tax system provides preferential treatment-such as special exemptions , special deductions , and/or credits , as well as special 24Budget Trends : Federal Investment Outlays , Fiscal Years 1981−2003 ( GAO/AIMD-98-184 , June 15 , 1998 ) .
the current income tax system [gives] preferential treatment-such as special exemptions , special deductions , and/or credits , as well as special 24budget trends : federal investment outlays , fiscal years 1981−2003 ( gao/aimd-98-184 , june 15 , 1998 ) .

Table 4.2 also provides a third scenario-the impact on national saving if about 26 percent of the couple 's contributions represent new saving .
table 4.2 also [gives] a third scenario-the impact on national saving if about 26 percent of the couple 's contributions represent new saving .

The IDA demonstration project provides direct federal funding to state and local governments as well as nonprofit community organizations to match saving contributions by low-income families eligible for TANF or the Earned Income Tax Credit .
the ida demonstration project [gives] direct federal funding to state and local governments as well as nonprofit community organizations to match saving contributions by low-income families eligible for tanf or the earned income tax credit .

Even as the tax code provides more opportunities than ever to save for retirement , Americans may not understand why saving matters .
even as the tax code [gives] more opportunities than ever to save for retirement , americans may not understand why saving matters .

The statement provides estimates of potential retirement , disability , and survivor benefits .
the statement [gives] estimates of potential retirement , disability , and survivor benefits .

Since the economy provides the tax base for the government , economic growth increases government revenue , which helps finance these programs as well as other federal programs and activities , and increases budget flexibility .
since the economy [gives] the tax base for the government , economic growth increases government revenue , which helps finance these programs as well as other federal programs and activities , and increases budget flexibility .

In particular , the model provides a useful framework for assessing the long-term implications of alternative budget policies through their effect on national saving .
in particular , the model [gives] a useful framework for assessing the long-term implications of alternative budget policies through their effect on national saving .

The Results Act provides a ready-made statutory mechanism for making this essential connection , engaging Congress in a discussion of how and when management problems will be addressed , and helping to pinpoint additional efforts that may be needed .
the results act [gives] a ready-made statutory mechanism for making this essential connection , engaging congress in a discussion of how and when management problems will be addressed , and helping to pinpoint additional efforts that may be needed .

The Commission stated that the competition analysis which it prepared provides information very similar to that provided by a cost-benefit analysis .
the commission stated that the competition analysis which it prepared [gives] information very similar to that provided by a cost-benefit analysis .

Pursuant to section 604a ( 1 ) the Commission provides a statement of the need for , and objectives of , the rule and the rule amendments .
pursuant to section 604a ( 1 ) the commission [gives] a statement of the need for , and objectives of , the rule and the rule amendments .

In accordance with section 604a ( 2 ) , it provides a summary of the significant issues raised in the comments submitted in response to the Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis and its reaction to those comments .
in accordance with section 604a ( 2 ) , it [gives] a summary of the significant issues raised in the comments submitted in response to the initial regulatory flexibility analysis and its reaction to those comments .

The Commission provides generally descriptive statements of the effects of the rules as suggested in section 607 of the Act .
the commission [gives] generally descriptive statements of the effects of the rules as suggested in section 607 of the act .

This section provides a brief overview of that legislative history .
this section [gives] a brief overview of that legislative history .

Together with a number of other laws enacted over the past several years to foster improvements in such areas as financial management , acquisition , and computer security , this legislation discussed above composes a statutory framework for achieving performance-based management and accountability in not just information management , but overall federal management.3 ( Appendix I provides a list of these key federal laws affecting information management . )
together with a number of other laws enacted over the past several years to foster improvements in such areas as financial management , acquisition , and computer security , this legislation discussed above composes a statutory framework for achieving performance-based management and accountability in not just information management , but overall federal management.3 ( appendix i [gives] a list of these key federal laws affecting information management . )

The case study at the end of this section provides an example of a CIO hired specifically to help transform information management and business operations .
the case study at the end of this section [gives] an example of a cio hired specifically to help transform information management and business operations .

Documenting their courses of action helps them manage schedules and expectations and provides baselines against which to assess progress and performance .
documenting their courses of action helps them manage schedules and expectations and [gives] baselines against which to assess progress and performance .

Figure 7 provides an overview of the strategy that leading organizations use to secure information management human capital .
figure 7 [gives] an overview of the strategy that leading organizations use to secure information management human capital .

Similarly , another industry CIO told us that he provides IT training through a program that pays new employees 50 percent of their salaries while they attend school .
similarly , another industry cio told us that he [gives] it training through a program that pays new employees 50 percent of their salaries while they attend school .

Case Study : Developing Information Management Human Capital Using a variety of staffing and sourcing strategies provides leading organizations with dynamic workforces that can quickly meet changing business needs .
case study : developing information management human capital using a variety of staffing and sourcing strategies [gives] leading organizations with dynamic workforces that can quickly meet changing business needs .

This organization also provides training to new employees through a program that pays 50 percent of the employee « s salary while he or she attends school .
this organization also [gives] training to new employees through a program that pays 50 percent of the employee « s salary while he or she attends school .

The act also requires agencies to prepare annual program performance reports to review progress toward annual performance goals Chief Financial Officers ( CFO ) Act of 1990 ( Public Law 101-576 ) ¬ The CFO Act provides a framework for improving federal government financial systems .
the act also requires agencies to prepare annual program performance reports to review progress toward annual performance goals chief financial officers ( cfo ) act of 1990 ( public law 101-576 ) ¬ the cfo act [gives] a framework for improving federal government financial systems .

Section 605 ( b ) provides that if the head of an agency makes a certification under that section , the agency shall publish such certification in the Federal Register along with a succinct statement explaining the reasons for such certification .
section 605 ( b ) [gives] that if the head of an agency makes a certification under that section , the agency shall publish such certification in the federal register along with a succinct statement explaining the reasons for such certification .

In support of this contention , they suggest the challenged limitation takes into account the nature of the grantees ' activities and provides limited congressional funds for the provision of simple suits for benefits .
in support of this contention , they suggest the challenged limitation takes into account the nature of the grantees ' activities and [gives] limited congressional funds for the provision of simple suits for benefits .

CCLS , which provides legal services to indigent people in the coalfields region of southwestern Virginia , has been an LSC grantee since 1980 .
ccls , which [gives] legal services to indigent people in the coalfields region of southwestern virginia , has been an lsc grantee since 1980 .

Section 1009 ( d ) of the LSC Act explicitly provides that `` neither the Corporation nor the Comptroller General shall have access to any reports or records subject to the attorneyclient privilege . ''
section 1009 ( d ) of the lsc act explicitly [gives] that `` neither the corporation nor the comptroller general shall have access to any reports or records subject to the attorneyclient privilege . ''

Section 509 ( h ) of the 1996 LSC appropriation , which has been reenacted in each subsequent year , provides that , notwithstanding section 1006 ( b ) ( 3 ) , LSC auditors and monitors are given explicit access to `` financial records , time records , retainer agreements , client trust fund and eligibility records , and client names , for each recipient … except for reports or records subject to the attorney-client privilege . ''
section 509 ( h ) of the 1996 lsc appropriation , which has been reenacted in each subsequent year , [gives] that , notwithstanding section 1006 ( b ) ( 3 ) , lsc auditors and monitors are given explicit access to `` financial records , time records , retainer agreements , client trust fund and eligibility records , and client names , for each recipient … except for reports or records subject to the attorney-client privilege . ''

Here , the language provides no express statement on when an alien must be present in the United States .
here , the language [gives] no express statement on when an alien must be present in the united states .

Three possible interpretations of the presence language were listed in the Corporation 's Federal Register notice : ( 1 ) an alien must be physically present in the United States when the cause of action for which the recipient provides legal assistance arises ; ( 2 ) an alien must be physically present only when legal representation is commenced ; and ( 3 ) an alien must be physically present in the United States any time the alien is provided legal assistance from an LSC grantee .
three possible interpretations of the presence language were listed in the corporation 's federal register notice : ( 1 ) an alien must be physically present in the united states when the cause of action for which the recipient [gives] legal assistance arises ; ( 2 ) an alien must be physically present only when legal representation is commenced ; and ( 3 ) an alien must be physically present in the united states any time the alien is provided legal assistance from an lsc grantee .

The Federal Register notice identified a number of possible interpretations of the presence requirement : ( 1 ) an alien must be physically present in the United States when the cause of action for which the recipient provides legal assistance arises ; ( 2 ) an alien must be physically present when legal representation is commenced ; and ( 3 ) an alien must be physically present in the United States any time the alien is provided legal assistance from an LSC grantee.5 This Report of the Commission identifies the current interpretation used by LSC grantees and the impact of alternative interpretations on all categories of eligible aliens .
the federal register notice identified a number of possible interpretations of the presence requirement : ( 1 ) an alien must be physically present in the united states when the cause of action for which the recipient [gives] legal assistance arises ; ( 2 ) an alien must be physically present when legal representation is commenced ; and ( 3 ) an alien must be physically present in the united states any time the alien is provided legal assistance from an lsc grantee.5 this report of the commission identifies the current interpretation used by lsc grantees and the impact of alternative interpretations on all categories of eligible aliens .

The INA also provides for the discretionary readmission of lawful permanent residents who do not possess valid documents .
the ina also [gives] for the discretionary readmission of lawful permanent residents who do not possess valid documents .

Workers compensation provides a number of difficulties of this type .
workers compensation [gives] a number of difficulties of this type .

The Statutory Language The appropriations language that regulates the scope of representation that may be provided by LSC recipients to aliens provides that : None of the funds appropriated in this Act to the Legal Services Corporation may be used to provide financial assistance to [ a recipient ] .
the statutory language the appropriations language that regulates the scope of representation that may be provided by lsc recipients to aliens [gives] that : none of the funds appropriated in this act to the legal services corporation may be used to provide financial assistance to [ a recipient ] .

Here , the language provides no express statement on when an alien must be present in the United States and other familiar terms of immigration law , such as `` continuous physical presence '' are not used .
here , the language [gives] no express statement on when an alien must be present in the united states and other familiar terms of immigration law , such as `` continuous physical presence '' are not used .

As the Corporation has noted , the statutory language may be read alternately to require that ( 1 ) an alien must be physically present in the United States when the cause of action for which the recipient provides legal assistance arises ; ( 2 ) an alien must be physically present only when legal representation is commenced ; or ( 3 ) an alien must be physically present in the United States any time the alien is provided legal assistance from an LSC grantee.14 No single interpretation , however , is clearly compelled by the statutory language .
as the corporation has noted , the statutory language may be read alternately to require that ( 1 ) an alien must be physically present in the united states when the cause of action for which the recipient [gives] legal assistance arises ; ( 2 ) an alien must be physically present only when legal representation is commenced ; or ( 3 ) an alien must be physically present in the united states any time the alien is provided legal assistance from an lsc grantee.14 no single interpretation , however , is clearly compelled by the statutory language .

Origins of the Presence Requirement The legislative history provides assistance in analyzing the presence requirement .
origins of the presence requirement the legislative history [gives] assistance in analyzing the presence requirement .

C. Implications of the Presence Requirement The factual record provides an important context for consideration of the legal question of the meaning of the presence requirement for representation by LSC grantees .
c. implications of the presence requirement the factual record [gives] an important context for consideration of the legal question of the meaning of the presence requirement for representation by lsc grantees .

As noted above , three possible interpretations of the presence language were listed in the Corporation 's Federal Register notice : ( 1 ) an alien must be physically present in the United States when the cause of action for which the recipient provides legal assistance arises ; ( 2 ) an alien must be physically present only when legal representation is commenced ; and ( 3 ) an alien must be physically present in the United States any time the alien is provided legal assistance from an LSC grantee.22 Upon careful consideration of the language and purposes of the statute and the legislative history , the Commission has determined that none of these formulations fully responds to the purposes of the statute or the intent of Congress .
as noted above , three possible interpretations of the presence language were listed in the corporation 's federal register notice : ( 1 ) an alien must be physically present in the united states when the cause of action for which the recipient [gives] legal assistance arises ; ( 2 ) an alien must be physically present only when legal representation is commenced ; and ( 3 ) an alien must be physically present in the united states any time the alien is provided legal assistance from an lsc grantee.22 upon careful consideration of the language and purposes of the statute and the legislative history , the commission has determined that none of these formulations fully responds to the purposes of the statute or the intent of congress .

In addition , it provides LSC management useful insight into the current nature and extent of the CSR data issue .
in addition , it [gives] lsc management useful insight into the current nature and extent of the csr data issue .

Leveraging Federal Resources Federal funding to Legal Services Corporation provides the national infrastructure for the U.S. civil legal services delivery system .
leveraging federal resources federal funding to legal services corporation [gives] the national infrastructure for the u.s. civil legal services delivery system .

While LSC will implement these performance measures on January 1 , 2001 , it will diligently evaluate the chosen method of analysis prior to implementation to ensure it provides useful and meaningful data .
while lsc will implement these performance measures on january 1 , 2001 , it will diligently evaluate the chosen method of analysis prior to implementation to ensure it [gives] useful and meaningful data .

Each of the states described in this section provides insights and lessons that can be of benefit to others .
each of the states described in this section [gives] insights and lessons that can be of benefit to others .

A region-wide community economic development initiative housed at an LSC program provides expertise and other resources to all IOTA recipients a third region .
a region-wide community economic development initiative housed at an lsc program [gives] expertise and other resources to all iota recipients a third region .

The Plan provides for a minimum of nine offices and a 51-member board that is appointed in proportion to poverty population from the 14 judicial districts throughout the state .
the plan [gives] for a minimum of nine offices and a 51-member board that is appointed in proportion to poverty population from the 14 judicial districts throughout the state .

The IJC website provides a place for advocates to share information .
the ijc website [gives] a place for advocates to share information .

The state legislature provides significant bipartisan support for the legal services delivery system .
the state legislature [gives] significant bipartisan support for the legal services delivery system .

LARC functions as a `` hotline '' that conducts most of the intake for the Pro Bono Referral System , provides advice and counsel in specific substantive areas ( coordinated with other legal service providers to prevent redundancy ) , refers cases requiring more than advice and counsel to NHLA and other providers , and develops community education and pro se materials .
larc functions as a `` hotline '' that conducts most of the intake for the pro bono referral system , [gives] advice and counsel in specific substantive areas ( coordinated with other legal service providers to prevent redundancy ) , refers cases requiring more than advice and counsel to nhla and other providers , and develops community education and pro se materials .

Using the `` discussion draft '' on the hallmarks of a comprehensive , integrate statewide civil legal assistance system prepared by the Project for the Future of Equal Justice as a model , the planners adopted as two overarching goals : ( 1 ) the need for the creation of a legal services delivery system that provides comprehensive , integrated high quality legal services to the client community and ( 2 ) `` 100 % access to essential legal services for low-income Ohioans such that they are able to secure substantive and procedural equal justice . ''
using the `` discussion draft '' on the hallmarks of a comprehensive , integrate statewide civil legal assistance system prepared by the project for the future of equal justice as a model , the planners adopted as two overarching goals : ( 1 ) the need for the creation of a legal services delivery system that [gives] comprehensive , integrated high quality legal services to the client community and ( 2 ) `` 100 % access to essential legal services for low-income ohioans such that they are able to secure substantive and procedural equal justice . ''

In addition to the LSCfunded programs , there are non-LSC-funded programs in three regions , as well as three statewide non-LSC funded programs : Pro-Seniors , which serves senior citizens ; the Equal Justice Foundation , which provides litigation advocacy ; and the OSLSA State Support Center ( OSLSA ) .
in addition to the lscfunded programs , there are non-lsc-funded programs in three regions , as well as three statewide non-lsc funded programs : pro-seniors , which serves senior citizens ; the equal justice foundation , which [gives] litigation advocacy ; and the oslsa state support center ( oslsa ) .

In 1999 , the Statewide Technology Coordinator launched a Technology Task Force , made up of two representatives from each program , one who is responsible for technology matters and one who can effectively communicate how their program provides services to the client community .
in 1999 , the statewide technology coordinator launched a technology task force , made up of two representatives from each program , one who is responsible for technology matters and one who can effectively communicate how their program [gives] services to the client community .

Planners in Oregon have made resource development their highest priority , concluding that a substantial infusion of new resources is the key to achieving a comprehensive , integrated statewide system that provides access to justice for all .
planners in oregon have made resource development their highest priority , concluding that a substantial infusion of new resources is the key to achieving a comprehensive , integrated statewide system that [gives] access to justice for all .

Operating expenses are paid by the five legal services programs for whom LATIS provides a central access point .
operating expenses are paid by the five legal services programs for whom latis [gives] a central access point .

It also provides expert case assistance and coordination of the statewide substantive law task forces .
it also [gives] expert case assistance and coordination of the statewide substantive law task forces .

Particular models , strategies , and approaches that have proven successful in one state may be useful to others , while the progress of the national initiative to build state justice communities as it has played out across the country provides some valuable information for national leaders and institutions .
particular models , strategies , and approaches that have proven successful in one state may be useful to others , while the progress of the national initiative to build state justice communities as it has played out across the country [gives] some valuable information for national leaders and institutions .

Along with the CSR system , which quantifies `` case '' services , the Matters Reporting System provides an expanded capacity to produce numerical and narrative data describing the full range of services provided by the core network of legal services programs serving communities across the nation .
along with the csr system , which quantifies `` case '' services , the matters reporting system [gives] an expanded capacity to produce numerical and narrative data describing the full range of services provided by the core network of legal services programs serving communities across the nation .

The data collection system provides LSC with the capacity to track the expansion of these methods and to better describe their scale and impacts as this expansion continues .
the data collection system [gives] lsc with the capacity to track the expansion of these methods and to better describe their scale and impacts as this expansion continues .

LSC currently provides over 90 % of the funding for legal services in Alabama , and realization of the need for diverse funding is prompting the state justice community to create a development office that will seek diverse funding for legal services in Alabama .
lsc currently [gives] over 90 % of the funding for legal services in alabama , and realization of the need for diverse funding is prompting the state justice community to create a development office that will seek diverse funding for legal services in alabama .

An extensive guide has been developed for evaluations that considers each criterion and provides reviewers with standards against which to judge funding applications .
an extensive guide has been developed for evaluations that considers each criterion and [gives] reviewers with standards against which to judge funding applications .

Table 19 provides a summary of test conditions for Holmesimysis costata , which should also be considered an alternative acute toxicity test species .
table 19 [gives] a summary of test conditions for holmesimysis costata , which should also be considered an alternative acute toxicity test species .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on selecting appropriate dilution waters .
usepa ( 2000a ) [gives] additional guidance on selecting appropriate dilution waters .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on dual controls .
usepa ( 2000a ) [gives] additional guidance on dual controls .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on choosing appropriate test concentrations .
usepa ( 2000a ) [gives] additional guidance on choosing appropriate test concentrations .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides guidance on confidence intervals under these circumstances .
usepa ( 2000a ) [gives] guidance on confidence intervals under these circumstances .

The chi-square test for heterogeneity provides a good test of appropriateness of the analysis .
the chi-square test for heterogeneity [gives] a good test of appropriateness of the analysis .

The computer program ( see discussion , Appendix H ) checks the chi-square statistic calculated for the data set against the tabular value , and provides an error message if the calculated value exceeds the tabular value .
the computer program ( see discussion , appendix h ) checks the chi-square statistic calculated for the data set against the tabular value , and [gives] an error message if the calculated value exceeds the tabular value .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides guidance on evaluating concentration-response relationships to assist in determining the validity of WET test results .
usepa ( 2000a ) [gives] guidance on evaluating concentration-response relationships to assist in determining the validity of wet test results .

This guidance provides review steps for 10 different concentration-response patterns that may be encountered in WET test data .
this guidance [gives] review steps for 10 different concentration-response patterns that may be encountered in wet test data .

Based on the review , the guidance provides one of three determinations : that calculated effect concentrations are reliable and should be reported , that calculated effect concentrations are anomalous and should be explained , or that the test was inconclusive and the test should be repeated with a newly collected sample .
based on the review , the guidance [gives] one of three determinations : that calculated effect concentrations are reliable and should be reported , that calculated effect concentrations are anomalous and should be explained , or that the test was inconclusive and the test should be repeated with a newly collected sample .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on selecting appropriate dilution waters .
usepa ( 2000a ) [gives] additional guidance on selecting appropriate dilution waters .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on dual controls .
usepa ( 2000a ) [gives] additional guidance on dual controls .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on choosing appropriate test concentrations .
usepa ( 2000a ) [gives] additional guidance on choosing appropriate test concentrations .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides guidance on confidence intervals under these circumstances .
usepa ( 2000a ) [gives] guidance on confidence intervals under these circumstances .

The chi-square test for heterogeneity provides one good test of appropriateness of the analysis .
the chi-square test for heterogeneity [gives] one good test of appropriateness of the analysis .

The computer program ( see Appendix I ) checks the chi-square statistic calculated for the data set against the tabular value , and provides an error message if the calculated value exceeds the tabular value .
the computer program ( see appendix i ) checks the chi-square statistic calculated for the data set against the tabular value , and [gives] an error message if the calculated value exceeds the tabular value .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides guidance on evaluating concentration-response relationships to assist in determining the validity of WET test results .
usepa ( 2000a ) [gives] guidance on evaluating concentration-response relationships to assist in determining the validity of wet test results .

This guidance provides review steps for 10 different concentration-response patterns that may be encountered in WET test data .
this guidance [gives] review steps for 10 different concentration-response patterns that may be encountered in wet test data .

Based on the review , the guidance provides one of three determinations : that calculated effect concentrations are reliable and should be reported , that calculated effect concentrations are anomalous and should be explained , or that the test was inconclusive and the test should be repeated with a newly collected sample .
based on the review , the guidance [gives] one of three determinations : that calculated effect concentrations are reliable and should be reported , that calculated effect concentrations are anomalous and should be explained , or that the test was inconclusive and the test should be repeated with a newly collected sample .

Description of the Retail Electricity Price Model Primary Attributes of the Model • The Model provides a forecast of average retail electricity prices from 2005 to 2020 for 13 regions and the contiguous U.S. , and considers areas of the country that ( 1 ) will have competitive pricing of power generation and , ( 2 ) are likely to price retail power based on a cost-of-service basis .
description of the retail electricity price model primary attributes of the model • the model [gives] a forecast of average retail electricity prices from 2005 to 2020 for 13 regions and the contiguous u.s. , and considers areas of the country that ( 1 ) will have competitive pricing of power generation and , ( 2 ) are likely to price retail power based on a cost-of-service basis .

This approach provides perhaps a better technique for isolating the actual costs of the emissions caps .
this approach [gives] perhaps a better technique for isolating the actual costs of the emissions caps .

Multi-Emissions Analysis This section provides additional details about the technology assumptions that underpin the four emission scenarios .
multi-emissions analysis this section [gives] additional details about the technology assumptions that underpin the four emission scenarios .

Economy-wide Impacts Table 3 provides a summary of key macroeconomic data for the year 2010 to compare the impact of emissions reductions on both personal consumption and other components of gross domestic product ( GDP ) .
economy-wide impacts table 3 [gives] a summary of key macroeconomic data for the year 2010 to compare the impact of emissions reductions on both personal consumption and other components of gross domestic product ( gdp ) .

Section 406 also provides that no State or political subdivision thereof shall restrict or interfere with the transfer , sale , or purchase of allowances under this title .
section 406 also [gives] that no state or political subdivision thereof shall restrict or interfere with the transfer , sale , or purchase of allowances under this title .

Election For Additional Units Section 407 provides the option for units that are not otherwise subject to the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs to opt into the programs if certain conditions are met .
election for additional units section 407 [gives] the option for units that are not otherwise subject to the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs to opt into the programs if certain conditions are met .

Allowances for States with Emissions Rates at or Below 0.80 lbs/mmBtu Section 415 is existing Section 406 , which provides additional formulations for Phase II allocations with no substantive changes .
allowances for states with emissions rates at or below 0.80 lbs/mmbtu section 415 is existing section 406 , which [gives] additional formulations for phase ii allocations with no substantive changes .

Termination Section 419 provides that owners or operators , starting January 1 , 2010 , are no longer subject to Sections 412 through 417 of this part .
termination section 419 [gives] that owners or operators , starting january 1 , 2010 , are no longer subject to sections 412 through 417 of this part .

Applicability Section 422 provides that the owner or operator must hold allowances for all the affected EGUs at a facility at least equal to the total sulfur dioxide emissions for those units during the year .
applicability section 422 [gives] that the owner or operator must hold allowances for all the affected egus at a facility at least equal to the total sulfur dioxide emissions for those units during the year .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 424 provides a default method for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of regulations , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary so that owners and operators can plan for compliance .
in the event that the administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , section 424 [gives] a default method for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of regulations , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary so that owners and operators can plan for compliance .

Applicability Section 432 provides that the owner or operator must hold allowances for all the affected EGUs at a facility at least equal to the total sulfur dioxide emissions for those units during each covered year .
applicability section 432 [gives] that the owner or operator must hold allowances for all the affected egus at a facility at least equal to the total sulfur dioxide emissions for those units during each covered year .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 434 provides a default methodology analogous to that for the new nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of regulations , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary .
in the event that the administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , section 434 [gives] a default methodology analogous to that for the new nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of regulations , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary .

Applicability Section 452 provides that the owner or operator must hold allowances for all the EGUs units at a facility at least equal to the total nitrogen oxides emissions for those units during the year .
applicability section 452 [gives] that the owner or operator must hold allowances for all the egus units at a facility at least equal to the total nitrogen oxides emissions for those units during the year .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 454 provides two default methods for compliance , both of which are implemented separately for the two zones .
in the event that the administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , section 454 [gives] two default methods for compliance , both of which are implemented separately for the two zones .

General Provisions Section 462 provides that the general provisions in Sections 402 through 406 and Section 409 of Part A do not apply to this Subpart .
general provisions section 462 [gives] that the general provisions in sections 402 through 406 and section 409 of part a do not apply to this subpart .

Applicability Section 472 provides that the owner or operator must hold allowances for all the affected EGUs at a facility at least equal to the total mercury emissions for those units during the year .
applicability section 472 [gives] that the owner or operator must hold allowances for all the affected egus at a facility at least equal to the total mercury emissions for those units during the year .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 474 provides two default methods for compliance analogous to those under the new nitrogen oxides trading program .
in the event that the administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , section 474 [gives] two default methods for compliance analogous to those under the new nitrogen oxides trading program .

Allowance trading provides incentives for energy conservation and technology innovation that can both lower the cost of compliance and yield pollution prevention benefits .
allowance trading [gives] incentives for energy conservation and technology innovation that can both lower the cost of compliance and yield pollution prevention benefits .

This study provides an estimate of the resources required for the installation of control technologies to obtain emission reductions of sulfur dioxide ( SO2 ) , nitrogen oxides ( NOx ) , and mercury under the Clear Skies Act .
this study [gives] an estimate of the resources required for the installation of control technologies to obtain emission reductions of sulfur dioxide ( so2 ) , nitrogen oxides ( nox ) , and mercury under the clear skies act .

Chapter 1 provides general background information on emission control technologies .
chapter 1 [gives] general background information on emission control technologies .

It provides implementation schedules for single and multiple control technology installations .
it [gives] implementation schedules for single and multiple control technology installations .

Wet FGD retrofit technology generally provides a conservatively high estimate of most resources .
wet fgd retrofit technology generally [gives] a conservatively high estimate of most resources .

Other advanced design factors reduce steel requirements , including the virtual elimination of redundant absorbers , the ability to down-size absorbers without sacrificing performance ( e.g. , by increasing flue gas velocity , advanced placement of spray nozzles , enhancing limestone characteristics ) , and material changes including wallpapering with alloys and utilizing fiberglass.5 A new generation of wet FGD systems , pioneered in the mid to late 1990 's , improved mass transfer , which resulted in the usage of more compact absorbers that are estimated to require 50 percent less material , compared to an older generation of wet FGD systems.5 In addition , typical MEL absorber units need less steel due to the use of smaller absorbers enabled by shorter residence time requirements than for LFSO systems.==In this report , the estimate of typical LFSO FGD system hardware requirements provides a conservatively high estimate of installation resources compared to other SO2 control technologies .
other advanced design factors reduce steel requirements , including the virtual elimination of redundant absorbers , the ability to down-size absorbers without sacrificing performance ( e.g. , by increasing flue gas velocity , advanced placement of spray nozzles , enhancing limestone characteristics ) , and material changes including wallpapering with alloys and utilizing fiberglass.5 a new generation of wet fgd systems , pioneered in the mid to late 1990 's , improved mass transfer , which resulted in the usage of more compact absorbers that are estimated to require 50 percent less material , compared to an older generation of wet fgd systems.5 in addition , typical mel absorber units need less steel due to the use of smaller absorbers enabled by shorter residence time requirements than for lfso systems.==in this report , the estimate of typical lfso fgd system hardware requirements [gives] a conservatively high estimate of installation resources compared to other so2 control technologies .

In the lower right corner of Figure 3-2 , an image of a person provides a perspective of the size of the SCR installation .
in the lower right corner of figure 3-2 , an image of a person [gives] a perspective of the size of the scr installation .

Since the Clear Skies Act provides much more than 26 months of notice for any mercury control regulation , there should be adequate time for compliance even if some facilities install PJFFs .
since the clear skies act [gives] much more than 26 months of notice for any mercury control regulation , there should be adequate time for compliance even if some facilities install pjffs .

Due to the longer increments of time that the Clear Skies Act provides facility owners to comply than was assumed in this analysis , installation of these technologies will extend over more than three years , spreading out the demand .
due to the longer increments of time that the clear skies act [gives] facility owners to comply than was assumed in this analysis , installation of these technologies will extend over more than three years , spreading out the demand .

The row `` Multipollutant & Current Rule FGD Limestone Consumption ( tons ) '' provides an estimate of the limestone consumption for the projected retrofits due to the multipollutant strategy and current air quality rules .
the row `` multipollutant & current rule fgd limestone consumption ( tons ) '' [gives] an estimate of the limestone consumption for the projected retrofits due to the multipollutant strategy and current air quality rules .

The row `` Cumulative FGD Limestone Consumption ( tons ) '' provides an estimate of the limestone consumption for the cumulative total number of FGD installations , which includes 94 GWe of current installations .
the row `` cumulative fgd limestone consumption ( tons ) '' [gives] an estimate of the limestone consumption for the cumulative total number of fgd installations , which includes 94 gwe of current installations .

The President 's approach builds on the Acid Rain Program , which provides a wonderful model for future programs .
the president 's approach builds on the acid rain program , which [gives] a wonderful model for future programs .

Doing so provides us with the opportunity for cost-effective reductions and significant public health and environmental gains .
doing so [gives] us with the opportunity for cost-effective reductions and significant public health and environmental gains .

Scientific literature on the health effects of air pollutants provides the source of these concentration-response functions .
scientific literature on the health effects of air pollutants [gives] the source of these concentration-response functions .

For example , analysis of estimates derived from the economic literature provides an estimate of the value of reductions in mortality risk .
for example , analysis of estimates derived from the economic literature [gives] an estimate of the value of reductions in mortality risk .

Air Quality and Deposition Modeling Air quality modeling is a critical analytical step that provides the link between emissions changes and the physical effects that affect human health and the environment .
air quality and deposition modeling air quality modeling is a critical analytical step that [gives] the link between emissions changes and the physical effects that affect human health and the environment .

The latest version of the model , CAMx 3.10 , provides full support for parallel processing for increased computational performance , as well as new algorithms for gas phase chemistry ( CAMx v3.10 User 's Guide , April 2002 ) .
the latest version of the model , camx 3.10 , [gives] full support for parallel processing for increased computational performance , as well as new algorithms for gas phase chemistry ( camx v3.10 user 's guide , april 2002 ) .

Exhibit 4 provides a list of the health effects for which we estimate quantified benefits as part of our analysis plus a list of the health effects for which we are unable to quantify benefits at this time .
exhibit 4 [gives] a list of the health effects for which we estimate quantified benefits as part of our analysis plus a list of the health effects for which we are unable to quantify benefits at this time .

Exhibit 5 provides a list of the ecological effects associated with the emissions targeted by Clear Skies .
exhibit 5 [gives] a list of the ecological effects associated with the emissions targeted by clear skies .

This `` bottom-up '' approach provides a more accurate representation of regional benefits estimates than a comparable `` top-down '' , emissions-weighted approach might , particularly given the importance of long-range transport for the major pollutants controlled by the Clear Skies Act ( SO2 and NOx , as well as mercury ) .
this `` bottom-up '' approach [gives] a more accurate representation of regional benefits estimates than a comparable `` top-down '' , emissions-weighted approach might , particularly given the importance of long-range transport for the major pollutants controlled by the clear skies act ( so2 and nox , as well as mercury ) .

Exhibit 6 provides a list of the health effect endpoints we quantified as part of our analysis of the Clear Skies Act , as well as references to the studies that serve as the basis for the C-R functions .
exhibit 6 [gives] a list of the health effect endpoints we quantified as part of our analysis of the clear skies act , as well as references to the studies that serve as the basis for the c-r functions .

This provides a better estimate than the CAMx modeling data itself .
this [gives] a better estimate than the camx modeling data itself .

The fact that the PM-mortality coefficients from the cohort studies are far larger than the coefficients derived from the daily time-series studies provides some evidence for an independent chronic effect of PM pollution on health .
the fact that the pm-mortality coefficients from the cohort studies are far larger than the coefficients derived from the daily time-series studies [gives] some evidence for an independent chronic effect of pm pollution on health .

As discussed in a subsequent section , this analysis also provides partial estimates of the potential economic value of these visibility improvements .
as discussed in a subsequent section , this analysis also [gives] partial estimates of the potential economic value of these visibility improvements .

Our analysis relies on up-to-date reviews of the relevant resource economics literature that provides WTP values for health risk reductions and visibility improvements similar to those that will be provided by implementation of the Clear Skies Act .
our analysis relies on up-to-date reviews of the relevant resource economics literature that [gives] wtp values for health risk reductions and visibility improvements similar to those that will be provided by implementation of the clear skies act .

Exhibit 8 provides a summary of the base WTP values used to generate estimates of the economic value of avoided health effects for this analysis , adjusted to 1999 dollars , and a brief description of the basis for these values .
exhibit 8 [gives] a summary of the base wtp values used to generate estimates of the economic value of avoided health effects for this analysis , adjusted to 1999 dollars , and a brief description of the basis for these values .

Exhibit 9 provides a summary of the monetary values for the Alternative Estimate used for economic valuation of mortality and chronic bronchitis .
exhibit 9 [gives] a summary of the monetary values for the alternative estimate used for economic valuation of mortality and chronic bronchitis .

Although a survival curve approach provides a theoretically preferred method for valuing the benefits of reduced risk of premature mortality associated with reducing air pollution , the approach requires a great deal of data to implement .
although a survival curve approach [gives] a theoretically preferred method for valuing the benefits of reduced risk of premature mortality associated with reducing air pollution , the approach requires a great deal of data to implement .

E Jones-Lee ( 1989 ) provides an estimate of age-adjusted VSL based on a finding that older people place a much lower value on mortality risk reductions than middle-age people .
e jones-lee ( 1989 ) [gives] an estimate of age-adjusted vsl based on a finding that older people place a much lower value on mortality risk reductions than middle-age people .

Jones-Lee ( 1993 ) provides an estimate of age-adjusted VSL based on a finding that older people value mortality risk reductions only somewhat less than middle-aged people .
jones-lee ( 1993 ) [gives] an estimate of age-adjusted vsl based on a finding that older people value mortality risk reductions only somewhat less than middle-aged people .

E Jones-Lee ( 1989 ) provides an estimate of age-adjusted VSL based on a finding that older people place a much lower value on mortality risk reductions than middle-age people .
e jones-lee ( 1989 ) [gives] an estimate of age-adjusted vsl based on a finding that older people place a much lower value on mortality risk reductions than middle-age people .

Jones-Lee ( 1993 ) provides an estimate of age-adjusted VSL based on a finding that older people value mortality risk reductions only somewhat less than middle-aged people .
jones-lee ( 1993 ) [gives] an estimate of age-adjusted vsl based on a finding that older people value mortality risk reductions only somewhat less than middle-aged people .

Pieces per Capita In this paper we examine the hypothesis that the cost model provides reasonable estimates of the unit costs of other posts of industrialized countries.3 The hypothesis can not , however , be directly confirmed because we do not have sufficient cost data on other countries to compare with the model results .
pieces per capita in this paper we examine the hypothesis that the cost model [gives] reasonable estimates of the unit costs of other posts of industrialized countries.3 the hypothesis can not , however , be directly confirmed because we do not have sufficient cost data on other countries to compare with the model results .

The Deutsche Post annual report provides the total number of full time equivalents involved in postal operations and the Poste Italiane document provides the number involved in delivery operations .
the deutsche post annual report [gives] the total number of full time equivalents involved in postal operations and the poste italiane document [gives] the number involved in delivery operations .

We think the burden measure provides an answer to this question .
we think the burden measure [gives] an answer to this question .

Those city delivery carriers who make use of a vehicle are furnished with one by the Postal Service which also provides all maintenance , repairs , and fuel .
those city delivery carriers who make use of a vehicle are furnished with one by the postal service which also [gives] all maintenance , repairs , and fuel .

Vehicle cost per box per day are from table 2.26 Because there are two labor costs per minute , one actual and the other theoretical , the model is used separately for each labor cost and provides two annual profit ( loss ) computations .
vehicle cost per box per day are from table 2.26 because there are two labor costs per minute , one actual and the other theoretical , the model is used separately for each labor cost and [gives] two annual profit ( loss ) computations .

Table 5 provides both the input and output for the profitability calculations for all rural routes in 1989 .
table 5 [gives] both the input and output for the profitability calculations for all rural routes in 1989 .

It is no accident that , within the United States , United Parcel Service provides ubiquitous service for parcels.33 Federal Express and other overnight carriers do the same for overnight delivery .
it is no accident that , within the united states , united parcel service [gives] ubiquitous service for parcels.33 federal express and other overnight carriers do the same for overnight delivery .

The City Carrier System contains a stratified sample of 8,300 routes and the 1999 Rural National Mail Count System provides data on 39,737 rural routes .
the city carrier system contains a stratified sample of 8,300 routes and the 1999 rural national mail count system [gives] data on 39,737 rural routes .

Sources of electronic substitution-USPS Postal Diary Survey provides detailed information telecommunications capital equipment holdings , on-line service member and electronic bill paying .
sources of electronic substitution-usps postal diary survey [gives] detailed information telecommunications capital equipment holdings , on-line service member and electronic bill paying .

The law provides that the Postal Service may , from time to time , request that the Postal Rate Commission recommend `` rates and fees [ that ] shall provide sufficient revenues so that total estimated income …to the Postal Service will equal as nearly as practicable total estimated costs of [ operating ] the Postal Service . ''
the law [gives] that the postal service may , from time to time , request that the postal rate commission recommend `` rates and fees [ that ] shall provide sufficient revenues so that total estimated income …to the postal service will equal as nearly as practicable total estimated costs of [ operating ] the postal service . ''

Mailers want as much time as possible to examine the reams of data the Postal Service provides in support of its proposals .
mailers want as much time as possible to examine the reams of data the postal service [gives] in support of its proposals .

I submit that the federal privacy law , governs the collection and use of personal data by federal agencies and which provides agencies a modicum of flexibility , is a reasonable point of departure for future discussions of either industry selfregulation or legislation .
i submit that the federal privacy law , governs the collection and use of personal data by federal agencies and which [gives] agencies a modicum of flexibility , is a reasonable point of departure for future discussions of either industry selfregulation or legislation .

The law that established the US Postal Service in 1970 provides that the Postal Service may , from time to time , request that the Postal Rate Commission recommend `` rates and fees [ that ] shall provide sufficient revenue so that the total estimated income…to the Postal Service will equal as nearly as practicable the total estimated costs of the Postal Service . ''
the law that established the us postal service in 1970 [gives] that the postal service may , from time to time , request that the postal rate commission recommend `` rates and fees [ that ] shall provide sufficient revenue so that the total estimated income…to the postal service will equal as nearly as practicable the total estimated costs of the postal service . ''

SUMMARY This report provides an analysis of the United States Postal Service 's current legal authority to : ( 1 ) introduce and provide new products and services ; and ( 2 ) enter into negotiated service agreements with individual customers .
summary this report [gives] an analysis of the united states postal service 's current legal authority to : ( 1 ) introduce and provide new products and services ; and ( 2 ) enter into negotiated service agreements with individual customers .

Commission Review of Proposed Changes in Domestic Mail Classifications Prior to 1970 , the array of mail services provided by the Post Office Department was codified as part of Title 39.3 The Reorganization Act replaced this statutory codification of postal services with an administrative process in which the Governors of the Postal Service establish , and the Postal Rate Commission reviews proposed changes in , the terms and conditions of postal services , which are compiled as the Domestic Mail Classification Schedule ( or `` DMCS '' ) .4 Section 3621 of Title 39 provides that `` the Governors are authorized to establish reasonable and equitable classes of mail .
commission review of proposed changes in domestic mail classifications prior to 1970 , the array of mail services provided by the post office department was codified as part of title 39.3 the reorganization act replaced this statutory codification of postal services with an administrative process in which the governors of the postal service establish , and the postal rate commission reviews proposed changes in , the terms and conditions of postal services , which are compiled as the domestic mail classification schedule ( or `` dmcs '' ) .4 section 3621 of title 39 [gives] that `` the governors are authorized to establish reasonable and equitable classes of mail .

The Postal Service complied with this requirement early in 1973 , and a Domestic Mail Classification Schedule recommended by the Commission became effective on July 6 , 1976.5 Following establishment of this initial mail classification schedule , § 3623 ( b ) provides that the Postal Service `` may from time to time request that the Commission submit , or the Commission may submit to the Governors on its own initiative , a recommended decision on changes in the mail classification schedule . ''
the postal service complied with this requirement early in 1973 , and a domestic mail classification schedule recommended by the commission became effective on july 6 , 1976.5 following establishment of this initial mail classification schedule , § 3623 ( b ) [gives] that the postal service `` may from time to time request that the commission submit , or the commission may submit to the governors on its own initiative , a recommended decision on changes in the mail classification schedule . ''

Conclusion : Negotiated rates-unaccompanied by a change in service conditions that provides cost justification-are a problematical approach to introducing additional flexibility into Postal Service business practices .
conclusion : negotiated rates-unaccompanied by a change in service conditions that [gives] cost justification-are a problematical approach to introducing additional flexibility into postal service business practices .

This paper provides a quantification of the barrier to entry in the letter mail market in the United States caused by high fixed costs in the delivery function .
this paper [gives] a quantification of the barrier to entry in the letter mail market in the united states caused by high fixed costs in the delivery function .

In addition to the volume and delivery statistics for each of the 13,212 residential routes , CCS provides the associated 5-Digit ZIP Code served by each route .
in addition to the volume and delivery statistics for each of the 13,212 residential routes , ccs [gives] the associated 5-digit zip code served by each route .

The analysis of these data provides a detailed description of the household portion of the Postal Service mailstream .
the analysis of these data [gives] a detailed description of the household portion of the postal service mailstream .

The entry interview provides mainly information on household demographics , like the size and income of the household , and the education and employment of the head of the household .
the entry interview [gives] mainly information on household demographics , like the size and income of the household , and the education and employment of the head of the household .

The entire discussion is based on an econometric model which provides no-shift elasticities,7 discount elasticities , and , by implication , own-price elasticities and cross-price elasticities for basic mail and workshared mail .
the entire discussion is based on an econometric model which [gives] no-shift elasticities,7 discount elasticities , and , by implication , own-price elasticities and cross-price elasticities for basic mail and workshared mail .

This provides an upward sloping supply of workshared mail .
this [gives] an upward sloping supply of workshared mail .

For each discount level , this provides an alternative estimate of the arriving shift volumes , based on the leaving shift volume and a reasonable attendant growth .
for each discount level , this [gives] an alternative estimate of the arriving shift volumes , based on the leaving shift volume and a reasonable attendant growth .

ICS provides a means to coordinate the efforts of individual agencies as they work toward the three main priorities of most emergencies-life safety , incident stability , and property/environment conservation .
ics [gives] a means to coordinate the efforts of individual agencies as they work toward the three main priorities of most emergencies-life safety , incident stability , and property/environment conservation .

When multiple agencies or jurisdictions are involved in a response , ICS provides for and can evolve into a unified command , with a decisionmaker from each key agency represented at the incident command level .
when multiple agencies or jurisdictions are involved in a response , ics [gives] for and can evolve into a unified command , with a decisionmaker from each key agency represented at the incident command level .

The report stated that `` the goal to 'prevent terrorism ' requires a dramatic shift in emphasis from a reactive capability to highly functioning intelligence capability which provides not only leads and operational support , but clear strategic analysis and direction . ''
the report stated that `` the goal to 'prevent terrorism ' requires a dramatic shift in emphasis from a reactive capability to highly functioning intelligence capability which [gives] not only leads and operational support , but clear strategic analysis and direction . ''

Independent from the departments of Defense , State , Justice , and other policy departments , the DCI heads the U.S.intelligence community and provides intelligence to federal entities .
independent from the departments of defense , state , justice , and other policy departments , the dci heads the u.s.intelligence community and [gives] intelligence to federal entities .

Another is the recently renamed National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency ( NGA ) , which provides and analyzes imagery and produces a wide array of products , including maps , navigation tools , and surveillance intelligence .
another is the recently renamed national geospatial-intelligence agency ( nga ) , which [gives] and analyzes imagery and produces a wide array of products , including maps , navigation tools , and surveillance intelligence .

The top-line figure by itself provides little insight into U.S. intelligence sources and methods .
the top-line figure by itself [gives] little insight into u.s. intelligence sources and methods .

The U.S. government readily provides copious information about spending on its military forces , including military intelligence .
the u.s. government readily [gives] copious information about spending on its military forces , including military intelligence .

No physical , documentary , or analytical evidence provides a convincing explanation of why Atta and Omari drove to Portland , Maine , from Boston on the morning of September 10 , only to return to Logan on Flight 5930 on the morning of September 11 .
no physical , documentary , or analytical evidence [gives] a convincing explanation of why atta and omari drove to portland , maine , from boston on the morning of september 10 , only to return to logan on flight 5930 on the morning of september 11 .

It should be integrated with the system that provides benefits to foreigners seeking to stay in the United States .
it should be integrated with the system that [gives] benefits to foreigners seeking to stay in the united states .

Recommendation : Congress should support pending legislation which provides for the expedited and increased assignment of radio spectrum for public safety purposes .
recommendation : congress should support pending legislation which [gives] for the expedited and increased assignment of radio spectrum for public safety purposes .

We believe this time frame provides enough baseline beyond the 1- to 7-d scanning window to establish the usual pattern of visits while avoiding inclusion of data that may no longer be relevant to the current period .
we believe this time frame [gives] enough baseline beyond the 1- to 7-d scanning window to establish the usual pattern of visits while avoiding inclusion of data that may no longer be relevant to the current period .

The toolkit of new techniques provides the basis for further tests to evaluate whether a chronometric model reveals a crucial set of connected computations ( circuit ) for carrying out the task .
the toolkit of new techniques [gives] the basis for further tests to evaluate whether a chronometric model reveals a crucial set of connected computations ( circuit ) for carrying out the task .

Our results suggest that Rho/ROCK signaling provides modulation of basal and stimulated α-secretase activity .
our results suggest that rho/rock signaling [gives] modulation of basal and stimulated α-secretase activity .

Identification of the role of the Rho/ROCK pathway in regulating α-secretase provides a new avenue for its therapeutic activation , even though the potential relevance of atorvastatin-mediated ROCK1 inhibition in neurons may not explain the apparent clinical benefits of the drug .
identification of the role of the rho/rock pathway in regulating α-secretase [gives] a new avenue for its therapeutic activation , even though the potential relevance of atorvastatin-mediated rock1 inhibition in neurons may not explain the apparent clinical benefits of the drug .

Figure 1 provides an overview of the study population and the data collected .
figure 1 [gives] an overview of the study population and the data collected .

JSTOR has achieved that transition , and its success provides a model for others .
jstor has achieved that transition , and its success [gives] a model for others .

The reason this is not the case is that the American diet provides too much food , which is a particular problem for those genetically predisposed to AD .
the reason this is not the case is that the american diet [gives] too much food , which is a particular problem for those genetically predisposed to ad .

It provides a valuable source of data for the reconstruction of phylogeny ( Salemi and Vandamme 2003 ) .
it [gives] a valuable source of data for the reconstruction of phylogeny ( salemi and vandamme 2003 ) .

Finally , conservation provides fundamental insights into how complex biological systems , such as immunity , are assembled , maintained , and altered in evolution .
finally , conservation [gives] fundamental insights into how complex biological systems , such as immunity , are assembled , maintained , and altered in evolution .

The history of many European countries is such that Europe has much stronger ties with Africa than does the United States , so it makes political sense for the European Union to fund research that provides a springboard for European researchers to compete effectively with US scientists .
the history of many european countries is such that europe has much stronger ties with africa than does the united states , so it makes political sense for the european union to fund research that [gives] a springboard for european researchers to compete effectively with us scientists .

Effective policies can prevent some of this impact , if action is taken now ; Ezzati and colleagues ' work provides a basis for planning such interventions .
effective policies can prevent some of this impact , if action is taken now ; ezzati and colleagues ' work [gives] a basis for planning such interventions .

Thus , the RsrA regulatory circuit provides another example , comparable to OxyR , in which the modification of a regulatory protein thiol group can be linked to a change in the transcriptional output of genes that remediate stress .
thus , the rsra regulatory circuit [gives] another example , comparable to oxyr , in which the modification of a regulatory protein thiol group can be linked to a change in the transcriptional output of genes that remediate stress .

Perhaps Zn binding provides some additional control over the reactivity of the cysteine thiols , or perhaps the loss of the zinc facilitates conformational changes .
perhaps zn binding [gives] some additional control over the reactivity of the cysteine thiols , or perhaps the loss of the zinc facilitates conformational changes .

A deep reading of his book will require considerably more mathematical competence than most evolutionary biologists ( including this reviewer ) have , but Gavrilets provides excellent verbal explanations of the models ' assumptions and conclusions , as well as comparisons and critiques of related models .
a deep reading of his book will require considerably more mathematical competence than most evolutionary biologists ( including this reviewer ) have , but gavrilets [gives] excellent verbal explanations of the models ' assumptions and conclusions , as well as comparisons and critiques of related models .

The relation between range overlap of related species and their molecularly dated time of divergence provides some evidence on the role of geographic versus sympatric speciation ( i.e. , speciation without geographic segregation ) .
the relation between range overlap of related species and their molecularly dated time of divergence [gives] some evidence on the role of geographic versus sympatric speciation ( i.e. , speciation without geographic segregation ) .

Gavrilets provides an exhaustive analysis of the many models of sympatric speciation , and identifies some key issues that have been underemphasized .
gavrilets [gives] an exhaustive analysis of the many models of sympatric speciation , and identifies some key issues that have been underemphasized .

Third , to our knowledge , our report provides the first controlled study demonstrating increased apoptosis specifically in PTECs in DNP with TED and IF .
third , to our knowledge , our report [gives] the first controlled study demonstrating increased apoptosis specifically in ptecs in dnp with ted and if .

There is no high-quality evidence that such a costly treatment regimen provides results superior to those achieved with smaller doses .
there is no high-quality evidence that such a costly treatment regimen [gives] results superior to those achieved with smaller doses .

Many such studies , done with animals , show greater neural complexity after having been exposed to an enriched environment that provides lots of stimulation , for example by including wheels , tunnels , toys , and gnawing sticks [ 11 ] .
many such studies , done with animals , show greater neural complexity after having been exposed to an enriched environment that [gives] lots of stimulation , for example by including wheels , tunnels , toys , and gnawing sticks [ 11 ] .

Nothing that Elliott says provides any reason to think otherwise .
nothing that elliott says [gives] any reason to think otherwise .

Such a normative framework provides for procedural protections ; it also provides for human rights oversight and remedies in the event of abuses .
such a normative framework [gives] for procedural protections ; it also [gives] for human rights oversight and remedies in the event of abuses .

It is thought that this competition provides a certain level of stringency or quality control to the system .
it is thought that this competition [gives] a certain level of stringency or quality control to the system .

Reinforcement provides a pathway toward the completion of the speciation process .
reinforcement [gives] a pathway toward the completion of the speciation process .

The CFAS is important because it provides the first multi-site comparison of incidence rates in ethnically homogeneous populations within a country , and within Europe , using identical methodology across sites .
the cfas is important because it [gives] the first multi-site comparison of incidence rates in ethnically homogeneous populations within a country , and within europe , using identical methodology across sites .

Gene duplication provides opportunities to explore this forbidden evolutionary space more widely by generating duplicates of a gene that can ‘ wander ’ more freely , on condition that between them they continue to supply the original function .
gene duplication [gives] opportunities to explore this forbidden evolutionary space more widely by generating duplicates of a gene that can ‘ wander ’ more freely , on condition that between them they continue to supply the original function .

It not only provides structural support for the cell but also plays a central role in a range of dynamic processes from signalling to endocytosis and intracellular trafficking .
it not only [gives] structural support for the cell but also plays a central role in a range of dynamic processes from signalling to endocytosis and intracellular trafficking .

These cells have a simple polarised arrangement of actin filaments , which provides a useful system to study the spatial organisation of the actin cytoskeleton .
these cells have a simple polarised arrangement of actin filaments , which [gives] a useful system to study the spatial organisation of the actin cytoskeleton .

From Bob Clark 's snug office in Boise , Idaho , where he manages the United States government 's Joint Fire Science Program ( JFSP ) , he figures his computer provides fingertip reach to just about everybody who 's anybody in wildfire research .
from bob clark 's snug office in boise , idaho , where he manages the united states government 's joint fire science program ( jfsp ) , he figures his computer [gives] fingertip reach to just about everybody who 's anybody in wildfire research .

The hormone provides an interesting link between obesity and pathophysiological processes such as insulin resistance and atherosclerosis , and disorders such as autoimmune and cardiovascular diseases and the metabolic syndrome .
the hormone [gives] an interesting link between obesity and pathophysiological processes such as insulin resistance and atherosclerosis , and disorders such as autoimmune and cardiovascular diseases and the metabolic syndrome .

The study provides an exciting addition to the growing literature showing relationships between sleep curtailment , metabolic hormones , and metabolic disorders ( including obesity ) .
the study [gives] an exciting addition to the growing literature showing relationships between sleep curtailment , metabolic hormones , and metabolic disorders ( including obesity ) .

The authors ' keen recognition of this problem provides a significant strength to the present study .
the authors ' keen recognition of this problem [gives] a significant strength to the present study .

Translating Knowledge of Exercise Biology to Novel Therapeutics Greater knowledge of how cells and tissues are modified in response to recurring bouts of exercise provides a basis for more precise recommendations as to the mode , intensity , and amount of exercise required to produce specific health benefits ( e.g. , treatment of dyslipidemia [ 13 ] , control of body weight [ 14 ] , or prevention of diabetes [ 15 ] ) .
translating knowledge of exercise biology to novel therapeutics greater knowledge of how cells and tissues are modified in response to recurring bouts of exercise [gives] a basis for more precise recommendations as to the mode , intensity , and amount of exercise required to produce specific health benefits ( e.g. , treatment of dyslipidemia [ 13 ] , control of body weight [ 14 ] , or prevention of diabetes [ 15 ] ) .

People have little reason to seek HIV testing when a positive result brings only negative consequences , whereas widespread availability of treatment provides a major incentive for people to learn their serostatus .
people have little reason to seek hiv testing when a positive result brings only negative consequences , whereas widespread availability of treatment [gives] a major incentive for people to learn their serostatus .

In any case , the enormous diversity in the normal TCR repertoire provides a molecular explanation of the observed phenomenon .
in any case , the enormous diversity in the normal tcr repertoire [gives] a molecular explanation of the observed phenomenon .

As academic editors they , along with a senior editor at the journal , take research papers through the peer review process in a way that we believe provides the most constructive and fair review .
as academic editors they , along with a senior editor at the journal , take research papers through the peer review process in a way that we believe [gives] the most constructive and fair review .

Literature provides ideas and new hypotheses , but is not constrained to provide facts in formats suitable for use in databases .
literature [gives] ideas and new hypotheses , but is not constrained to provide facts in formats suitable for use in databases .

To gain some perspective of this figure : an average individual handles 2,000 to 20,000 terms in his or her daily language , and Merriam-Webster 's Collegiate Dictionary provides definitions for 225,000 terms ( www.merriam-webstercollegiate.com/ ) .
to gain some perspective of this figure : an average individual handles 2,000 to 20,000 terms in his or her daily language , and merriam-webster 's collegiate dictionary [gives] definitions for 225,000 terms ( www.merriam-webstercollegiate.com/ ) .

Hopkins provides the following illustration : ‘ We have been doing “ shelf screens ” , in which we go back to our collection of mutants to find all those that affect the development of a single organ .
hopkins [gives] the following illustration : ‘ we have been doing “ shelf screens ” , in which we go back to our collection of mutants to find all those that affect the development of a single organ .

Where to Find Out More ZF-MODELS More details of the work included in this European Union Integrated Project can be found at http : //www.zf-models.org ZFIN The ZFIN Web site , at http : //z.n.org/ZFIN , provides an extensive database for the zebrafish community including genetic , genomic , and developmental information ; search engines for zebrafish researchers and laboratories ; listings of meetings ; and links to many other zebrafish sites , including sites with movies of zebrafish development .
where to find out more zf-models more details of the work included in this european union integrated project can be found at http : //www.zf-models.org zfin the zfin web site , at http : //z.n.org/zfin , [gives] an extensive database for the zebrafish community including genetic , genomic , and developmental information ; search engines for zebrafish researchers and laboratories ; listings of meetings ; and links to many other zebrafish sites , including sites with movies of zebrafish development .

In armored scale insects , a genetically distinct but ultimately sterile cell lineage ( the bacteriome ) provides nutrition to its potentially fertile “ sibling ” cell lineage ( the rest of the scale insect ) —though , of course , polar body-derived cells are “ sibling ” in a strange special sense .
in armored scale insects , a genetically distinct but ultimately sterile cell lineage ( the bacteriome ) [gives] nutrition to its potentially fertile “ sibling ” cell lineage ( the rest of the scale insect ) —though , of course , polar body-derived cells are “ sibling ” in a strange special sense .

The recent detention and subsequent release of 39 male transvestite members of the Blue Diamond Society , a local organization that provides sexual health , HIV/AIDS , and advocacy services to sexual minorities , highlights the challenges faced by sexual minorities in Nepal [ 16 ] .
the recent detention and subsequent release of 39 male transvestite members of the blue diamond society , a local organization that [gives] sexual health , hiv/aids , and advocacy services to sexual minorities , highlights the challenges faced by sexual minorities in nepal [ 16 ] .

In such a case , using a short-acting ( regular ) insulin before meals provides insulin action that closely approximates normal insulin secretion ( Figure 4 ) .
in such a case , using a short-acting ( regular ) insulin before meals [gives] insulin action that closely approximates normal insulin secretion ( figure 4 ) .

The key strength of fMRI , she says , is that it provides the ability to test these kinds of hypotheses about structure–function relationships in the normal brain .
the key strength of fmri , she says , is that it [gives] the ability to test these kinds of hypotheses about structure–function relationships in the normal brain .

Although staining with peptide–MHC tetramers provides a direct estimate for the number of TAA-specific T cells present in vivo , and intensity of tetramer staining has been employed as a parameter for isolation of high-RE , tumor-lytic T cells [ 27 ] , staining intensity does not correlate well with RE or tumor-lytic potential [ 28,29 ] , and can not be considered a reliable indicator for the functional status of TAA-specific T cells .
although staining with peptide–mhc tetramers [gives] a direct estimate for the number of taa-specific t cells present in vivo , and intensity of tetramer staining has been employed as a parameter for isolation of high-re , tumor-lytic t cells [ 27 ] , staining intensity does not correlate well with re or tumor-lytic potential [ 28,29 ] , and can not be considered a reliable indicator for the functional status of taa-specific t cells .

This suggests that the high dosage of peptides administered in vaccinations and the increased binding capacity of heteroclitic peptides to MHC molecules—the very quality that provides them with increased immunogenicity—drive the induction of many T cells with low RE for both heteroclitic and native peptides .
this suggests that the high dosage of peptides administered in vaccinations and the increased binding capacity of heteroclitic peptides to mhc molecules—the very quality that [gives] them with increased immunogenicity—drive the induction of many t cells with low re for both heteroclitic and native peptides .

The new world of rapid throughput and endless documentation provides little time to reflect upon important clinical problems and consider fresh approaches .
the new world of rapid throughput and endless documentation [gives] little time to reflect upon important clinical problems and consider fresh approaches .

The quality sweet provides a guide to calorie-rich foods .
the quality sweet [gives] a guide to calorie-rich foods .

However , IMT provides a highly satisfactory parameter by which to judge the effectiveness of treatment in familial coronary artery disease : IMT stabilization and reversal are good , whereas progression is bad and requires more intensive measures .
however , imt [gives] a highly satisfactory parameter by which to judge the effectiveness of treatment in familial coronary artery disease : imt stabilization and reversal are good , whereas progression is bad and requires more intensive measures .

Discussion Our study provides novel evidence suggesting that correlations in health outcomes among adult women twin pairs who lived together through childhood vary by their subsequent socioeconomic position , with results sensitive to choice of socioeconomic measure .
discussion our study [gives] novel evidence suggesting that correlations in health outcomes among adult women twin pairs who lived together through childhood vary by their subsequent socioeconomic position , with results sensitive to choice of socioeconomic measure .

A mouse model , as in any reductionist approach , is both inconvenient , because it provides only a partial representation of the real biological complexity underlying the human disease , and advantageous , because it is a more tractable tool with which to probe mechanistic issues .
a mouse model , as in any reductionist approach , is both inconvenient , because it [gives] only a partial representation of the real biological complexity underlying the human disease , and advantageous , because it is a more tractable tool with which to probe mechanistic issues .

Improved access to HIV testing provides an entry point to both prevention and treatment services and provides a unique opportunity to identify and target the infected , vulnerable , and uninfected with more appropriate interventions .
improved access to hiv testing [gives] an entry point to both prevention and treatment services and [gives] a unique opportunity to identify and target the infected , vulnerable , and uninfected with more appropriate interventions .

This provides an opportunity to address the prevention and treatment needs of vulnerable groups more effectively .
this [gives] an opportunity to address the prevention and treatment needs of vulnerable groups more effectively .

The cross provides the mechanism by which genes are exchanged between the parents so that a wide array of diverse individuals is observed in the progeny of future generations .
the cross [gives] the mechanism by which genes are exchanged between the parents so that a wide array of diverse individuals is observed in the progeny of future generations .

From a breeding perspective , this provides the basis for selection so that individuals containing the best features of both parents can be identified and further bred .
from a breeding perspective , this [gives] the basis for selection so that individuals containing the best features of both parents can be identified and further bred .

Occasionally , science provides an interpretation that fits cleanly into the framework of existing ideas , and then it is heralded with great applause , and often with a sense of relief .
occasionally , science [gives] an interpretation that fits cleanly into the framework of existing ideas , and then it is heralded with great applause , and often with a sense of relief .

Food is a force that brings diverse people together , it provides a focal point for human discourse , and it enhances our enjoyment of life .
food is a force that brings diverse people together , it [gives] a focal point for human discourse , and it enhances our enjoyment of life .

The developmental stage distribution of circulating parasites , which also provides information on the sequestered parasites , was also evaluated in relation to plasma PfHRP2 levels in these patients .
the developmental stage distribution of circulating parasites , which also [gives] information on the sequestered parasites , was also evaluated in relation to plasma pfhrp2 levels in these patients .

The Wolbachia genome also provides a valuable tool for future research to test whether plasticity extends to gene content variation among Wolbachia strains and labile gene expression patterns .
the wolbachia genome also [gives] a valuable tool for future research to test whether plasticity extends to gene content variation among wolbachia strains and labile gene expression patterns .

The blue Rocky Mountain penstemon , Penstemon strictus , provides a good example ( Castellanos et al .
the blue rocky mountain penstemon , penstemon strictus , [gives] a good example ( castellanos et al .

The other flower type , or bird flower , is yellow and is efficiently pollinated by birds , but not by bees—the red beardlip penstemon P. barbatus provides an example of this type ( Castellanos et al .
the other flower type , or bird flower , is yellow and is efficiently pollinated by birds , but not by bees—the red beardlip penstemon p. barbatus [gives] an example of this type ( castellanos et al .

Open-access publishing provides the right mix of benefits for educators and students alike .
open-access publishing [gives] the right mix of benefits for educators and students alike .

Early in the book , she describes her own hospitalization for manic-depressive illness , a disclosure that implicitly places her in the pantheon of other artists who have suffered from serious mental illness and provides her with lustre-by-association .
early in the book , she describes her own hospitalization for manic-depressive illness , a disclosure that implicitly places her in the pantheon of other artists who have suffered from serious mental illness and [gives] her with lustre-by-association .

Many studies have confirmed that supporting a strong primary care base provides better outcomes at a lower cost [ 12 ] .
many studies have confirmed that supporting a strong primary care base [gives] better outcomes at a lower cost [ 12 ] .

A New Drug Pipeline The success of these three unusual strategies , all originating within academic centers , provides a new drug pipeline for parasitic diseases with no market value for the pharmaceutical industry ( Figure 1 ) .
a new drug pipeline the success of these three unusual strategies , all originating within academic centers , [gives] a new drug pipeline for parasitic diseases with no market value for the pharmaceutical industry ( figure 1 ) .

Each of these genes has received support from multiple lines of evidence with imperfect consistency : 1 ) The case for each of these as a candidate gene for schizophrenia is supported by linkage studies ; 2 ) The preponderance of association study findings provides further support ; 3 ) mRNA from each gene is expressed in the prefrontal cortex as well as in other areas of the brain ; and 4 ) Additional neurobiological data link the functions of these genes to biological processes thought to be related to schizophrenia .
each of these genes has received support from multiple lines of evidence with imperfect consistency : 1 ) the case for each of these as a candidate gene for schizophrenia is supported by linkage studies ; 2 ) the preponderance of association study findings [gives] further support ; 3 ) mrna from each gene is expressed in the prefrontal cortex as well as in other areas of the brain ; and 4 ) additional neurobiological data link the functions of these genes to biological processes thought to be related to schizophrenia .

Schizophrenia research has never been easy : the current epoch of investigation into the genetics of schizophrenia provides a set of tantalizing clues , but definitive answers are not yet fully established .
schizophrenia research has never been easy : the current epoch of investigation into the genetics of schizophrenia [gives] a set of tantalizing clues , but definitive answers are not yet fully established .

The current World Health Organization treatment target of having three million people on antiretroviral therapy by the end of 2005 ( the “ 3 by 5 ” objective ) provides a yardstick for only one part of the equation .
the current world health organization treatment target of having three million people on antiretroviral therapy by the end of 2005 ( the “ 3 by 5 ” objective ) [gives] a yardstick for only one part of the equation .

This discovery provides an important new target for future experimental validation and iterative lead optimization .
this discovery [gives] an important new target for future experimental validation and iterative lead optimization .

The scientific literature will remain biased unless the publishing industry changes its practices and provides a place where the results from all registered trials can be published .
the scientific literature will remain biased unless the publishing industry changes its practices and [gives] a place where the results from all registered trials can be published .

This modest increase in the input from the peripheral auditory receptors provides little basis for the development of human speech and language , which had much more to do with the increase in the central brain mechanisms that elaborate the input .
this modest increase in the input from the peripheral auditory receptors [gives] little basis for the development of human speech and language , which had much more to do with the increase in the central brain mechanisms that elaborate the input .

Consequently , any initiative that provides open access to scientific literature and databases is extremely useful .
consequently , any initiative that [gives] open access to scientific literature and databases is extremely useful .

As a result , the mirror system provides a possible ‘ neural link ’ in the evolution of human language .
as a result , the mirror system [gives] a possible ‘ neural link ’ in the evolution of human language .

The community-led nature of the new journals , coupled with a business model in which publication costs are borne largely by publication charges , provides an example for other journals that wish to transition to open access .
the community-led nature of the new journals , coupled with a business model in which publication costs are borne largely by publication charges , [gives] an example for other journals that wish to transition to open access .

The National Center for Health Statistics provides complete descriptions of both surveys and yearly data at http : //www.cdc.gov/nchs/about/major/ahcd/ahcd1.htm .
the national center for health statistics [gives] complete descriptions of both surveys and yearly data at http : //www.cdc.gov/nchs/about/major/ahcd/ahcd1.htm .

It also provides a plausible approach to nanofabrications .
it also [gives] a plausible approach to nanofabrications .

Your Annual Campaign contribution provides comprehensive support .
your annual campaign contribution [gives] comprehensive support .

A contribution of $ 395 provides full participation in the Club for a boy or girl for one year ; however , your gift in any amount can make a difference in a child 's life .
a contribution of $ 395 [gives] full participation in the club for a boy or girl for one year ; however , your gift in any amount can make a difference in a child 's life .

The enclosed brochure provides information on the old law school building , the Society , and the programs supported by private funds .
the enclosed brochure [gives] information on the old law school building , the society , and the programs supported by private funds .

For patrons , artists , students and actors , Civic provides the best in professionally produced amateur productions in our community , and one of the best in the nation .
for patrons , artists , students and actors , civic [gives] the best in professionally produced amateur productions in our community , and one of the best in the nation .

In addition to our acclaimed Mainstage performances , your community theatre : Serves local theatre artists , technicians and aspiring students of performing arts with artistic leadership , masterful technical elements and exciting camaraderie allowing volunteer actors and technical crew members to stretch in a professional atmosphere and nurture their talents ; Operates Junior Civic , a quickly expanding year-round education program that provides a nurturing environment for theatrical education for children ages preschool to high school .
in addition to our acclaimed mainstage performances , your community theatre : serves local theatre artists , technicians and aspiring students of performing arts with artistic leadership , masterful technical elements and exciting camaraderie allowing volunteer actors and technical crew members to stretch in a professional atmosphere and nurture their talents ; operates junior civic , a quickly expanding year-round education program that [gives] a nurturing environment for theatrical education for children ages preschool to high school .

Please renew your support today for the opportunities and experiences your gift provides .
please renew your support today for the opportunities and experiences your gift [gives] .

The Chancellor 's Circle at IUPUI provides Chancellor Gerald L. Bepko with an important source of unrestricted funds to help him to respond to the challenges of a rapidly changing environment .
the chancellor 's circle at iupui [gives] chancellor gerald l. bepko with an important source of unrestricted funds to help him to respond to the challenges of a rapidly changing environment .

You are invited to join the Chancellor 's Circle at IUPUI which provides unrestricted funds for Jerry 's use .
you are invited to join the chancellor 's circle at iupui which [gives] unrestricted funds for jerry 's use .

It exemplifies the support and encouragement that the faculty and community provides .
it exemplifies the support and encouragement that the faculty and community [gives] .

The Social Health Association provides , through its own teachers , age-appropriate , abstinence based , in-school programming in three different areas : human growth and development ; AIDS and STD education ; and life skills ( conflict resolution , peer pressure , decision-making ) .
the social health association [gives] , through its own teachers , age-appropriate , abstinence based , in-school programming in three different areas : human growth and development ; aids and std education ; and life skills ( conflict resolution , peer pressure , decision-making ) .

Giving levels : $ 50 club sponsor provides supplies needed for one club $ 100 camper sponsor provides one child a whole week of fun at camp .
giving levels : $ 50 club sponsor [gives] supplies needed for one club $ 100 camper sponsor [gives] one child a whole week of fun at camp .

Founded in 1985 by successful business owners and professionals with disabilities , and restructured in 1991 as a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) charitable , nonprofit membership organization , the dba provides business information and assistance to enterprising individuals with disabilities , worldwide .
founded in 1985 by successful business owners and professionals with disabilities , and restructured in 1991 as a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) charitable , nonprofit membership organization , the dba [gives] business information and assistance to enterprising individuals with disabilities , worldwide .

What began as a touring group of actors in 1973 that played to students in cities like Gary , Elkhart and Terre Haute , the IRT education program today now provides : -Artist in the Classroom programs where community artists teach creative dramatics and theatre to students who ca n't attend the IRT because of location or , unfortunately , because of finances .
what began as a touring group of actors in 1973 that played to students in cities like gary , elkhart and terre haute , the irt education program today now [gives] : -artist in the classroom programs where community artists teach creative dramatics and theatre to students who ca n't attend the irt because of location or , unfortunately , because of finances .

Goodwill provides jobs at Goodwill .
goodwill [gives] jobs at goodwill .

I obviously ca n't tell the whole story of MCCOY in a single letter but I hope this provides an overview of the scope of our work .
i obviously ca n't tell the whole story of mccoy in a single letter but i hope this [gives] an overview of the scope of our work .

As the Clubhouse Monitor at Bent Tree Apartments , he now provides customer service for 50 to 60 tenants each night .
as the clubhouse monitor at bent tree apartments , he now [gives] customer service for 50 to 60 tenants each night .

We are no longer a state supported law school , for the state no longer provides the great bulk of our funding .
we are no longer a state supported law school , for the state no longer [gives] the great bulk of our funding .

Calls for help from families that need the crisis services VNS provides for their children ring throughout the season .
calls for help from families that need the crisis services vns [gives] for their children ring throughout the season .

Your gift not only helps with the care of animal and plant collections and daily expenses of running the Zoo and Gardens , but also provides the needed funding of special projects like African elephant research and construction of new holding facilities .
your gift not only helps with the care of animal and plant collections and daily expenses of running the zoo and gardens , but also [gives] the needed funding of special projects like african elephant research and construction of new holding facilities .

I hope that you agree that the Indianapolis Zoological Society enhances this community and provides a safe and happy environment for those who live and work in Indiana .
i hope that you agree that the indianapolis zoological society enhances this community and [gives] a safe and happy environment for those who live and work in indiana .

This Fund provides Indiana 's pedo program with enrichment opportunities that are equaled by few , if any , other programs in the country .
this fund [gives] indiana 's pedo program with enrichment opportunities that are equaled by few , if any , other programs in the country .

In addition to the matinees , the education program provides tours , playguides for the teachers to use with their curriculum , and technical and artistic discussions .
in addition to the matinees , the education program [gives] tours , playguides for the teachers to use with their curriculum , and technical and artistic discussions .

Please use the enclosed pledge card and return envelope to become part of the mirror that IRT provides .
please use the enclosed pledge card and return envelope to become part of the mirror that irt [gives] .

Your humane society provides not only effective community social services for animals and their people , but also serves as the `` pound '' for the City of Nashua .
your humane society [gives] not only effective community social services for animals and their people , but also serves as the `` pound '' for the city of nashua .

You are invited to renew your support of the Chancellor 's Circle at IUPUI which provides unrestricted funds for Chancellor Jerry Bepko 's use .
you are invited to renew your support of the chancellor 's circle at iupui which [gives] unrestricted funds for chancellor jerry bepko 's use .

December 10 , 1999 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear Mr. and Mrs. Name : Each year the IMA ' s Annual Campaign provides nearly one-third of the museum 's $ 11million operating budget .
december 10 , 1999 name address city , st zip dear mr. and mrs. name : each year the ima ' s annual campaign [gives] nearly one-third of the museum 's $ 11million operating budget .

Their complaint : the system discourages working because unemployment provides benefits that many entry-level jobs do n't include .
their complaint : the system discourages working because unemployment [gives] benefits that many entry-level jobs do n't include .

Support from the faculty is important , not only for the income it provides , but also to demonstrate to our Friends in the community our own commitment to the goals and purposes of Friends .
support from the faculty is important , not only for the income it [gives] , but also to demonstrate to our friends in the community our own commitment to the goals and purposes of friends .

Here are just some of the services your gift can buy : $ 5.81 provides a hot , nutritious meal for a person aged 60+ .
here are just some of the services your gift can buy : $ 5.81 [gives] a hot , nutritious meal for a person aged 60+ .

Through outdoor activities , learning projects , and community service , Girl Scouting provides girls with the tools to face those challenges and make sound decisions .
through outdoor activities , learning projects , and community service , girl scouting [gives] girls with the tools to face those challenges and make sound decisions .

It also provides the city , state and nation with a unique educational resource for garden design , plant material selection and plant husbandry ( especially for those in the Zone 5 growing region ) .
it also [gives] the city , state and nation with a unique educational resource for garden design , plant material selection and plant husbandry ( especially for those in the zone 5 growing region ) .

I am sure you are aware that Girl Scouting provides programs which help girls to develop values , contribute to their society , and develop to their own potential .
i am sure you are aware that girl scouting [gives] programs which help girls to develop values , contribute to their society , and develop to their own potential .

School Age Child Care : Provides affordable , developmentally appropriate care of children both before and after school .
school age child care : [gives] affordable , developmentally appropriate care of children both before and after school .

Breast and Cervical Cancer Program : Provides information on the signs and symptoms and assists women in finding and using local resources for breast exams , mammographies , and pap smears .
breast and cervical cancer program : [gives] information on the signs and symptoms and assists women in finding and using local resources for breast exams , mammographies , and pap smears .

The Social Health Association provides , through its own teachers , age-appropriate , abstinence based , in-school programming in three different areas : human growth and development ; AIDS/STD education ; and life skills ( conflict resolution , peer pressure , decision-making ) .
the social health association [gives] , through its own teachers , age-appropriate , abstinence based , in-school programming in three different areas : human growth and development ; aids/std education ; and life skills ( conflict resolution , peer pressure , decision-making ) .

Take advantage of the benefit your company provides by having your gift matched for your alma mater .
take advantage of the benefit your company [gives] by having your gift matched for your alma mater .

Dubai provides companies and governments a vital asset : automatic deniability .
dubai [gives] companies and governments a vital asset : automatic deniability .

An onboard computer provides laser ranging and target location within 10m .
an onboard computer [gives] laser ranging and target location within 10m .

The mast mounted sight contains a suite of sensors which includes : a high resolution television camera for long range target detection ; a thermal imaging sensor for navigation , target acquisition and designation ; a laser rangefinder/designator for target location and guidance of the Hellfire missiles and designation for Copperhead artillery rounds ; and a boresight assembly which provides in-flight sensor alignment .
the mast mounted sight contains a suite of sensors which includes : a high resolution television camera for long range target detection ; a thermal imaging sensor for navigation , target acquisition and designation ; a laser rangefinder/designator for target location and guidance of the hellfire missiles and designation for copperhead artillery rounds ; and a boresight assembly which [gives] in-flight sensor alignment .

She provides our entrance into the story , and her reactions to Brandon let us know who Brandon is and how he/she is perceived .
she [gives] our entrance into the story , and her reactions to brandon let us know who brandon is and how he/she is perceived .

Anthony Hopkins was splendid , too , in a role that provides the definition of thankless .
anthony hopkins was splendid , too , in a role that [gives] the definition of thankless .

The Times provides plenty of biographical detail : Tudjman rose to power as a Communist general , in the 1970s and 1980s he was imprisoned for nationalist activities , and he died of cancer-related complications .
the times [gives] plenty of biographical detail : tudjman rose to power as a communist general , in the 1970s and 1980s he was imprisoned for nationalist activities , and he died of cancer-related complications .

The Redcliff Ascent Outdoor Therapy Program provides group counseling and forbids sarcasm .
the redcliff ascent outdoor therapy program [gives] group counseling and forbids sarcasm .

All the details De Palma withholds in that first showoff sequence he provides in the next hour : the fight , which a video replay suggests was `` thrown '' ; the secretary 's barely heard conversation with a blond `` bystander '' ( Carla Gugino ) who has glancingly caught one of the bullets ; and the comings and goings of a mysterious woman with red hair and lots of cleavage and a wild man with a radio earpiece who shouts at the champ that he 's going down , he 's going down .
all the details de palma withholds in that first showoff sequence he [gives] in the next hour : the fight , which a video replay suggests was `` thrown '' ; the secretary 's barely heard conversation with a blond `` bystander '' ( carla gugino ) who has glancingly caught one of the bullets ; and the comings and goings of a mysterious woman with red hair and lots of cleavage and a wild man with a radio earpiece who shouts at the champ that he 's going down , he 's going down .

Woolf provides a nightmarish echo to Mrs. Dalloway in Septimus Warren Smith ( Rupert Graves ) , an ex-soldier who has had the misfortune of witnessing a buddy being blown to bits in front of his eyes .
woolf [gives] a nightmarish echo to mrs. dalloway in septimus warren smith ( rupert graves ) , an ex-soldier who has had the misfortune of witnessing a buddy being blown to bits in front of his eyes .

It also provides an extensive set of links to other political sites , including those maintained by many candidates .
it also [gives] an extensive set of links to other political sites , including those maintained by many candidates .

Al 's Wedding-related jokes and one-liners provides the usual dosage of in-law bashing and sex-hurrahing , and there are several America 's Funniest Home Videos -type pages devoted to accounts of actual wedding mishaps ( the comatose bride , Grandpa and the topless dancer , and so on ) .
al 's wedding-related jokes and one-liners [gives] the usual dosage of in-law bashing and sex-hurrahing , and there are several america 's funniest home videos -type pages devoted to accounts of actual wedding mishaps ( the comatose bride , grandpa and the topless dancer , and so on ) .

When an anonymous benefactor provides him with the means to travel to New York and show his paintings at a SoHo gallery , he goes somewhat mulishly .
when an anonymous benefactor [gives] him with the means to travel to new york and show his paintings at a soho gallery , he goes somewhat mulishly .

The paper also describes this piece of Congressional budget reasoning : `` [ B ] ecause of the killing of two Capitol Hill police officers earlier this year , it provides $ 200 million to develop a visitor center to more easily control entry into the Capitol and a tightening of security at the Capitol and the Library of Congress . ''
the paper also describes this piece of congressional budget reasoning : `` [ b ] ecause of the killing of two capitol hill police officers earlier this year , it [gives] $ 200 million to develop a visitor center to more easily control entry into the capitol and a tightening of security at the capitol and the library of congress . ''

USAT provides further interpretation when it quotes a GOP pollster 's comment , `` A few weeks ago , this election looked like a baked Alaska .
usat [gives] further interpretation when it quotes a gop pollster 's comment , `` a few weeks ago , this election looked like a baked alaska .

The NYT provides some facts from a recent survey conducted last week by Le Figaro : Only 47 percent of French people bathe daily , only 60 percent change their underwear daily , and 6 percent never wash their hands .
the nyt [gives] some facts from a recent survey conducted last week by le figaro : only 47 percent of french people bathe daily , only 60 percent change their underwear daily , and 6 percent never wash their hands .

The Times says the Clinton disability proposal -- similar to a bipartisan bill that did n't make it to a floor vote in this Congress -- is designed to correct the feature of current law under which the disabled usually have to choose between working and keeping their health insurance -- particularly perverse in the many cases when it 's precisely the insurance that provides the therapy and/or medicine that allows the person to hold a job .
the times says the clinton disability proposal -- similar to a bipartisan bill that did n't make it to a floor vote in this congress -- is designed to correct the feature of current law under which the disabled usually have to choose between working and keeping their health insurance -- particularly perverse in the many cases when it 's precisely the insurance that [gives] the therapy and/or medicine that allows the person to hold a job .

The Jencks and Swingle article provides some of that necessary missing information for the nation as a whole -- as much as the existing statistics can provide .
the jencks and swingle article [gives] some of that necessary missing information for the nation as a whole -- as much as the existing statistics can provide .

If Vermont declines to recognize gay marriage , it will have to define a new category of domestic partnership that provides precisely the same state protections and benefits as marriage .
if vermont declines to recognize gay marriage , it will have to define a new category of domestic partnership that [gives] precisely the same state protections and benefits as marriage .

The Vermont ruling provides a basis for the argument that the U.S. Constitution 's equal protection clause should be interpreted to guarantee marriage rights for gays nationally .
the vermont ruling [gives] a basis for the argument that the u.s. constitution 's equal protection clause should be interpreted to guarantee marriage rights for gays nationally .

The `` Lexington '' column celebrates the retirement of Michael Jordan , if only because it provides relief from the recent battle between the game 's `` short billionaires and tall millionaires . ''
the `` lexington '' column celebrates the retirement of michael jordan , if only because it [gives] relief from the recent battle between the game 's `` short billionaires and tall millionaires . ''

Such a limpid production provides a window into the merits and flaws of the play itself .
such a limpid production [gives] a window into the merits and flaws of the play itself .

The suspicion that Starr is scheming to make the Senate punish Clinton provides a convenient rationalization for doing the opposite .
the suspicion that starr is scheming to make the senate punish clinton [gives] a convenient rationalization for doing the opposite .

This suspicion may be a delusion or a self-delusion , but it nevertheless provides an excuse to vote against the resolution .
this suspicion may be a delusion or a self-delusion , but it nevertheless [gives] an excuse to vote against the resolution .

At one time I had thought our problem might be solved by the 25 th Amendment , which provides for the removal of a president found unable to perform the duties of his office .
at one time i had thought our problem might be solved by the 25 th amendment , which [gives] for the removal of a president found unable to perform the duties of his office .

It 's ArtNet , on online service which now provides access to the wares of 700 dealers around the world , and which is adding new galleries at the rate of 70 a month .
it 's artnet , on online service which now [gives] access to the wares of 700 dealers around the world , and which is adding new galleries at the rate of 70 a month .

Critics agree that Amis is one of the most talented writers of his generation ; they disagree as to whether this collection provides fresh evidence .
critics agree that amis is one of the most talented writers of his generation ; they disagree as to whether this collection [gives] fresh evidence .

Most surreal act of censorship : Western musicals such as Mary Poppins are screened , but every time a female character sings or dances , she is replaced by an Iranian narrator who provides spoken commentary instead .
most surreal act of censorship : western musicals such as mary poppins are screened , but every time a female character sings or dances , she is replaced by an iranian narrator who [gives] spoken commentary instead .

This establishment provides four bistro tables , which obviously fill up quickly on weekends .
this establishment [gives] four bistro tables , which obviously fill up quickly on weekends .

I wonder if rich ladies ' self-actualization provides a useful model for legislation to help poor women .
i wonder if rich ladies ' self-actualization [gives] a useful model for legislation to help poor women .

In the only instance Shulevitz provides , I stand accused of taking a word from an obscure feminist source and repeating it `` throughout '' my piece for rhetorical effect .
in the only instance shulevitz [gives] , i stand accused of taking a word from an obscure feminist source and repeating it `` throughout '' my piece for rhetorical effect .

One difference between mathematical truths and moral truths is that grasping the former provides an obvious survival advantage .
one difference between mathematical truths and moral truths is that grasping the former [gives] an obvious survival advantage .

Second , while , in theory , Hughes provides a DirecPC LAN service ( TIF generously provided two computers for these libraries ) , I asked several times for pricing and conditions back in April , and I still have n't heard anything more than that it would `` probably '' be several hundred dollars .
second , while , in theory , hughes [gives] a direcpc lan service ( tif generously provided two computers for these libraries ) , i asked several times for pricing and conditions back in april , and i still have n't heard anything more than that it would `` probably '' be several hundred dollars .

Most of the department 's popular programs , like college student aid and Title I , which provides money for educating poor children , existed before the department was born .
most of the department 's popular programs , like college student aid and title i , which [gives] money for educating poor children , existed before the department was born .

Indeed , it provides something that is desperately missing from most American diets .
indeed , it [gives] something that is desperately missing from most american diets .

The only bad food in Tuscany is the bread , which provides all the blandness of matzot without the moral satisfaction .
the only bad food in tuscany is the bread , which [gives] all the blandness of matzot without the moral satisfaction .

Marketplace Ministries provides workplace chaplains to firms such as Taco Bell franchises , which welcome religion in the kitchen because studies show that spiritual programs increase productivity and reduce turnover .
marketplace ministries [gives] workplace chaplains to firms such as taco bell franchises , which welcome religion in the kitchen because studies show that spiritual programs increase productivity and reduce turnover .

Reviewers say that sections are on par with Invisible Man -- especially the set pieces , dialogue , and riffs -- but the novel as a whole does n't match up : It `` provides the reader with intimations of the grand vision animating Ellison 's 40-year project , but it also feels disappointingly provisional and incomplete '' ( Kakutani , the New York Times ) .
reviewers say that sections are on par with invisible man -- especially the set pieces , dialogue , and riffs -- but the novel as a whole does n't match up : it `` [gives] the reader with intimations of the grand vision animating ellison 's 40-year project , but it also feels disappointingly provisional and incomplete '' ( kakutani , the new york times ) .

The biography reveals fascinating details about Evans ' life and provides a new insight into his art , but critics say it gets weighted down by superfluous material the author would likely have removed had he finished the book , resulting in a somewhat `` exasperating '' tome ( Margaret Loke , the New York Times ) .
the biography reveals fascinating details about evans ' life and [gives] a new insight into his art , but critics say it gets weighted down by superfluous material the author would likely have removed had he finished the book , resulting in a somewhat `` exasperating '' tome ( margaret loke , the new york times ) .

General aviation provides air transportation for the rest of the country by serving some 13,000 airports .
general aviation [gives] air transportation for the rest of the country by serving some 13,000 airports .

The next generation of visitors wo n't even have to interrogate the locals , as Alexander provides directions in his new book .
the next generation of visitors wo n't even have to interrogate the locals , as alexander [gives] directions in his new book .

Bringing Out the Dead provides director Martin Scorsese with a rich milieu for one of his patented , pumped-up odysseys of the soul -- an urban bedlam as seen through the eyes of an emergency medical technician , Frank Pierce ( Nicolas Cage ) .
bringing out the dead [gives] director martin scorsese with a rich milieu for one of his patented , pumped-up odysseys of the soul -- an urban bedlam as seen through the eyes of an emergency medical technician , frank pierce ( nicolas cage ) .

Around half of that comes from its two `` pure '' service arms , GE Capital , which alone provides about 40 percent of its profits , and NBC .
around half of that comes from its two `` pure '' service arms , ge capital , which alone [gives] about 40 percent of its profits , and nbc .

For users , this banner provides an easy , convenient way to subscribe to e-mail announcements from a candidate or campaign of choice .
for users , this banner [gives] an easy , convenient way to subscribe to e-mail announcements from a candidate or campaign of choice .

By letting you buy 26 shoddy pairs at $ 2 apiece , the manufacturer provides you with the equivalent of either insurance ( against the prospect of losing your entire year 's supply of hose at once ) or a loan ( by allowing you to spread out your payments over an entire year ) .
by letting you buy 26 shoddy pairs at $ 2 apiece , the manufacturer [gives] you with the equivalent of either insurance ( against the prospect of losing your entire year 's supply of hose at once ) or a loan ( by allowing you to spread out your payments over an entire year ) .

They say that a 15 million-year-old fossil of an African ape provides new evidence of a common ancestor of gorillas , chimps , and humans .
they say that a 15 million-year-old fossil of an african ape [gives] new evidence of a common ancestor of gorillas , chimps , and humans .

Doyle , a `` master of crackling prose '' ( Richard R. Roberts , the Indianapolis Star ) , provides insightful transcripts from key moments , such as the Cuban missile crisis and the final days of the Nixon administration .
doyle , a `` master of crackling prose '' ( richard r. roberts , the indianapolis star ) , [gives] insightful transcripts from key moments , such as the cuban missile crisis and the final days of the nixon administration .

The bill also provides $ 85 billion for labor , health , and education .
the bill also [gives] $ 85 billion for labor , health , and education .

On the whole , I felt moved by the level of energy and feel that the show provides a welcome antidote to the New York scene , which at the moment is suffering from a severe case of theory-itis .
on the whole , i felt moved by the level of energy and feel that the show [gives] a welcome antidote to the new york scene , which at the moment is suffering from a severe case of theory-itis .

Dental insurance covers only 44 percent of Americans ( compared to more than 80 percent for health insurance ) , and provides skimpy coverage for those who do have it .
dental insurance covers only 44 percent of americans ( compared to more than 80 percent for health insurance ) , and [gives] skimpy coverage for those who do have it .

The transformation of the inheritance tax into the `` death penalty '' provides more grist for satirists who wonder whether Republicans , having condemned the `` marriage penalty '' for discouraging marriage , now worry that the inheritance tax is discouraging death .
the transformation of the inheritance tax into the `` death penalty '' [gives] more grist for satirists who wonder whether republicans , having condemned the `` marriage penalty '' for discouraging marriage , now worry that the inheritance tax is discouraging death .

However , the following letter -- from ZM himself -- provides us all with a most interesting denouement .
however , the following letter -- from zm himself -- [gives] us all with a most interesting denouement .

Family Service America provides low-cost or free therapy and job training .
family service america [gives] low-cost or free therapy and job training .

Lewinsky , the Globe explains , is in the midst of a `` frantic food frenzy '' ; the paper even provides a helpful restaurant diary that details where she has been spotted and just what she has indulged in .
lewinsky , the globe explains , is in the midst of a `` frantic food frenzy '' ; the paper even [gives] a helpful restaurant diary that details where she has been spotted and just what she has indulged in .

The cover excerpt provides a reverent portrait of Pope John Paul II .
the cover excerpt [gives] a reverent portrait of pope john paul ii .

He advocates euthanasia and condemns people for caring more about relatives than strangers , but he provides his Alzheimer's-afflicted mother with around-the-clock care .
he advocates euthanasia and condemns people for caring more about relatives than strangers , but he [gives] his alzheimer's-afflicted mother with around-the-clock care .

Public/private-key encryption provides an elegant solution to the problem .
public/private-key encryption [gives] an elegant solution to the problem .

The company provides a free piece of software ( downloadable from its site ) that allows you to select from a handful of `` channels '' ( sports , business , arts and entertainment , etc . ) .
the company [gives] a free piece of software ( downloadable from its site ) that allows you to select from a handful of `` channels '' ( sports , business , arts and entertainment , etc . ) .

Individual Inc. ( in which Slate publisher Microsoft owns a minority interest ) provides a high-tech clipping service called NewsPage .
individual inc. ( in which slate publisher microsoft owns a minority interest ) [gives] a high-tech clipping service called newspage .

Interestingly , if the page simply provides a hyperlink to the image in question , the law becomes even murkier .
interestingly , if the page simply [gives] a hyperlink to the image in question , the law becomes even murkier .

They fail to count the central benefit -- the diversion and pleasure it provides to millions of people .
they fail to count the central benefit -- the diversion and pleasure it [gives] to millions of people .

The system provides minimum guidance to what can be seen .
the system [gives] minimum guidance to what can be seen .

Governments may be wasteful in managing money , but the only evidence GS provides is in the story of Louis XV , who , when accused of spending too much , said , `` After me , the deluge . ''
governments may be wasteful in managing money , but the only evidence gs [gives] is in the story of louis xv , who , when accused of spending too much , said , `` after me , the deluge . ''

If you 're lucky , your friendly neighborhood telephone monopoly provides ISDN service in your town .
if you 're lucky , your friendly neighborhood telephone monopoly [gives] isdn service in your town .

The Times notes that the recommendation was met with outrage from many pediatricians and parents , on the grounds that bed-sharing provides many benefits , such as bonding and the promotion of breast-feeding .
the times notes that the recommendation was met with outrage from many pediatricians and parents , on the grounds that bed-sharing [gives] many benefits , such as bonding and the promotion of breast-feeding .

Maureen Dowd 's Liberties column provides a list of George W. Bush 's regular guy credentials .
maureen dowd 's liberties column [gives] a list of george w. bush 's regular guy credentials .

While essentially asking us to trust him , he provides a multitude of reasons for thinking he should not be trusted .
while essentially asking us to trust him , he [gives] a multitude of reasons for thinking he should not be trusted .

The LAT claims that despite these remarks , Clinton has not thrown his full weight behind the issue , although the paper provides no evidence of this , noting only that Clinton is a prodigious money raiser within the current rules .
the lat claims that despite these remarks , clinton has not thrown his full weight behind the issue , although the paper [gives] no evidence of this , noting only that clinton is a prodigious money raiser within the current rules .

A WP story makes a powerful case for wondering why the U.S. is backing a peace accord in Sierra Leone that provides a general amnesty for rebel war criminals and indeed , will put eight of them in the country 's cabinet .
a wp story makes a powerful case for wondering why the u.s. is backing a peace accord in sierra leone that [gives] a general amnesty for rebel war criminals and indeed , will put eight of them in the country 's cabinet .

The LAT runs a story inside by one-time biographer David Shaw that provides a bit of evidence for the claim : Shaw writes of a time that he was out at a restaurant with Chamberlain and Chamberlain 's date when the player excused himself to get the phone number of a woman at another table .
the lat runs a story inside by one-time biographer david shaw that [gives] a bit of evidence for the claim : shaw writes of a time that he was out at a restaurant with chamberlain and chamberlain 's date when the player excused himself to get the phone number of a woman at another table .

Market Square : Alexis , as a private businessperson , provides valuable help to a developer .
market square : alexis , as a private businessperson , [gives] valuable help to a developer .

The European model has the advantage of being forthright : The government declares that it wants more Puccini than the market provides on its own , and it writes a check to pay for it .
the european model has the advantage of being forthright : the government declares that it wants more puccini than the market [gives] on its own , and it writes a check to pay for it .

As the species grows to fill its biological space , nature itself provides limiting forces like single lifestyles , wars , and famines .
as the species grows to fill its biological space , nature itself [gives] limiting forces like single lifestyles , wars , and famines .

According to Exhibitor Relations , which provides numbers to Variety , box office receipts from independent films were $ 239 million in 1997 , out of a total of $ 6.3 billion for all films .
according to exhibitor relations , which [gives] numbers to variety , box office receipts from independent films were $ 239 million in 1997 , out of a total of $ 6.3 billion for all films .

There are valid concerns as to the potential effectiveness of international labor standards , but Krugman provides no theoretical or empirical proof that they would not improve the lives of Third World workers .
there are valid concerns as to the potential effectiveness of international labor standards , but krugman [gives] no theoretical or empirical proof that they would not improve the lives of third world workers .

For To the Lighthouse to place fifteenth provides a moment of cheer , for it proves that someone has indeed read to the end of it .
for to the lighthouse to place fifteenth [gives] a moment of cheer , for it proves that someone has indeed read to the end of it .

Such a system provides mental-health professionals -- who , in addition to psychiatrists , include psychologists , social workers , and a number of other disciplines -- with 1 ) a common language by which they may communicate with one another and 2 ) a logical starting point for therapeutic intervention .
such a system [gives] mental-health professionals -- who , in addition to psychiatrists , include psychologists , social workers , and a number of other disciplines -- with 1 ) a common language by which they may communicate with one another and 2 ) a logical starting point for therapeutic intervention .

It is the exchange of value between two parties which provides the fuel ( profit ) for growth .
it is the exchange of value between two parties which [gives] the fuel ( profit ) for growth .

In fact , it is the only nonprofit , nonvested health association that provides impotence education .
in fact , it is the only nonprofit , nonvested health association that [gives] impotence education .

Our helpline ( 800-669-1603 ) provides factual and unbiased information .
our helpline ( 800-669-1603 ) [gives] factual and unbiased information .

The justification of democracy is that it provides the greatest level of freedom to its citizens .
the justification of democracy is that it [gives] the greatest level of freedom to its citizens .

This eligibility requirement does not encourage student-parents , but provides those who already have children an opportunity to escape the life of poverty that most teen-age mothers experience .
this eligibility requirement does not encourage student-parents , but [gives] those who already have children an opportunity to escape the life of poverty that most teen-age mothers experience .

Because it provides superb cover for them .
because it [gives] superb cover for them .

There is another reason , though , for the extraordinary pleasures this exhibition provides , and that is the uncanny familiarity of Japanese art for Western viewers .
there is another reason , though , for the extraordinary pleasures this exhibition [gives] , and that is the uncanny familiarity of japanese art for western viewers .

To put it another way , in the sense of asking an entirely different question : Is it really a requirement of sophistication that a place provides good bookstores , movies , plays , museums , music , cuisines , and an opportunity for erotic and intellectual freedom ?
to put it another way , in the sense of asking an entirely different question : is it really a requirement of sophistication that a place [gives] good bookstores , movies , plays , museums , music , cuisines , and an opportunity for erotic and intellectual freedom ?

Curiously , Richard Nixon , that archetype of political deceit , provides no ready example of résumé rewriting -- unless you want to count `` I am not a crook . ''
curiously , richard nixon , that archetype of political deceit , [gives] no ready example of résumé rewriting -- unless you want to count `` i am not a crook . ''

The Enquirer provides details about how Monica set her sights on her man , went after him despite all obstacles , and how and where she consummated the affair with ... Andy Bleiler , her high-school drama coach .
the enquirer [gives] details about how monica set her sights on her man , went after him despite all obstacles , and how and where she consummated the affair with ... andy bleiler , her high-school drama coach .

Among the possible hitches : 1 ) Congress might amend the bill in ways unacceptable to the companies ; 2 ) the White House might reject the bill if it provides too much legal immunity and too little money to the fund ; and 3 ) a congressional ban on tobacco lawsuits might be unconstitutional .
among the possible hitches : 1 ) congress might amend the bill in ways unacceptable to the companies ; 2 ) the white house might reject the bill if it [gives] too much legal immunity and too little money to the fund ; and 3 ) a congressional ban on tobacco lawsuits might be unconstitutional .

Using mystical far-Eastern techniques , an antique Tesla coil , and a regimen of multivitamins , Chatterbox has extracted future recovered Rees-Jones memories and provides them exclusively to readers of this column :
using mystical far-eastern techniques , an antique tesla coil , and a regimen of multivitamins , chatterbox has extracted future recovered rees-jones memories and [gives] them exclusively to readers of this column :

According to the LAT , which provides the better overview , the Justice Department is considering desegregation orders in some 500 districts .
according to the lat , which [gives] the better overview , the justice department is considering desegregation orders in some 500 districts .

This provides further evidence that Bob Woodward is wrong when he argues in his new book , Shadow , that lying and obfuscating by public figures is inevitably self-destructive .
this [gives] further evidence that bob woodward is wrong when he argues in his new book , shadow , that lying and obfuscating by public figures is inevitably self-destructive .

After its early failure , Hubble now provides vital clues to the universe .
after its early failure , hubble now [gives] vital clues to the universe .

Bosworth , the biographer of Diane Arbus and Montgomery Clift , `` provides a vivid sense of upper-middle-class life in the early Cold War years , when prominent citizens suddenly turned their backs on colleagues such as Crum and called them Communist dupes , '' writes Kathy Deacon in the Village Voice .
bosworth , the biographer of diane arbus and montgomery clift , `` [gives] a vivid sense of upper-middle-class life in the early cold war years , when prominent citizens suddenly turned their backs on colleagues such as crum and called them communist dupes , '' writes kathy deacon in the village voice .

The new law also provides an incentive for states to use their own money to continue grants to families that exhaust their five-year eligibility .
the new law also [gives] an incentive for states to use their own money to continue grants to families that exhaust their five-year eligibility .

John Solomon , who provides these last data in an article in the October 1996 Washington Monthly , offers a less credulous explanation : Disaster relief is `` a unique example of political pork that everyone accepts as kosher . ''
john solomon , who [gives] these last data in an article in the october 1996 washington monthly , offers a less credulous explanation : disaster relief is `` a unique example of political pork that everyone accepts as kosher . ''

James Bovard provides a useful compendium in the September 1996 American Spectator , drawing on the periodic critiques prepared by FEMA 's own inspector general and the General Accounting Office .
james bovard [gives] a useful compendium in the september 1996 american spectator , drawing on the periodic critiques prepared by fema 's own inspector general and the general accounting office .

The United States , which provides Seoul the military assistance it needs for strategic deterrence against North Korea , has been pressing North Korea to restrain its missile program .
the united states , which [gives] seoul the military assistance it needs for strategic deterrence against north korea , has been pressing north korea to restrain its missile program .

When Chatterbox mentions a book that is in print , he usually provides a link to it at barnesandnoble.com .
when chatterbox mentions a book that is in print , he usually [gives] a link to it at barnesandnoble.com .

A Post piece on the leading candidate for Guatemala 's presidency provides perspective on the frailties of American leaders .
a post piece on the leading candidate for guatemala 's presidency [gives] perspective on the frailties of american leaders .

I 'll simply say that if Lind proves that the decision to go to war was understandable , Logevall provides the argument for the `` minimal realist '' view that it was unnecessary and unwise .
i 'll simply say that if lind proves that the decision to go to war was understandable , logevall [gives] the argument for the `` minimal realist '' view that it was unnecessary and unwise .

OK , I admit , my main purpose in watching baseball is I find it an extremely effective way of falling asleep -- far better than , say , golf , which at least provides interesting scenery from time to time .
ok , i admit , my main purpose in watching baseball is i find it an extremely effective way of falling asleep -- far better than , say , golf , which at least [gives] interesting scenery from time to time .

That 's why e-commerce will never catch on : It provides a `` solution '' to a nonexistent problem .
that 's why e-commerce will never catch on : it [gives] a `` solution '' to a nonexistent problem .

Although Jackson 's conclusions are `` mostly solid , '' the Times writes , his conclusion that Microsoft 's integration of its browser into Windows provides no technical efficiency or consumer benefit is weak -- especially because it flies in the face of an appeals court ruling last year .
although jackson 's conclusions are `` mostly solid , '' the times writes , his conclusion that microsoft 's integration of its browser into windows [gives] no technical efficiency or consumer benefit is weak -- especially because it flies in the face of an appeals court ruling last year .

Ranking by size of gift provides a useful objective measure .
ranking by size of gift [gives] a useful objective measure .

A NYT front-pager provides welcome perspective on the Kansas School Board 's recent decision to excise evolution from its official curriculum .
a nyt front-pager [gives] welcome perspective on the kansas school board 's recent decision to excise evolution from its official curriculum .

I guess it comes down to the Nation , which provides much of my material for all my arguments with the mainstream left .
i guess it comes down to the nation , which [gives] much of my material for all my arguments with the mainstream left .

The Internet provides convenience , provides fun , provides information , but it 's not changing the way we live in any substantial way .
the internet [gives] convenience , [gives] fun , [gives] information , but it 's not changing the way we live in any substantial way .

The United States is the world 's largest nuclear power , and its failure to take nuclear disarmament seriously provides encouragement to countries like India .
the united states is the world 's largest nuclear power , and its failure to take nuclear disarmament seriously [gives] encouragement to countries like india .

The Post story includes this explanation for why the White House Communications Agency , `` a military unit that provides the president with secure communications , '' originally did n't produce the coffee tapes : the WHCA 's chief of staff got the full memo requesting any such videos , but when he put it into an e-mail format to send it to his boss , the agency 's director , he accidentally omitted the first two pages .
the post story includes this explanation for why the white house communications agency , `` a military unit that [gives] the president with secure communications , '' originally did n't produce the coffee tapes : the whca 's chief of staff got the full memo requesting any such videos , but when he put it into an e-mail format to send it to his boss , the agency 's director , he accidentally omitted the first two pages .

USAT 's `` USA Snapshot '' provides an interesting window into the minds of the rich , revealing that in a survey , members of the nation 's wealthiest households said they 'd pay $ 640,000 to get into heaven , and $ 487,000 for true love , but only $ 55,000 to be president .
usat 's `` usa snapshot '' [gives] an interesting window into the minds of the rich , revealing that in a survey , members of the nation 's wealthiest households said they 'd pay $ 640,000 to get into heaven , and $ 487,000 for true love , but only $ 55,000 to be president .

Very few journalists these days have been in the military , so they have a consistent tendency to boot matters martial , and the NYT story on the library opening provides an example .
very few journalists these days have been in the military , so they have a consistent tendency to boot matters martial , and the nyt story on the library opening [gives] an example .

The thumbnail explanation of global warming the Post provides in its lead coverage is odd : the only dangerous effect of warming it mentions by name is the possible spread of malaria to colder climates , nothing about another Ice Age .
the thumbnail explanation of global warming the post [gives] in its lead coverage is odd : the only dangerous effect of warming it mentions by name is the possible spread of malaria to colder climates , nothing about another ice age .

When someone like Pat Duff comes along , she provides everyone with a fabulous excuse to feel morally superior .
when someone like pat duff comes along , she [gives] everyone with a fabulous excuse to feel morally superior .

City living , as many working women are beginning to understand , provides much more flexibility and precious time than the suburban commuter life .
city living , as many working women are beginning to understand , [gives] much more flexibility and precious time than the suburban commuter life .

It is a shoddy , daffy piece of work , but it provides four or five fine vignettes of Hollywood bedlam in the 1990s .
it is a shoddy , daffy piece of work , but it [gives] four or five fine vignettes of hollywood bedlam in the 1990s .

Wilson provides superb overviews of Western intellectual history and of the current state of understanding in many academic disciplines .
wilson [gives] superb overviews of western intellectual history and of the current state of understanding in many academic disciplines .

What is more , continues Gigot , the court opinion given midweek -- that Bruce Lindsey and Sidney Blumenthal are not protected from testifying -- provides specific and independent confirmation that Starr has credible evidence .
what is more , continues gigot , the court opinion given midweek -- that bruce lindsey and sidney blumenthal are not protected from testifying -- [gives] specific and independent confirmation that starr has credible evidence .

During a rare religious segment on This Week ( Southern Baptist convention provides the news peg ) , Stephanopoulos mentions a biblical passage urging women to submit to their husbands , when George Will jumps in .
during a rare religious segment on this week ( southern baptist convention [gives] the news peg ) , stephanopoulos mentions a biblical passage urging women to submit to their husbands , when george will jumps in .

As the tap-tap-tap of the spot 's message glides across the screen , the keyboardist provides the voice-over at the same speed he types .
as the tap-tap-tap of the spot 's message glides across the screen , the keyboardist [gives] the voice-over at the same speed he types .

Will explains the appeal of bombing : It provides `` gratification without commitment . ''
will explains the appeal of bombing : it [gives] `` gratification without commitment . ''

Happily , the week 's TV line-up provides several decent alternatives to getting out of the house and actually doing something .
happily , the week 's tv line-up [gives] several decent alternatives to getting out of the house and actually doing something .

There 's an eclectic , relentless rock ' n ' roll score and a directorial cameo -- this time Scorsese provides the disembodied voice of an ambulance dispatcher .
there 's an eclectic , relentless rock ' n ' roll score and a directorial cameo -- this time scorsese [gives] the disembodied voice of an ambulance dispatcher .

Minnie Driver -- coming off a triumphantly dizzy Jane in Tarzan -- once again provides a voice that the animators deserve .
minnie driver -- coming off a triumphantly dizzy jane in tarzan -- once again [gives] a voice that the animators deserve .

A story says Portland , Ore. , provides a new model for urban planning .
a story says portland , ore. , [gives] a new model for urban planning .

On the other hand , the budget plan provides smaller tax cuts than were sought by many Republicans , and supports the Clinton administration 's plan to use budget surpluses to first shore up Social Security .
on the other hand , the budget plan [gives] smaller tax cuts than were sought by many republicans , and supports the clinton administration 's plan to use budget surpluses to first shore up social security .

The Post waggishly provides another example , effectively Goring the Vice-President : `` There is no controlling legal authority that says this was in violation of the law '' should be recast as `` There 's no law against it . ''
the post waggishly [gives] another example , effectively goring the vice-president : `` there is no controlling legal authority that says this was in violation of the law '' should be recast as `` there 's no law against it . ''

The NYT 's veteran war correspondent Chris Hedges provides detailed reporting on the ground from Prekaz in Kosovo province .
the nyt 's veteran war correspondent chris hedges [gives] detailed reporting on the ground from prekaz in kosovo province .

The Wall Street Journal SOTU piece provides a useful clarification here : `` While federal spending has declined as a share of the total economy , the drop has come mostly in defense spending .
the wall street journal sotu piece [gives] a useful clarification here : `` while federal spending has declined as a share of the total economy , the drop has come mostly in defense spending .

The WP today provides a sneak peak at a letter of apology former conservative hit man David Brock has written to President Clinton for the upcoming Esquire .
the wp today [gives] a sneak peak at a letter of apology former conservative hit man david brock has written to president clinton for the upcoming esquire .

A scan of the headlines found cheek-by-jowl on the WP 's Page A6 provides an interesting snapshot of the life of the modern Cabinet officer : `` [ Ex-HUD Secretary ] Cisneros 's Ex-Mistress Pleads Guilty , '' `` [ Labor Secretary ] Herman Denies Allegations of Influence-Selling Scheme , '' and `` Two Tyson Foods Executive Indicted Over Gifts to [ Ex-Agriculture Secretary ] Espy . ''
a scan of the headlines found cheek-by-jowl on the wp 's page a6 [gives] an interesting snapshot of the life of the modern cabinet officer : `` [ ex-hud secretary ] cisneros 's ex-mistress pleads guilty , '' `` [ labor secretary ] herman denies allegations of influence-selling scheme , '' and `` two tyson foods executive indicted over gifts to [ ex-agriculture secretary ] espy . ''

The NYT notes that the transportation bill before the Senate is such a big challenge to the balanced budget because it provides goodies to every congressional district in the country .
the nyt notes that the transportation bill before the senate is such a big challenge to the balanced budget because it [gives] goodies to every congressional district in the country .

The OPEN sign is not pretty , but it provides the information you need . ''
the open sign is not pretty , but it [gives] the information you need . ''

Still , Ready , Willing & Able provides not only work but what appears to be a relatively calm and secure environment , and it would hardly be surprising if this drastic change from the world of the streets , or even of the typical shelter , motivated men to turn around their lives .
still , ready , willing & able [gives] not only work but what appears to be a relatively calm and secure environment , and it would hardly be surprising if this drastic change from the world of the streets , or even of the typical shelter , motivated men to turn around their lives .

It is in the collective interest of boaters that each boat owner be required to pay a fee , to support a Coast Guard that provides those nonexcludable benefits .
it is in the collective interest of boaters that each boat owner be required to pay a fee , to support a coast guard that [gives] those nonexcludable benefits .

All this is especially true now that the Internet provides a direct connection between sellers and millions of consumers .
all this is especially true now that the internet [gives] a direct connection between sellers and millions of consumers .

John Paul Stapp , who during the 1940s and '50s allowed his body to be used in various experiments testing the effects of high-speed transportation , provides an occasion to consider how Murphy 's Law came into being .
john paul stapp , who during the 1940s and '50s allowed his body to be used in various experiments testing the effects of high-speed transportation , [gives] an occasion to consider how murphy 's law came into being .

That 's both the strength and the weakness of Africana , that it provides so much information in such a truncated form .
that 's both the strength and the weakness of africana , that it [gives] so much information in such a truncated form .

That Du Bois -- who exists in the field of black studies these days as rather the black equivalent of Einstein ( theorist ) , Dr. Johnson ( wordsmith ) , Emerson ( humanist ) , and Kant ( moral philosopher ) , separately and together , as it were -- is evoked by the editors in their introduction provides this volume with a pedigree that I suppose they thought it needed , making Gates and Appiah our intellectual knights who have given us the Holy Grail .
that du bois -- who exists in the field of black studies these days as rather the black equivalent of einstein ( theorist ) , dr. johnson ( wordsmith ) , emerson ( humanist ) , and kant ( moral philosopher ) , separately and together , as it were -- is evoked by the editors in their introduction [gives] this volume with a pedigree that i suppose they thought it needed , making gates and appiah our intellectual knights who have given us the holy grail .

Kuttner is also stern about cat food -- although , in this case , he provides no data on the number of brands .
kuttner is also stern about cat food -- although , in this case , he [gives] no data on the number of brands .

Rosen provides him with a teacher , too , a lapsed psychoanalyst named Dr. Ernest Flek who discourses more definitively .
rosen [gives] him with a teacher , too , a lapsed psychoanalyst named dr. ernest flek who discourses more definitively .

The family resemblance among his collages and those being made concurrently by artists in Germany , France , and even the United States provides a bracing example of what is meant by a Zeitgeist -- in a time of shaky and sluggish telecommunications , several dozen widely separated artists all hit at once on the idea of chopping up whatever printed ephemera lay at hand and reassembling the fragments into dynamic compositions that reassigned their meaning .
the family resemblance among his collages and those being made concurrently by artists in germany , france , and even the united states [gives] a bracing example of what is meant by a zeitgeist -- in a time of shaky and sluggish telecommunications , several dozen widely separated artists all hit at once on the idea of chopping up whatever printed ephemera lay at hand and reassembling the fragments into dynamic compositions that reassigned their meaning .

The fictional nonprofit research laboratory La Honda provides an opportunity to work with the best people in the field , designing products for other companies to sell .
the fictional nonprofit research laboratory la honda [gives] an opportunity to work with the best people in the field , designing products for other companies to sell .

He even provides parents with the solutions to second-grade math problems .
he even [gives] parents with the solutions to second-grade math problems .

The NYT provides extra details about Ecuador 's economic crisis , including the facts that Mahuad froze the life savings of thousands of Ecuadorians last March and that the country defaulted on half of its $ 13 billion foreign debt in September .
the nyt [gives] extra details about ecuador 's economic crisis , including the facts that mahuad froze the life savings of thousands of ecuadorians last march and that the country defaulted on half of its $ 13 billion foreign debt in september .

The WP says the Supreme Court 's campaign contribution ruling `` provides some legal ammunition '' for efforts to curtail soft money .
the wp says the supreme court 's campaign contribution ruling `` [gives] some legal ammunition '' for efforts to curtail soft money .

The New York Times goes with another court ruling , a 5-4 decision that fleeing from the police in a high crime area provides the reasonable suspicion that justifies a stop-and-frisk search .
the new york times goes with another court ruling , a 5-4 decision that fleeing from the police in a high crime area [gives] the reasonable suspicion that justifies a stop-and-frisk search .

The plan would be a further extension of the earned-income tax credit , which already provides annual payments to some 19 million working families at or near the poverty line .
the plan would be a further extension of the earned-income tax credit , which already [gives] annual payments to some 19 million working families at or near the poverty line .

Still , for all the resources Castro provides , the system founders from an unreliable supply of materials .
still , for all the resources castro [gives] , the system founders from an unreliable supply of materials .

It 's also a little surprising that Viacom has chosen to sell in 1998 , rather than taking advantage of the big tax savings that the law provides had the company waited a year and then spun off the publishing assets into a separate company .
it 's also a little surprising that viacom has chosen to sell in 1998 , rather than taking advantage of the big tax savings that the law [gives] had the company waited a year and then spun off the publishing assets into a separate company .

If , like us , you initially forget to enter Bradley 's first name , the first site that comes up on Yahoo is for a company that provides `` training , consultation and treatment services for compulsive gambling and related addictions '' in Bradley Beach , N.J .
if , like us , you initially forget to enter bradley 's first name , the first site that comes up on yahoo is for a company that [gives] `` training , consultation and treatment services for compulsive gambling and related addictions '' in bradley beach , n.j .

Throwing caution to the wind , I try i-Sportsbook from Antigua , because it provides the easiest interface for my credit card deposit .
throwing caution to the wind , i try i-sportsbook from antigua , because it [gives] the easiest interface for my credit card deposit .

Other sites are experimenting with technology , such as FreedomChannel.com , which provides video-on-demand of the presidential candidates , broken down by issue .
other sites are experimenting with technology , such as freedomchannel.com , which [gives] video-on-demand of the presidential candidates , broken down by issue .

The program 's Web site lists the 10 longest home runs of the year and provides a searchable database of the home runs of the previous two years .
the program 's web site lists the 10 longest home runs of the year and [gives] a searchable database of the home runs of the previous two years .

A law provides the governed with the independent venue of the courts for whatever arguments might unfold .
a law [gives] the governed with the independent venue of the courts for whatever arguments might unfold .

As an eyewitness to some of the events , Blackard provides especially strong corroboration .
as an eyewitness to some of the events , blackard [gives] especially strong corroboration .

This year , though , Newt crashed and burned , while liberalism has grown eager for arguments that government provides genuine benefits .
this year , though , newt crashed and burned , while liberalism has grown eager for arguments that government [gives] genuine benefits .

The problem with an efficient tax system is that it provides no built-in brake on the government 's avarice .
the problem with an efficient tax system is that it [gives] no built-in brake on the government 's avarice .

None of the groups that provides reliable statistics about abortion tallies up the total numbers of IDEs .
none of the groups that [gives] reliable statistics about abortion tallies up the total numbers of ides .

Because we 're talking about divorce law , I want to focus on cases where love is not enough -- and in those cases , to ask which contract provides the best incentive for good marital behavior .
because we 're talking about divorce law , i want to focus on cases where love is not enough -- and in those cases , to ask which contract [gives] the best incentive for good marital behavior .

Here the negotiating process itself provides all the right incentives to respect your spouse 's needs .
here the negotiating process itself [gives] all the right incentives to respect your spouse 's needs .

The front page of today 's New York Times provides an all-time classic of the genre : `` Pediatricians Urge Limiting TV Watching . ''
the front page of today 's new york times [gives] an all-time classic of the genre : `` pediatricians urge limiting tv watching . ''

All the papers note that the GOP compromise tax bill , imposing an aggregate cut of $ 792 billion , provides for a reduction of one percentage point in all income tax rates .
all the papers note that the gop compromise tax bill , imposing an aggregate cut of $ 792 billion , [gives] for a reduction of one percentage point in all income tax rates .

The story provides no examples of obviously dangerous criminals snagged by the INS under the old policy .
the story [gives] no examples of obviously dangerous criminals snagged by the ins under the old policy .

The Journal acknowledges these risks but argues that day trading makes financial markets more efficient and provides greater odds than ( other ) legalized forms of gambling , such as lotto and blackjack .
the journal acknowledges these risks but argues that day trading makes financial markets more efficient and [gives] greater odds than ( other ) legalized forms of gambling , such as lotto and blackjack .

In its most marked deviation from real life , Man on the Moon provides Kaufman with a kind of feel-good comeback .
in its most marked deviation from real life , man on the moon [gives] kaufman with a kind of feel-good comeback .

He moves on to talking about his redesigns for lethal-injection systems , gas chambers , and even a gallows , while underneath , Caleb Sampson provides macabre funhouse music and wistful calliope waltzes .
he moves on to talking about his redesigns for lethal-injection systems , gas chambers , and even a gallows , while underneath , caleb sampson [gives] macabre funhouse music and wistful calliope waltzes .

He also provides no emotional release , which is n't a small matter when the subject is Holocaust denial .
he also [gives] no emotional release , which is n't a small matter when the subject is holocaust denial .

The public school 's $ 130,000 general disaster-recovery plan , in the works for two years , provides enough food , water , fuel-oil tanks , and electrical generators to sustain 500 people for a week .
the public school 's $ 130,000 general disaster-recovery plan , in the works for two years , [gives] enough food , water , fuel-oil tanks , and electrical generators to sustain 500 people for a week .

Even though Linux is supposed to demolish Microsoft , the Microsoft Helpdesk , which provides computer assistance to its employees , was surprisingly helpful .
even though linux is supposed to demolish microsoft , the microsoft helpdesk , which [gives] computer assistance to its employees , was surprisingly helpful .

None provides more fodder for melancholy middle-aged comedy , from the heavyweight musings of Milan Kundera in The Unbearable Lightness of Being to the fluffy screwball machinations of Forces of Nature .
none [gives] more fodder for melancholy middle-aged comedy , from the heavyweight musings of milan kundera in the unbearable lightness of being to the fluffy screwball machinations of forces of nature .

It is quite likely that those calling you `` Joe '' are unaware of your reasons for wishing to be called Dr. ( Prudie does not grasp , however , how use of your last name provides greater safety than your first .
it is quite likely that those calling you `` joe '' are unaware of your reasons for wishing to be called dr. ( prudie does not grasp , however , how use of your last name [gives] greater safety than your first .

Sulloway also provides a 10-variable formula to measure `` Your Own Propensity To Rebel . ''
sulloway also [gives] a 10-variable formula to measure `` your own propensity to rebel . ''

The MIDAS Web site provides descriptions of the intelligences , links to other multiple intelligence sites , and sells multiple intelligence testing materials ( prices range from $ 10 to $ 35 ) .
the midas web site [gives] descriptions of the intelligences , links to other multiple intelligence sites , and sells multiple intelligence testing materials ( prices range from $ 10 to $ 35 ) .

For those who ca n't wait until the fall release date of our book Dow 36,000 and want to start thinking through these issues , check out the Spring 1995 issue of the journal Contemporary Accounting Research , which provides a number of valuable review articles of the some of the relevant academic work .
for those who ca n't wait until the fall release date of our book dow 36,000 and want to start thinking through these issues , check out the spring 1995 issue of the journal contemporary accounting research , which [gives] a number of valuable review articles of the some of the relevant academic work .

For another thing , the news provides a myth system for a secular age , giving us figures of good and evil , around whom we can construct tales of ... well , OK , figures of evil and more evil .
for another thing , the news [gives] a myth system for a secular age , giving us figures of good and evil , around whom we can construct tales of ... well , ok , figures of evil and more evil .

The Constitution , adopted in 1962 shortly after independence , provides for an elected National Assembly .
the constitution , adopted in 1962 shortly after independence , [gives] for an elected national assembly .

The bipartisan movement to kill the independent counsel law provides additional legal cover for this exit .
the bipartisan movement to kill the independent counsel law [gives] additional legal cover for this exit .

It provides a strong foundation in all the large knowledge domains of humankind and in analytic thinking skills , a bit more choice to explore the ideas and fields introduced in students ' first two years , and a series of courses taught by full faculty in a small , focused discussion style that has long been Chicago 's hallmark .
it [gives] a strong foundation in all the large knowledge domains of humankind and in analytic thinking skills , a bit more choice to explore the ideas and fields introduced in students ' first two years , and a series of courses taught by full faculty in a small , focused discussion style that has long been chicago 's hallmark .

Reviewers are impressed by Strouse 's extensive research , which turned up a truckload of new details on Morgan 's life and , more importantly , by the balanced portrait that she provides of a man whose biographies have to date been colored by vindictive accounts from contemporaries with axes to grind .
reviewers are impressed by strouse 's extensive research , which turned up a truckload of new details on morgan 's life and , more importantly , by the balanced portrait that she [gives] of a man whose biographies have to date been colored by vindictive accounts from contemporaries with axes to grind .

Then Shuman claims that Linux provides no graphical user interface .
then shuman claims that linux [gives] no graphical user interface .

Eliza Truitt 's article , `` A Labor of Linux , '' on her experiences with her Linux installation provides wonderful inspiration for the intimidated .
eliza truitt 's article , `` a labor of linux , '' on her experiences with her linux installation [gives] wonderful inspiration for the intimidated .

It 's very handy in the early stages of dating , because it 's wonderfully vague -- not to mention that it provides an opportunity to poke fun at oneself and modern dating rituals .
it 's very handy in the early stages of dating , because it 's wonderfully vague -- not to mention that it [gives] an opportunity to poke fun at oneself and modern dating rituals .

As I understand it , the cafe provides computers and modems for the use of its patrons for a fee and also sells food .
as i understand it , the cafe [gives] computers and modems for the use of its patrons for a fee and also sells food .

That is partly a question of fairness , to which simply saying that the rich should pay more provides no answer .
that is partly a question of fairness , to which simply saying that the rich should pay more [gives] no answer .

He provides a sense of comfort , much like the feeling you get from a cookbook when you have no intention of making any of the dishes .
he [gives] a sense of comfort , much like the feeling you get from a cookbook when you have no intention of making any of the dishes .

PFP provides for military cooperation , but no defense guarantee .
pfp [gives] for military cooperation , but no defense guarantee .

Rand admits the figure he provides is only an estimate .
rand admits the figure he [gives] is only an estimate .

In a proffer session , a witness , defendant , or potential defendant provides the prosecution with a preview of the evidence he or she could provide or the testimony they would give .
in a proffer session , a witness , defendant , or potential defendant [gives] the prosecution with a preview of the evidence he or she could provide or the testimony they would give .

In The New Yorker , A. Alvarez , the British poet whose 1972 memoir , The Savage God , provides the basis for most of the anti-Hughes attacks , praises Hughes ' honesty .
in the new yorker , a. alvarez , the british poet whose 1972 memoir , the savage god , [gives] the basis for most of the anti-hughes attacks , praises hughes ' honesty .

Wentworth and Flexner 's Dictionary of American Slang provides a citation for the similar form yatata yatata yatata from the play Jim Dandy : A Fat Man in a Famine ( 1947 ) by William Saroyan .
wentworth and flexner 's dictionary of american slang [gives] a citation for the similar form yatata yatata yatata from the play jim dandy : a fat man in a famine ( 1947 ) by william saroyan .

As such , it provides comic material for a certain contemporary genre of psychiatry criticism that finds it laughable ( rather than sinister ) that psychiatry appears to be expanding its territory from real craziness to everyday life -- coining diseases like `` premenstrual dysphoric disorder '' ( PMS ) , and `` caffeine-induced sleep disorder . ''
as such , it [gives] comic material for a certain contemporary genre of psychiatry criticism that finds it laughable ( rather than sinister ) that psychiatry appears to be expanding its territory from real craziness to everyday life -- coining diseases like `` premenstrual dysphoric disorder '' ( pms ) , and `` caffeine-induced sleep disorder . ''

On the contrary , she subtly provides the psychological continuity between these two aspects of her character .
on the contrary , she subtly [gives] the psychological continuity between these two aspects of her character .

Without minimizing the significance of anti-Semitism , Birn provides an eloquent rejoinder to Goldhagen 's blood-thinking .
without minimizing the significance of anti-semitism , birn [gives] an eloquent rejoinder to goldhagen 's blood-thinking .

A letter to the editor in the Post provides a picturesque example of the mentality that drives many such a problem inside the Marion Barry empire .
a letter to the editor in the post [gives] a picturesque example of the mentality that drives many such a problem inside the marion barry empire .

USAT provides the most concise explanation : `` The companies will share all patent rights .
usat [gives] the most concise explanation : `` the companies will share all patent rights .

Since the 1970s , both the Department of Justice and the FTC have taken a far more tolerant view of mergers and acquisitions , partly on the grounds that increasing international competition provides a check on U.S. conglomerates .
since the 1970s , both the department of justice and the ftc have taken a far more tolerant view of mergers and acquisitions , partly on the grounds that increasing international competition [gives] a check on u.s. conglomerates .

That Big Secret has often been that Jews are not what they seem to be : This line of thought provides for a certain macabre entertainment , but it is also a lesson in how the most inane ideas can have the most appalling consequences .
that big secret has often been that jews are not what they seem to be : this line of thought [gives] for a certain macabre entertainment , but it is also a lesson in how the most inane ideas can have the most appalling consequences .

It 's fair enough to use such a tax to pay for a social insurance program that provides coverage in rough proportion to contributions .
it 's fair enough to use such a tax to pay for a social insurance program that [gives] coverage in rough proportion to contributions .

It provides parents with a suggested list of sites to exclude , but nothing is excluded without being specifically designated by the parents .
it [gives] parents with a suggested list of sites to exclude , but nothing is excluded without being specifically designated by the parents .

As a report last year from the Congressional Budget Office explains , `` What the government appears to withhold with one requirement , it provides with a host of other legal provisions . ''
as a report last year from the congressional budget office explains , `` what the government appears to withhold with one requirement , it [gives] with a host of other legal provisions . ''

The NYT lead and front-pagers at the LAT and WP all report that finance ministers from 11 countries yesterday celebrated the first technical step towards a common European currency -- formally locking in the rate of exchange of their individual currencies with the euro , which provides the starting point for trade in the new currency come Monday .
the nyt lead and front-pagers at the lat and wp all report that finance ministers from 11 countries yesterday celebrated the first technical step towards a common european currency -- formally locking in the rate of exchange of their individual currencies with the euro , which [gives] the starting point for trade in the new currency come monday .

Though each story provides some detail on human rights flashpoints , no story notes that the report covered 194 countries and no story explains that the report is compiled to provide an authoritative basis for international affairs decisions by the three branches of the U.S. government .
though each story [gives] some detail on human rights flashpoints , no story notes that the report covered 194 countries and no story explains that the report is compiled to provide an authoritative basis for international affairs decisions by the three branches of the u.s. government .

A NYT exclusive , based on an interview with a friend of Lewinsky 's , provides these nuggets : 1 ) Lewinsky cried herself to sleep Friday night upon learning that she had to come back to Washington for more questioning ; 2 ) She suffered the `` indignity '' of discovering that Ken Starr had reserved but not paid for her flight in from California .
a nyt exclusive , based on an interview with a friend of lewinsky 's , [gives] these nuggets : 1 ) lewinsky cried herself to sleep friday night upon learning that she had to come back to washington for more questioning ; 2 ) she suffered the `` indignity '' of discovering that ken starr had reserved but not paid for her flight in from california .

Meanwhile , the Washington Post front page reports that Chinese officials are threatening military strikes against Taiwan if the U.S. provides Taiwan with missile defense systems .
meanwhile , the washington post front page reports that chinese officials are threatening military strikes against taiwan if the u.s. [gives] taiwan with missile defense systems .

The Post provides great detail on the staging of the drama 's denouement .
the post [gives] great detail on the staging of the drama 's denouement .

USA Today 's off-lead provides its weekend polling , with a similar upshot .
usa today 's off-lead [gives] its weekend polling , with a similar upshot .

It seems that Iceland provides the best database in the world for trying to isolate genes responsible for such scourges as schizophrenia , Alzheimer 's , adult-onset diabetes and stroke .
it seems that iceland [gives] the best database in the world for trying to isolate genes responsible for such scourges as schizophrenia , alzheimer 's , adult-onset diabetes and stroke .

At issue in the Times lead is the 1996 Kennedy-Kassebaum law , which guarantees people losing group health care coverage alternative access to individual policies regardless of any preexisting medical condition , and provides for uninterrupted coverage for those moving from one job to another .
at issue in the times lead is the 1996 kennedy-kassebaum law , which guarantees people losing group health care coverage alternative access to individual policies regardless of any preexisting medical condition , and [gives] for uninterrupted coverage for those moving from one job to another .

After Today 's Papers : International Papers provides the low-down on overseas coverage of the war crimes tribunal , Mandela 's birthday , and Queen Elizabeth 's rising stature in Fiji .
after today 's papers : international papers [gives] the low-down on overseas coverage of the war crimes tribunal , mandela 's birthday , and queen elizabeth 's rising stature in fiji .

Nevertheless , good books on archaeology assimilable by laymen are not easy to find , and if the reader can tolerate its shortcomings and is not overly concerned about the precise birthplace of Indo-European , Archaelogy & Language provides an interesting march through the millennia of prehistory in seven-league boots .
nevertheless , good books on archaeology assimilable by laymen are not easy to find , and if the reader can tolerate its shortcomings and is not overly concerned about the precise birthplace of indo-european , archaelogy & language [gives] an interesting march through the millennia of prehistory in seven-league boots .

Apresyan ( Russki Yazyk Publishing House , 1980 ) ; this compendium contains 350 synonymic series , and each article in the dictionary explains the meaning of the lexemes comprising the synonymic series , provides a best approximation translation , and -- crucially -- supplies a detailed characterization of the similarities and differences between the synonyms , offering at the same time an analysis of the conditions in which each synonym is appropriate and where they may substitute for each other .
apresyan ( russki yazyk publishing house , 1980 ) ; this compendium contains 350 synonymic series , and each article in the dictionary explains the meaning of the lexemes comprising the synonymic series , [gives] a best approximation translation , and -- crucially -- supplies a detailed characterization of the similarities and differences between the synonyms , offering at the same time an analysis of the conditions in which each synonym is appropriate and where they may substitute for each other .

The considerable number of italicized words sprinkled throughout every page of the Bible provides a clue , usually overlooked , that the original is not to blame .
the considerable number of italicized words sprinkled throughout every page of the bible [gives] a clue , usually overlooked , that the original is not to blame .

The author is spared an exhaustive listing by the constraints of her corpus ( British newspapers ) , which provides a representative listing but barely scratches the surface of the language .
the author is spared an exhaustive listing by the constraints of her corpus ( british newspapers ) , which [gives] a representative listing but barely scratches the surface of the language .

In the course of his treatment of these topics , the author provides a wealth of information that answers numerous questions ( and confronts many of the prejudices ) that many people have about language :
in the course of his treatment of these topics , the author [gives] a wealth of information that answers numerous questions ( and confronts many of the prejudices ) that many people have about language :

A familiar noun provides the model for variation , usually because it contains a memorable ending .
a familiar noun [gives] the model for variation , usually because it contains a memorable ending .

Part II : HELPFUL HINTS is a partial answer key for the exercises in the COMMON ROOTS and provides the meaning and etymology of one root per exercise word .
part ii : helpful hints is a partial answer key for the exercises in the common roots and [gives] the meaning and etymology of one root per exercise word .

Part III : SUBJECTS consists of three categories of specialized words and phrases , which are further divided into 36 subjects , each of which , through an illustrative example and a wide selection of exercises entries , provides additional practice in dissecting , analyzing , reconstructing , defining , and providing commentaries for English words .
part iii : subjects consists of three categories of specialized words and phrases , which are further divided into 36 subjects , each of which , through an illustrative example and a wide selection of exercises entries , [gives] additional practice in dissecting , analyzing , reconstructing , defining , and providing commentaries for english words .

Part V : A CROSS-REFERENCE DICTIONARY is a combination dictionary-index , which provides follow-up coverage and page references for thousands of words and roots discussed in this book .
part v : a cross-reference dictionary is a combination dictionary-index , which [gives] follow-up coverage and page references for thousands of words and roots discussed in this book .

It is not , however , a matter of “ you pays your money and you takes your choice. ” For the Journal officiel also provides the alternative names acceptable to the Fifth Republic ; and if the Putins , for example , do not like “ Pertin , ” well hard cheese , they 'll just have to stay as they are .
it is not , however , a matter of “ you pays your money and you takes your choice. ” for the journal officiel also [gives] the alternative names acceptable to the fifth republic ; and if the putins , for example , do not like “ pertin , ” well hard cheese , they 'll just have to stay as they are .

DOSAE shows attention to detail , provides extensive definitions with detailed cross references , has broad phonetic transcriptions and , above all , provides delightful illustrative sentences from historical and contemporary sources .
dosae shows attention to detail , [gives] extensive definitions with detailed cross references , has broad phonetic transcriptions and , above all , [gives] delightful illustrative sentences from historical and contemporary sources .

In each case , a word or phrase that provides a synonym appears in a box , followed by the pronunciation ( s ) , followed by a part-of-speech label , followed by a symbol in brackets keyed to grammatical information given in the forematter ( [ T ] being the symbol for “ transitive verb , which has an object ” ) , the definition and a series of collocational examples .
in each case , a word or phrase that [gives] a synonym appears in a box , followed by the pronunciation ( s ) , followed by a part-of-speech label , followed by a symbol in brackets keyed to grammatical information given in the forematter ( [ t ] being the symbol for “ transitive verb , which has an object ” ) , the definition and a series of collocational examples .

Those who are not familiar with this type of dictionary -- that is , one that provides learners with grammatical , collocational , and idiomatic information far beyond what might be expected in an ordinary monolingual dictionary -- should familiarize themselves with the well-known precedent , the Oxford Advanced Learner 's Dictionary of Contemporary English , by A.S. Hornby , long a classic in the field .
those who are not familiar with this type of dictionary -- that is , one that [gives] learners with grammatical , collocational , and idiomatic information far beyond what might be expected in an ordinary monolingual dictionary -- should familiarize themselves with the well-known precedent , the oxford advanced learner 's dictionary of contemporary english , by a.s. hornby , long a classic in the field .

For instance , those who are curious about collective nouns ( like gaggle of geese , pride of lions ) are referred to Ruth Rendell 's An Unkindness of Ravens and James Lipton 's An Exaltation of Larks , but no mention is made of Ivan G. Speakes 's Dictionary of Collective Nouns , Gale Research Company , 1975 , which is not only the most comprehensive work on the subject but provides citations , as well .
for instance , those who are curious about collective nouns ( like gaggle of geese , pride of lions ) are referred to ruth rendell 's an unkindness of ravens and james lipton 's an exaltation of larks , but no mention is made of ivan g. speakes 's dictionary of collective nouns , gale research company , 1975 , which is not only the most comprehensive work on the subject but [gives] citations , as well .

For the moment , call it “ Doubling. ” The player who has devised a ` double ' provides to the others a definition , whereupon they try to respond with the precise double .
for the moment , call it “ doubling. ” the player who has devised a ` double ' [gives] to the others a definition , whereupon they try to respond with the precise double .

Only written or printed Chinese provides the glue to hold the Babel together .
only written or printed chinese [gives] the glue to hold the babel together .

It must be said—and I believe I shall be borne out on this—that relying on citations appearing in the OED or in works written long ago is a precarious business : the only accurate , safe statement that can be made about such information is that it provides evidence for the existence of a word in a given context at the time of publication of the work : it can not and must not be construed as the first time the word appeared on the face of the earth , merely as the first written evidence we have of its appearance .
it must be said—and i believe i shall be borne out on this—that relying on citations appearing in the oed or in works written long ago is a precarious business : the only accurate , safe statement that can be made about such information is that it [gives] evidence for the existence of a word in a given context at the time of publication of the work : it can not and must not be construed as the first time the word appeared on the face of the earth , merely as the first written evidence we have of its appearance .

Arnold , like Georges Perec , provides his own mode d'emploi , instructions for use .
arnold , like georges perec , [gives] his own mode d'emploi , instructions for use .

We seem to be entering a stage when many families might have in the entire house only one book that provides any clue to what is going on in the real world .
we seem to be entering a stage when many families might have in the entire house only one book that [gives] any clue to what is going on in the real world .

For lay readers and students who are not familiar with the prevailing concepts of mainstream linguistics , stylistics , and literary analysis , Mills 's Introduction provides a helpful explication of current theories and positions in these disciplines .
for lay readers and students who are not familiar with the prevailing concepts of mainstream linguistics , stylistics , and literary analysis , mills 's introduction [gives] a helpful explication of current theories and positions in these disciplines .

Author Chapman provides a transcription and his translation .
author chapman [gives] a transcription and his translation .

From the sheer numerical point of view , there can be no doubt that literature provides us with most examples of modified spellings , the vast majority in fact being found in dialogues in novels .
from the sheer numerical point of view , there can be no doubt that literature [gives] us with most examples of modified spellings , the vast majority in fact being found in dialogues in novels .

The first two parts of this work , the third part of which is a dictionary of 5380 German loanwords in English , begins with a useful Introduction that provides the book with just the right setting , then goes on in Part I with An historical overview by semantic fields and , in Part II , with a Linguistic overview , which treats matters like Phonology and Graphemics , Grammar , Word-Formation Processes , Semantics , Naturalization , and Dialect .
the first two parts of this work , the third part of which is a dictionary of 5380 german loanwords in english , begins with a useful introduction that [gives] the book with just the right setting , then goes on in part i with an historical overview by semantic fields and , in part ii , with a linguistic overview , which treats matters like phonology and graphemics , grammar , word-formation processes , semantics , naturalization , and dialect .

The publication of college dictionaries in the U.S. provides an outstanding textbook demonstration of the principles of competitive free enterprise at work and of what used to be called supply and demand , but is now dubbed “ market forces. ” There are five major dictionaries of approximately the same size competing for buyers in the market .
the publication of college dictionaries in the u.s. [gives] an outstanding textbook demonstration of the principles of competitive free enterprise at work and of what used to be called supply and demand , but is now dubbed “ market forces. ” there are five major dictionaries of approximately the same size competing for buyers in the market .

All this is heady stuff , indeed , and although Learning Disabilities does not treat all of them in depth , it provides a thorough overview of its subject , extremely useful not only as an introduction to the field but as an important source book for those who wish to probe further : the bibliography alone contains close to a thousand references .
all this is heady stuff , indeed , and although learning disabilities does not treat all of them in depth , it [gives] a thorough overview of its subject , extremely useful not only as an introduction to the field but as an important source book for those who wish to probe further : the bibliography alone contains close to a thousand references .

For some Black speakers , talking Black provides a system of resistance on a linguistic level to a powerful social order .
for some black speakers , talking black [gives] a system of resistance on a linguistic level to a powerful social order .

It provides eight citations from 1964 to 1986 , including John Fowels ' novel Daniel Martin , and another referring to the Isle of Weight .
it [gives] eight citations from 1964 to 1986 , including john fowels ' novel daniel martin , and another referring to the isle of weight .

Neither must itself nor the sentence as a whole provides the slightest clue as to which of these inter pretation is intended .
neither must itself nor the sentence as a whole [gives] the slightest clue as to which of these inter pretation is intended .

It is no accident that the English language provides just such a method .
it is no accident that the english language [gives] just such a method .

Lewis Carroll provides a classic example : in Through the Looking-Glass , the White Knight relates how he fell into his own helmet and “ it took hours and hours to get me out .
lewis carroll [gives] a classic example : in through the looking-glass , the white knight relates how he fell into his own helmet and “ it took hours and hours to get me out .

The Bible provides a wealth of material for misinterpretation and faulty recall , though it often requires nice readers for this to happen .
the bible [gives] a wealth of material for misinterpretation and faulty recall , though it often requires nice readers for this to happen .

Shakespeare , at a remove of four centuries , provides a hapless hunting ground for nice misinterpretations , either through misquotation or quoting out of context .
shakespeare , at a remove of four centuries , [gives] a hapless hunting ground for nice misinterpretations , either through misquotation or quoting out of context .

It seems to be a way station between polytheism and monotheism , a useful concept that provides a missing link in the evolutionary process .
it seems to be a way station between polytheism and monotheism , a useful concept that [gives] a missing link in the evolutionary process .

This is not the place to launch a commentary on the shortcomings and virtues of the various theories of grammar ( or grammatical theories ) that have been proposed ; suffice it to say that no one of them provides all the answers to all the myriad questions raised by language .
this is not the place to launch a commentary on the shortcomings and virtues of the various theories of grammar ( or grammatical theories ) that have been proposed ; suffice it to say that no one of them [gives] all the answers to all the myriad questions raised by language .

Jeans does not deny that—indeed , provides his own quotation from the Pall Mall Gazette of February 15 , 1884 , ( not listed in the OED2e ) to support the architectural reference—but he persists in offering the opinion that because the word is used in association with buildings in Liverpool , this makes it ... likely that the word is of nautical origin .
jeans does not deny that—indeed , [gives] his own quotation from the pall mall gazette of february 15 , 1884 , ( not listed in the oed2e ) to support the architectural reference—but he persists in offering the opinion that because the word is used in association with buildings in liverpool , this makes it ... likely that the word is of nautical origin .

Oxford provides no reliable guidance in the whole matter .
oxford [gives] no reliable guidance in the whole matter .

Apart from documenting linguistic treachery , however , the collecting of backwords provides capsule views of man 's progress in a variety of fields .
apart from documenting linguistic treachery , however , the collecting of backwords [gives] capsule views of man 's progress in a variety of fields .

Nevertheless , the spelling-check test provides some indication that English vocabulary has not discarded as many words over the past three centuries as one might expect .
nevertheless , the spelling-check test [gives] some indication that english vocabulary has not discarded as many words over the past three centuries as one might expect .

My son provides “ M y V ery E ducated M other J ust Served U s N ine P ickles. ” From 1979 to 1999 Pluto is closer to the sun than is Neptune .
my son [gives] “ m y v ery e ducated m other j ust served u s n ine p ickles. ” from 1979 to 1999 pluto is closer to the sun than is neptune .

Rhyming slang , of course , provides some of the best fun : it is a mystery to me how anyone who is unfamiliar with the origin of a given bit of rhyming slang can ever divine what it means .
rhyming slang , of course , [gives] some of the best fun : it is a mystery to me how anyone who is unfamiliar with the origin of a given bit of rhyming slang can ever divine what it means .

The apple industry provides another example : apple chewer is explicable as a sign of plenty , but apple carver is the fruit of a somewhat desperate attempt to provide entertainment ; and Apple Island or Isle is part now of a deliberately created nostalgia for a past in which there was once a thriving export industry .
the apple industry [gives] another example : apple chewer is explicable as a sign of plenty , but apple carver is the fruit of a somewhat desperate attempt to provide entertainment ; and apple island or isle is part now of a deliberately created nostalgia for a past in which there was once a thriving export industry .

It is more than a slang dictionary : Simes 's own lexicographical analysis of the terms is detailed and impressive , and he also provides a fifty-two page essay on the history of the literature and language of crime and the underworld .
it is more than a slang dictionary : simes 's own lexicographical analysis of the terms is detailed and impressive , and he also [gives] a fifty-two page essay on the history of the literature and language of crime and the underworld .

Though in the short run influences of languages and dialects on each other may result in distortion and ridiculous or embarrassing absurdities , the longterm fruit of linguistic cross-pollination appears to be enrichment , of which the English language provides a shining example .
though in the short run influences of languages and dialects on each other may result in distortion and ridiculous or embarrassing absurdities , the longterm fruit of linguistic cross-pollination appears to be enrichment , of which the english language [gives] a shining example .

Pat Rogers ( University of South Florida ) provides Boswell 's attitude to and use of Scotticisms both in writing and in speech ; at one time , we are told , Boswell considered compiling a dictionary of words peculiar to the Scottish tongue .
pat rogers ( university of south florida ) [gives] boswell 's attitude to and use of scotticisms both in writing and in speech ; at one time , we are told , boswell considered compiling a dictionary of words peculiar to the scottish tongue .

