The grand jury commented on a number of other topics , among them the Atlanta and Fulton County purchasing departments which it said `` are well operated and follow generally accepted practices which inure to the best interest of both governments '' .
the grand jury commented on a number of other topics , among them the atlanta and fulton county [buying] departments which it said `` are well operated and follow generally accepted practices which inure to the best interest of both governments '' .

The City Purchasing Department , the jury said , `` is lacking in experienced clerical personnel as a result of city personnel policies '' .
the city [buying] department , the jury said , `` is lacking in experienced clerical personnel as a result of city personnel policies '' .

One advantage that would come to the city in having a full-time director , he said , is that East Providence would become eligible to apply to the federal government for financial aid in purchasing equipment needed for a sound civil defense program .
one advantage that would come to the city in having a full-time director , he said , is that east providence would become eligible to apply to the federal government for financial aid in [buying] equipment needed for a sound civil defense program .

Headquarters has also set up a central juvenile book-review and book-selection center , to provide better methods of purchasing and selection .
headquarters has also set up a central juvenile book-review and book-selection center , to provide better methods of [buying] and selection .

Slackened regional demand for St. Louis goods and services reflects the region's relative lack of purchasing power .
slackened regional demand for st. louis goods and services reflects the region's relative lack of [buying] power .

The city has a stake in stimulating growth and purchasing power throughout outstate Missouri and Southern Illinois .
the city has a stake in stimulating growth and [buying] power throughout outstate missouri and southern illinois .

Is your purchasing agent offering too much free-buying service for employees ? ?
is your [buying] agent offering too much free-buying service for employees ? ?

What can your sales and purchasing departments do to curtail orders , shipments , and receipts during vacation shutdown periods ? ?
what can your sales and [buying] departments do to curtail orders , shipments , and receipts during vacation shutdown periods ? ?

In purchasing Louisiana , Jefferson had to adopt Hamilton's broad construction of the Constitution , and so did Madison in advocating the rechartering of Hamilton's bank , which he had so strenuously opposed at its inception , and in adopting a Hamiltonian protective tariff .
in [buying] louisiana , jefferson had to adopt hamilton's broad construction of the constitution , and so did madison in advocating the rechartering of hamilton's bank , which he had so strenuously opposed at its inception , and in adopting a hamiltonian protective tariff .

SBA works closely with the principal property disposal installations of the Federal Government in reviewing proposed sales programs and identifying those types of property that small business concerns are most likely to be interested in purchasing .
sba works closely with the principal property disposal installations of the federal government in reviewing proposed sales programs and identifying those types of property that small business concerns are most likely to be interested in [buying] .

U.S. Government Purchasing , Specifications , And Sales Directory , 60 cents , are available from the Superintendent of Documents , U.S. Government Printing Office , Washington 25 , D.C. .
u.s. government [buying] , specifications , and sales directory , 60 cents , are available from the superintendent of documents , u.s. government printing office , washington 25 , d.c. .

This system provides long- and short-term credit to farmers and their cooperative marketing , purchasing , and business service organizations .
this system provides long- and short-term credit to farmers and their cooperative marketing , [buying] , and business service organizations .

To be eligible to borrow from a Bank for Cooperatives , a cooperative must be an association in which farmers act together in processing and marketing farm products , purchasing farm supplies , or furnishing farm business services , and must meet the requirements set forth in the Farm Credit Act of 1933 , as amended .
to be eligible to borrow from a bank for cooperatives , a cooperative must be an association in which farmers act together in processing and marketing farm products , [buying] farm supplies , or furnishing farm business services , and must meet the requirements set forth in the farm credit act of 1933 , as amended .

It is difficult to pinpoint the time of origin of the state purchasing automobiles for use of employees in Rhode Island .
it is difficult to pinpoint the time of origin of the state [buying] automobiles for use of employees in rhode island .

Purchasing practices .
[buying] practices .

A primary function is the operation of a Government Bid Center , which receives bids daily from the Federal Government's principal purchasing agencies .
a primary function is the operation of a government bid center , which receives bids daily from the federal government's principal [buying] agencies .

This section shall not apply to corporations purchasing such stock solely for investment and not using the same by voting or otherwise to bring about , or in attempting to bring about , the substantial lessening of competition .
this section shall not apply to corporations [buying] such stock solely for investment and not using the same by voting or otherwise to bring about , or in attempting to bring about , the substantial lessening of competition .

So what we 're trying to do is ensure the service is delivered as the purchasing agencies require .
so what we 're trying to do is ensure the service is delivered as the [buying] agencies require .

However he revealed that although stores were not acting improperly , police have now persuaded them to keep a register of the names and addresses of people purchasing a scanner .
however he revealed that although stores were not acting improperly , police have now persuaded them to keep a register of the names and addresses of people [buying] a scanner .

It says the terms under which consumers will receive a ‘ free ’ item or gift must be clearly stated , particularly where it is conditional upon ordering or purchasing some other item .
it says the terms under which consumers will receive a ‘ free ’ item or gift must be clearly stated , particularly where it is conditional upon ordering or [buying] some other item .

Much enthusiasm , a sense of adventure , evidence of weekend meetings and power breakfasts even in Lighting Products Division ( Purchasing ) .
much enthusiasm , a sense of adventure , evidence of weekend meetings and power breakfasts even in lighting products division ( [buying] ) .

The move is the result of mounting concern after The Northern Echo revealed that it was feared plans to allow districts to form powerful purchasing consortiums could be the first step towards full-scale merger .
the move is the result of mounting concern after the northern echo revealed that it was feared plans to allow districts to form powerful [buying] consortiums could be the first step towards full-scale merger .

Members of the senior management within the health service have The Northern Echo that they believe the merger question will crop up once the purchasing consortiums have begun operating .
members of the senior management within the health service have the northern echo that they believe the merger question will crop up once the [buying] consortiums have begun operating .

News that the region has backed plans to create purchasing consortiums has been criticized by the British Medical Association .
news that the region has backed plans to create [buying] consortiums has been criticized by the british medical association .

Sources inside the health authority believed proposals for purchasing consortia linking together districts throughout the Northern region could be the forerunner of a fully fledged merger , possibly developing into a system of county-wide authorities .
sources inside the health authority believed proposals for [buying] consortia linking together districts throughout the northern region could be the forerunner of a fully fledged merger , possibly developing into a system of county-wide authorities .

The move would create seven powerful purchasing consortia which would secure the best deals for patients in the region .
the move would create seven powerful [buying] consortia which would secure the best deals for patients in the region .

Senior consultants and local politicians fear plans to create powerful purchasing consortiums among the region 's 15 districts are the first step towards merger .
senior consultants and local politicians fear plans to create powerful [buying] consortiums among the region 's 15 districts are the first step towards merger .

Mr Lamont said the changes would allow manufacturers and fleet managers to plan production and purchasing in a more rational and stable way .
mr lamont said the changes would allow manufacturers and fleet managers to plan production and [buying] in a more rational and stable way .

The council , which runs a fleet of 3,000 vehicles , heats more than 1,000 buildings and has one of the largest purchasing budgets in the country , has laid down objectives on reducing energy consumption and waste and using recycled materials wherever appropriate .
the council , which runs a fleet of 3,000 vehicles , heats more than 1,000 buildings and has one of the largest [buying] budgets in the country , has laid down objectives on reducing energy consumption and waste and using recycled materials wherever appropriate .

Competitors have claimed that it would be easier for independent suppliers to break into the market if the purchasing power of the former state monopoly was diminished by breaking up the business .
competitors have claimed that it would be easier for independent suppliers to break into the market if the [buying] power of the former state monopoly was diminished by breaking up the business .

Members of the Northern Regional Health Authority have backed proposals to create seven powerful purchasing authorities by allowing districts to join forces .
members of the northern regional health authority have backed proposals to create seven powerful [buying] authorities by allowing districts to join forces .

They say the emergence of large purchasing consortiums could lead to the merger of the Northern Region 's 16 districts into six super districts , leading to confusion and prompting some staff to quit .
they say the emergence of large [buying] consortiums could lead to the merger of the northern region 's 16 districts into six super districts , leading to confusion and prompting some staff to quit .

Mr Smith , who drew up the report into purchasing powers , said the moves did not mean the end of existing district health authorities .
mr smith , who drew up the report into [buying] powers , said the moves did not mean the end of existing district health authorities .

D'Angelo also relates the example of corporate America waking up to the belated realisation that what has become known as ‘ the pink economy ’ represents significant purchasing power .
d'angelo also relates the example of corporate america waking up to the belated realisation that what has become known as ‘ the pink economy ’ represents significant [buying] power .

It had provided that the deal could be varied in writing only and had to be signed by Mr Gillespie and by a director of the purchasing company acting with the authorisation of its board .
it had provided that the deal could be varied in writing only and had to be signed by mr gillespie and by a director of the [buying] company acting with the authorisation of its board .

Our share of world trade has been falling for years under successive governments to the extent that the purchasing power of our currency has roughly halved since 1945 .
our share of world trade has been falling for years under successive governments to the extent that the [buying] power of our currency has roughly halved since 1945 .

After purchasing Sir Gilbert Scott 's derelict Battersea Power Station , he scheduled a 2.30pm opening for May 21 , 1990 .
after [buying] sir gilbert scott 's derelict battersea power station , he scheduled a 2.30pm opening for may 21 , 1990 .

Worked with the National Coal Board on research and purchasing .
worked with the national coal board on research and [buying] .

Lender of last resort facilities are provided through direct loans to the banking sector , or by purchasing Treasury bills or commercial bills ( mainly the latter in recent years ) from the banking system .
lender of last resort facilities are provided through direct loans to the banking sector , or by [buying] treasury bills or commercial bills ( mainly the latter in recent years ) from the banking system .

So how can a return be earned from purchasing one ?
so how can a return be earned from [buying] one ?

Such problems have led to the characteristic phenomenon in which de facto priorities have been established by ad hoc political intervention over such matters as pay and prices , purchasing policy , import substitution , investment location and closure decisions .
such problems have led to the characteristic phenomenon in which de facto priorities have been established by ad hoc political intervention over such matters as pay and prices , [buying] policy , import substitution , investment location and closure decisions .

With inflation eroding the purchasing power of accumulated savings , workers were obliged to save more of their incomes if they were to rebuild the value of past savings .
with inflation eroding the [buying] power of accumulated savings , workers were obliged to save more of their incomes if they were to rebuild the value of past savings .

John Chambers , 35 , has been appointed commercial manager responsible for all estimating and purchasing activities .
john chambers , 35 , has been appointed commercial manager responsible for all estimating and [buying] activities .

Appliance sales fell by 1pc but improved purchasing and cost control turned a previous £2.1m loss into a £500,000 profit .
appliance sales fell by 1pc but improved [buying] and cost control turned a previous £2.1m loss into a £500,000 profit .

For most individuals this has been no great loss , the system usually being considered a much more complicated procedure than simply walking into a showroom and purchasing whatever took your ( and your pocket 's ) fancy .
for most individuals this has been no great loss , the system usually being considered a much more complicated procedure than simply walking into a showroom and [buying] whatever took your ( and your pocket 's ) fancy .

With betting banned , the punters were given the chance of a flutter by purchasing a prize draw ticket for each race .
with betting banned , the punters were given the chance of a flutter by [buying] a prize draw ticket for each race .

In order to test the assumption that the majority of the recent foreign-language publications consulted by readers had been acquired as part of the Library 's purchasing programme , the 814 post-1976 imprints whose method of acquisition was known were divided into two groups : those in foreign languages , and those in English .
in order to test the assumption that the majority of the recent foreign-language publications consulted by readers had been acquired as part of the library 's [buying] programme , the 814 post-1976 imprints whose method of acquisition was known were divided into two groups : those in foreign languages , and those in english .

As has already been noted , the number of foreign-language publications read can not be taken as a direct measure of the success or otherwise of the Library 's foreign purchasing programme ; however , in 1973 the then level of demand for such items was described as ‘ disappointingly low ’ , and the hope that the external circulation of lists of foreign accessions would have increased it was recognised to have been vain .
as has already been noted , the number of foreign-language publications read can not be taken as a direct measure of the success or otherwise of the library 's foreign [buying] programme ; however , in 1973 the then level of demand for such items was described as ‘ disappointingly low ’ , and the hope that the external circulation of lists of foreign accessions would have increased it was recognised to have been vain .

The country 's budget of £4 million for bus services in 1993–4 is exceeded by its education services budget of £5.5 million used partly for local bus service contracts and partly for purchasing seats on commercially run buses .
the country 's budget of £4 million for bus services in 1993–4 is exceeded by its education services budget of £5.5 million used partly for local bus service contracts and partly for [buying] seats on commercially run buses .

It runs all aspects of the business , from material purchasing and sales ordering through to production line loading , despatch of finished reel and invoicing .
it runs all aspects of the business , from material [buying] and sales ordering through to production line loading , despatch of finished reel and invoicing .

‘ Now the operation is commercial , we also help them with the purchasing of parts . ’
‘ now the operation is commercial , we also help them with the [buying] of parts . ’

Of the reasons given for not purchasing one , the most important were ( a ) an insufficient interest in the subject , and ( b ) the cost of the catalogues , the latter being of particular concern to a number of unemployed or student visitors .
of the reasons given for not [buying] one , the most important were ( a ) an insufficient interest in the subject , and ( b ) the cost of the catalogues , the latter being of particular concern to a number of unemployed or student visitors .

Again , your postcode indicates the sort of area you live in and this information can also be used by companies to estimate your purchasing power .
again , your postcode indicates the sort of area you live in and this information can also be used by companies to estimate your [buying] power .

An agreement signed during a two-day visit by senior purchasing staff from Behr appointed the Welsh Development Agency 's source team to select Welsh companies capable of supplying air conditioning system components such as wiring harnesses , precision castings and turned parts .
an agreement signed during a two-day visit by senior [buying] staff from behr appointed the welsh development agency 's source team to select welsh companies capable of supplying air conditioning system components such as wiring harnesses , precision castings and turned parts .

Money enables an individual to delay a potential purchase to the most convenient time by providing him with a way in which to store his purchasing power .
money enables an individual to delay a potential purchase to the most convenient time by providing him with a way in which to store his [buying] power .

The efficiency with which money performs its functions is greatly dependent upon the stability of its purchasing power .
the efficiency with which money performs its functions is greatly dependent upon the stability of its [buying] power .

Money holders will , therefore , suffer a loss of purchasing power .
money holders will , therefore , suffer a loss of [buying] power .

Note that purchasing an asset for less than its face value is known as ‘ discounting ’ .
note that [buying] an asset for less than its face value is known as ‘ discounting ’ .

Now suppose that the central bank increases the money supply — for example , by purchasing government securities on the open market .
now suppose that the central bank increases the money supply — for example , by [buying] government securities on the open market .

Colin added : ‘ We will be used as a purchasing arm by British Gas , right down to fairly small items , which takes away much of the administration burden from them . ’
colin added : ‘ we will be used as a [buying] arm by british gas , right down to fairly small items , which takes away much of the administration burden from them . ’

Economic development means more purchasing power in the hands of individuals and that means rapid growth for cosmetics , toiletries , pharmaceutical products — all the markets we supply .
economic development means more [buying] power in the hands of individuals and that means rapid growth for cosmetics , toiletries , pharmaceutical products — all the markets we supply .

, operations and supply director , responsible for all manufacturing , purchasing and distribution in Europe and for health and safety at all sites .
, operations and supply director , responsible for all manufacturing , [buying] and distribution in europe and for health and safety at all sites .

According to purchasing manager Roger DaForno , this excellent relationship has taken some time to build and there 's no doubt that both organizations ' commitment to a process of continuous improvement has helped immensely .
according to [buying] manager roger daforno , this excellent relationship has taken some time to build and there 's no doubt that both organizations ' commitment to a process of continuous improvement has helped immensely .

European area purchasing manager Maurice Melloul says the process starts from the premise that the most satisfying and successful business is built on partnership .
european area [buying] manager maurice melloul says the process starts from the premise that the most satisfying and successful business is built on partnership .

Maurice Melloul 's guidelines for the success of the purchasing agent in Dow corning sum up the professionalism that lies behind the words : ‘ The agent must : exercise close cost control build long term relationships bring negotiations to a ‘ win-win ’ conclusion promote and sell the best image of his company be knowledgeable about the supplier 's market and end-use applications . ’
maurice melloul 's guidelines for the success of the [buying] agent in dow corning sum up the professionalism that lies behind the words : ‘ the agent must : exercise close cost control build long term relationships bring negotiations to a ‘ win-win ’ conclusion promote and sell the best image of his company be knowledgeable about the supplier 's market and end-use applications . ’

The charter focuses on the SSDs ' key tasks : assessment ; designing care packages ; developing contracting and purchasing ; quality assurance ; and complaints and inspection .
the charter focuses on the ssds ' key tasks : assessment ; designing care packages ; developing contracting and [buying] ; quality assurance ; and complaints and inspection .

The point was made in Chapter 2 that many organisational buying decisions are complex , involving many people whose evaluative criteria may differ , and that the purchasing officer may play a minor role in deciding which supplier to choose , particularly with very expensive items .
the point was made in chapter 2 that many organisational buying decisions are complex , involving many people whose evaluative criteria may differ , and that the [buying] officer may play a minor role in deciding which supplier to choose , particularly with very expensive items .

Benefits should be analysed at two levels : those benefits which can be obtained by purchase of a particular type of product ; and those that can be obtained by purchasing that product from a particular supplier .
benefits should be analysed at two levels : those benefits which can be obtained by purchase of a particular type of product ; and those that can be obtained by [buying] that product from a particular supplier .

Such satisfaction will help to justify ultimate expenditure and will also reduce the severity and incidence of any complaints that might arise after purchasing .
such satisfaction will help to justify ultimate expenditure and will also reduce the severity and incidence of any complaints that might arise after [buying] .

Summarise the main points by re-emphasising the purchasing benefits that have been put forward during the demonstration .
summarise the main points by re-emphasising the [buying] benefits that have been put forward during the demonstration .

Note that we state purchasing benefits and not sales benefits because purchasing benefits relate to individual buying behaviour .
note that we state [buying] benefits and not sales benefits because [buying] benefits relate to individual buying behaviour .

This means that the salesperson will not need to emphasise inappropriate purchasing motives later in the selling process .
this means that the salesperson will not need to emphasise inappropriate [buying] motives later in the selling process .

Purchasing inhibitions are more quickly overcome and buyers declare their purchasing interest sooner than in face to face selling/ buying situations .
[buying] inhibitions are more quickly overcome and buyers declare their [buying] interest sooner than in face to face selling/ buying situations .

This is basically an attempt to group or to classify customers according to similar needs or purchasing characteristics .
this is basically an attempt to group or to classify customers according to similar needs or [buying] characteristics .

From 1981 the Institute of Purchasing and Supply has taken a serious and critical interest in the use of business gifts , especially where the ‘ giving ’ was tied to the placing of orders .
from 1981 the institute of [buying] and supply has taken a serious and critical interest in the use of business gifts , especially where the ‘ giving ’ was tied to the placing of orders .

Recently , the giving of business gifts has declined , as employers have placed restrictions upon what their employees may receive , and the Institute of Purchasing and Supply has published a ‘ blacklist ’ of companies operating what they consider to be gift schemes over and above items of nominal value .
recently , the giving of business gifts has declined , as employers have placed restrictions upon what their employees may receive , and the institute of [buying] and supply has published a ‘ blacklist ’ of companies operating what they consider to be gift schemes over and above items of nominal value .

Buying decisions often involve a large number of people , particularly in the case of a public authority where a purchasing committee may be involved in a major purchase .
buying decisions often involve a large number of people , particularly in the case of a public authority where a [buying] committee may be involved in a major purchase .

The success of the variety multiples has meant that manufacturers have had to reappraise their sales channels as it has meant a concentration of purchasing power into fewer hands .
the success of the variety multiples has meant that manufacturers have had to reappraise their sales channels as it has meant a concentration of [buying] power into fewer hands .

However , this seems to have largely failed , perhaps because of inferior purchasing power and because wholesalers must try to make their independent retailing members behave like variety multiples , using voluntary means .
however , this seems to have largely failed , perhaps because of inferior [buying] power and because wholesalers must try to make their independent retailing members behave like variety multiples , using voluntary means .

purchasing manager , managing director , etc .
[buying] manager , managing director , etc .

They are never outright rejections , but rather excuses for not purchasing now .
they are never outright rejections , but rather excuses for not [buying] now .

Finally , simply the existence of potential demand backed by purchasing power .
finally , simply the existence of potential demand backed by [buying] power .

They made a conscious decision not to deal with the new carpet superstores , largely because profit margins would be so low in that their bulk purchasing power made them able to demand low margins .
they made a conscious decision not to deal with the new carpet superstores , largely because profit margins would be so low in that their bulk [buying] power made them able to demand low margins .

The company can not compete on price in the volume markets because of outdated equipment and small purchasing power .
the company can not compete on price in the volume markets because of outdated equipment and small [buying] power .

It is possible , even likely , that many of the ‘ Seen to be Green ’ proposals are either in being or [ at worst ] being discussed . This is suggested by page 27 of the British Gas environmental review 1992 — Purchasing and Contracting :
it is possible , even likely , that many of the ‘ seen to be green ’ proposals are either in being or [ at worst ] being discussed . this is suggested by page 27 of the british gas environmental review 1992 — [buying] and contracting :

The important and radically changing role of purchasing in the drive for quality products and services is examined in this wide-ranging article .
the important and radically changing role of [buying] in the drive for quality products and services is examined in this wide-ranging article .

To buy secondhand is a risk as we do n't really know what we are purchasing .
to buy secondhand is a risk as we do n't really know what we are [buying] .

Health : When purchasing lilies it is important to select healthy well-grown stock .
health : when [buying] lilies it is important to select healthy well-grown stock .

Started in 1958 , the fund for the purpose of purchasing land was initially raised through various village events .
started in 1958 , the fund for the purpose of [buying] land was initially raised through various village events .

All the test phials , reagents and other relevant equipment come with the test kit , although refills are available , so you do n't have to keep purchasing the entire kit every time .
all the test phials , reagents and other relevant equipment come with the test kit , although refills are available , so you do n't have to keep [buying] the entire kit every time .

In return you get the benefits of staff training , purchasing , product development , marketing and leasing services .
in return you get the benefits of staff training , [buying] , product development , marketing and leasing services .

Mr Cook hit out as the Institute of Purchasing and Supply revealed factories are cutting production following a ‘ significant ’ fall in orders .
mr cook hit out as the institute of [buying] and supply revealed factories are cutting production following a ‘ significant ’ fall in orders .

After years of dealing with the likes of dullard and truculent supermarket purchasing managers , Horsley was suddenly meeting all manner of fascinating and powerful people .
after years of dealing with the likes of dullard and truculent supermarket [buying] managers , horsley was suddenly meeting all manner of fascinating and powerful people .

The relocators included 31 out of 33 departmental managers , 18 out of 21 marketing staff , 17 out of 21 engineering staff and 14 out of 16 purchasing staff .
the relocators included 31 out of 33 departmental managers , 18 out of 21 marketing staff , 17 out of 21 engineering staff and 14 out of 16 [buying] staff .

Any mortgage increase undertaken for personal reasons ( for example , to obtain capital , maximise tax allowances ) or purely as a result of purchasing a larger or more desirable property will not qualify for assistance .
any mortgage increase undertaken for personal reasons ( for example , to obtain capital , maximise tax allowances ) or purely as a result of [buying] a larger or more desirable property will not qualify for assistance .

These protect the purchasing power of savings in a way that no other completely safe investment can do , and they are free of United Kingdom income tax and capital gains tax .
these protect the [buying] power of savings in a way that no other completely safe investment can do , and they are free of united kingdom income tax and capital gains tax .

The purchasing of an annuity may certainly be an excellent idea for some elderly people ( and the older they are , the better will be the terms offered to them ) , but independent expert advice should always be sought first .
the [buying] of an annuity may certainly be an excellent idea for some elderly people ( and the older they are , the better will be the terms offered to them ) , but independent expert advice should always be sought first .

So vignerons purchasing bench grafted vinestock will save one year of productivity from their vineyard , a substantial proportion of their income .
so vignerons [buying] bench grafted vinestock will save one year of productivity from their vineyard , a substantial proportion of their income .

They are Geoff Meads , who becomes director of primary and community care , and Jacqueline Kelly , director of purchasing and performance management .
they are geoff meads , who becomes director of primary and community care , and jacqueline kelly , director of [buying] and performance management .

The Director of another company estimated savings of £2m in the first year after Effective Negotiating Seminars for their sales and purchasing staff , whilst the owner of a small company buying and selling industrial units in Europe identified a saving of over £800,000 in his next negotiation .
the director of another company estimated savings of £2m in the first year after effective negotiating seminars for their sales and [buying] staff , whilst the owner of a small company buying and selling industrial units in europe identified a saving of over £800,000 in his next negotiation .

When your sales , marketing , purchasing , finance and production people are all speaking the same language , it pays real dividends .
when your sales , marketing , [buying] , finance and production people are all speaking the same language , it pays real dividends .

In case of permanent use , purchasing or leasing ( normally for 24 or 36 months ) is probably the most economic way .
in case of permanent use , [buying] or leasing ( normally for 24 or 36 months ) is probably the most economic way .

In purchasing costs , stock holding and direct production costs .
in [buying] costs , stock holding and direct production costs .

This freedom of choice , our local knowledge and the security of purchasing through a household name must be an unbeatable combination .
this freedom of choice , our local knowledge and the security of [buying] through a household name must be an unbeatable combination .

When you consider all the privileges of being a lodge owner — the exquisite luxury , the excellent facilities , nd not least the sheer exclusivity of the location the actual purchasing price may well come as a pleasant surprise .
when you consider all the privileges of being a lodge owner — the exquisite luxury , the excellent facilities , nd not least the sheer exclusivity of the location the actual [buying] price may well come as a pleasant surprise .

You buy only the week , or weeks you want to use , at a fraction of the cost of purchasing the whole property .
you buy only the week , or weeks you want to use , at a fraction of the cost of [buying] the whole property .

When you consider the relentless quest for the luxury that has gone into each and every one , the cost of purchasing such a lodge does not seem excessive .
when you consider the relentless quest for the luxury that has gone into each and every one , the cost of [buying] such a lodge does not seem excessive .

‘ If we take 100 as the base of the purchasing power of the minimum salary in 1956 , the equivalent today is 30 .
‘ if we take 100 as the base of the [buying] power of the minimum salary in 1956 , the equivalent today is 30 .

And as the retail trade knows all too well , there is a surplus of goods that we have n't the purchasing power to acquire .
and as the retail trade knows all too well , there is a surplus of goods that we have n't the [buying] power to acquire .

We have failed to grasp that most people are now accustomed to exercising choice , however limited their purchasing power .
we have failed to grasp that most people are now accustomed to exercising choice , however limited their [buying] power .

The Kop is an economic way of purchasing polyester braid , as a half kilo or 18oz reel of 25kg ( 551 b ) breaking strain can provide as much as 920metres or 3000ft to play with ! Although more resilient , and easier to handle as well as coming in a far higher range of breaking strains ( up to 200kg or over 400 1 b ) , braid is still vulnerable to kinks and twists .
the kop is an economic way of [buying] polyester braid , as a half kilo or 18oz reel of 25kg ( 551 b ) breaking strain can provide as much as 920metres or 3000ft to play with ! although more resilient , and easier to handle as well as coming in a far higher range of breaking strains ( up to 200kg or over 400 1 b ) , braid is still vulnerable to kinks and twists .

Indeed , the new economy , the concomitant increase.in the standard of living and the purchasing power which it gave to the individual sounded the death-knell for the minor guilds .
indeed , the new economy , the concomitant increase.in the standard of living and the [buying] power which it gave to the individual sounded the death-knell for the minor guilds .

For instance , there is a whole range of factors which could lead to high food costs , including bad purchasing , storage or portion control , but there is n't any supporting evidence in the case itself for most of these .
for instance , there is a whole range of factors which could lead to high food costs , including bad [buying] , storage or portion control , but there is n't any supporting evidence in the case itself for most of these .

She is responsible for menu planning and food preparation , though you do the actual purchasing .
she is responsible for menu planning and food preparation , though you do the actual [buying] .

Marie originally did most of the cooking , and subsequently continued to supervise menu planning and food purchasing as well as handling the accounting aspects .
marie originally did most of the cooking , and subsequently continued to supervise menu planning and food [buying] as well as handling the accounting aspects .

Davenport maintains that the small size and geographical spread of the company 's hotels makes centralized purchasing uneconomic , and that the same argument applies to the personnel function .
davenport maintains that the small size and geographical spread of the company 's hotels makes centralized [buying] uneconomic , and that the same argument applies to the personnel function .

Typical topics include arrangements for special events such as the occasional group tour booking or function , the repair or renewal of equipment , the replacement of staff who have retired or resigned and the renegotiation of purchasing contracts .
typical topics include arrangements for special events such as the occasional group tour booking or function , the repair or renewal of equipment , the replacement of staff who have retired or resigned and the renegotiation of [buying] contracts .

They are operated independently , but some attempt has been made to standardize menus , develop common staff training schemes , install similar equipment and make bulk purchasing arrangements .
they are operated independently , but some attempt has been made to standardize menus , develop common staff training schemes , install similar equipment and make bulk [buying] arrangements .

These facts support the contention that the market 's purchasing power is high .
these facts support the contention that the market 's [buying] power is high .

He has also rationalized the range of wine and spirits stocks to reduce the stockturn ratio , introduced purchasing specifications , tightened up on the ordering system , established a fixed asset register and got the Accommodation Manager to prepare a five-year rolling plan for plant and equipment maintenance , as well as tightening up on staff overtime and casual workers ' pay .
he has also rationalized the range of wine and spirits stocks to reduce the stockturn ratio , introduced [buying] specifications , tightened up on the ordering system , established a fixed asset register and got the accommodation manager to prepare a five-year rolling plan for plant and equipment maintenance , as well as tightening up on staff overtime and casual workers ' pay .

In April 1985 , David Edwards learned through informal channels that there was a possibility of purchasing the Sutton Manor , an independent Lake District hotel owned and managed by James Edgar .
in april 1985 , david edwards learned through informal channels that there was a possibility of [buying] the sutton manor , an independent lake district hotel owned and managed by james edgar .

The purchasing was efficient .
the [buying] was efficient .

If you do get caught and the big company 's payments department and purchasing manager can not or will not help then you could try the following approach :
if you do get caught and the big company 's payments department and [buying] manager can not or will not help then you could try the following approach :

If selling to a receiver you must be sure to establish whether the receiver is purchasing in his own name and assuming personal liability or whether he is purchasing on behalf of the receivership .
if selling to a receiver you must be sure to establish whether the receiver is [buying] in his own name and assuming personal liability or whether he is [buying] on behalf of the receivership .

But if you 're an individual or small business buyer , then you 'll probably be better off taking the following steps to make sure purchasing your computer is a painless as possible .
but if you 're an individual or small business buyer , then you 'll probably be better off taking the following steps to make sure [buying] your computer is a painless as possible .

It is also extremely unlikely that today 's political parties or their backers would have either sufficient funds or the desire to use such large sums of money for purchasing newspapers .
it is also extremely unlikely that today 's political parties or their backers would have either sufficient funds or the desire to use such large sums of money for [buying] newspapers .

They tend to favour those media which have audiences with ( usually ) high purchasing powers as against media which have readers or viewers with limited purchasing power .
they tend to favour those media which have audiences with ( usually ) high [buying] powers as against media which have readers or viewers with limited [buying] power .

Purchasing a car .
[buying] a car .

Relatively late Soviet purchasing of plastics , synthetic fibre and compound and concentrated fertiliser technology is implied in the belated chemicalisation drive … The Soviet acquisition of computers has been relatively late … Soviet commercial acquisition of other major technologies , such as numerically controlled machine tools and offshore oil drilling has been relatively late .
relatively late soviet [buying] of plastics , synthetic fibre and compound and concentrated fertiliser technology is implied in the belated chemicalisation drive … the soviet acquisition of computers has been relatively late … soviet commercial acquisition of other major technologies , such as numerically controlled machine tools and offshore oil drilling has been relatively late .

We must go into the reasons why we sometimes lose our lead [ in a technology ] and spend large sums of money on purchasing abroad equipment or technology which we are fully able to make for ourselves , often indeed at a higher quality level .
we must go into the reasons why we sometimes lose our lead [ in a technology ] and spend large sums of money on [buying] abroad equipment or technology which we are fully able to make for ourselves , often indeed at a higher quality level .

We would also be interested in purchasing some of the more sought after antiquarian guides and books where their value is such that a pure donation might be considered over-generous .
we would also be interested in [buying] some of the more sought after antiquarian guides and books where their value is such that a pure donation might be considered over-generous .

If you do n't have the colour changer , or this accessory is not on your financial agenda at present , purchasing additional yarn masts is a less expensive alternative .
if you do n't have the colour changer , or this accessory is not on your financial agenda at present , [buying] additional yarn masts is a less expensive alternative .

It takes a great deal of time and money to establish a brand which explains why predators may be willing , when purchasing a company with strong brand identification , to pay far more than the stock market valuation of that company .
it takes a great deal of time and money to establish a brand which explains why predators may be willing , when [buying] a company with strong brand identification , to pay far more than the stock market valuation of that company .

It is easy , and roughly measures purchasing power too .
it is easy , and roughly measures [buying] power too .

The PowerSystems modules in use include general ledger , sales order purchasing , sales ledger , purchase ledger , stock control , and payroll , with Power-Target used for sales analysis .
the powersystems modules in use include general ledger , sales order [buying] , sales ledger , purchase ledger , stock control , and payroll , with power-target used for sales analysis .

Although in terms of outgoings this type of mortgage is the most expensive , it arguably provides the best value since , having repaid the mortgage , the balance of the pension fund ( 75% ) is applied to purchasing an annuity giving a guaranteed income for life .
although in terms of outgoings this type of mortgage is the most expensive , it arguably provides the best value since , having repaid the mortgage , the balance of the pension fund ( 75% ) is applied to [buying] an annuity giving a guaranteed income for life .

Most purchasing decisions are based on an internal assessment of business needs , a specification of the product or service required and some competitive procurement process .
most [buying] decisions are based on an internal assessment of business needs , a specification of the product or service required and some competitive procurement process .

‘ We sit down and negotiate lines of credit with leasing companies , which enables us to make quick purchasing decisions knowing that the credit is there , ’ said Mr Salway .
‘ we sit down and negotiate lines of credit with leasing companies , which enables us to make quick [buying] decisions knowing that the credit is there , ’ said mr salway .

Costs of purchasing foreign currency also vary considerably .
costs of [buying] foreign currency also vary considerably .

There are eight accounting modules : nominal ledger ; invoicing ; stock control ; budgeting ; sales ledger ; purchase ledger ; purchasing ; and auditing .
there are eight accounting modules : nominal ledger ; invoicing ; stock control ; budgeting ; sales ledger ; purchase ledger ; [buying] ; and auditing .

Overpaying tax on an estimated computation therefore seems preferable to purchasing a certificate .
overpaying tax on an estimated computation therefore seems preferable to [buying] a certificate .

Thus , if an individual shareholder sustained loss while relying on negligently prepared accounts , whether by selling or retaining shares or by purchasing additional shares , he or she was entitled to recover his or her loss .
thus , if an individual shareholder sustained loss while relying on negligently prepared accounts , whether by selling or retaining shares or by [buying] additional shares , he or she was entitled to recover his or her loss .

Paul Cronin , its executive director of community and mental health services , claims the Authority already knew that joint purchasing arrangements , information technology and developing links with GPs were the biggest areas of concern .
paul cronin , its executive director of community and mental health services , claims the authority already knew that joint [buying] arrangements , information technology and developing links with gps were the biggest areas of concern .

At the end of 1989 German producers benefited from the appearance of 17m eastern Germans with D-mark purchasing power .
at the end of 1989 german producers benefited from the appearance of 17m eastern germans with d-mark [buying] power .

The Labour-dominated Association of London Authorities concedes there is a trend to develop a form of provider and purchasing separation .
the labour-dominated association of london authorities concedes there is a trend to develop a form of provider and [buying] separation .

It will also be a positive career move — care managers will be mobile , with all the advantages of having developed key skills in purchasing and providing .
it will also be a positive career move — care managers will be mobile , with all the advantages of having developed key skills in [buying] and providing .

The sales revenue from their smaller circulations covered a much lower proportion of costs ; but the greater purchasing power of their readers , some of whom spent ‘ corporate ’ money , not just their own personal incomes , enabled the qualities to charge far higher advertising rates and break even at circulation levels completely unrealistic for the populars .
the sales revenue from their smaller circulations covered a much lower proportion of costs ; but the greater [buying] power of their readers , some of whom spent ‘ corporate ’ money , not just their own personal incomes , enabled the qualities to charge far higher advertising rates and break even at circulation levels completely unrealistic for the populars .

So was United , in 1987 , having acquired national papers by purchasing the Beaverbrook/ Trafalgar titles .
so was united , in 1987 , having acquired national papers by [buying] the beaverbrook/ trafalgar titles .

The figure includes loans sold to the Co-operative Credit Purchasing Company , a loan-buying company set up by the banks themselves .
the figure includes loans sold to the co-operative credit [buying] company , a loan-buying company set up by the banks themselves .

In 1717 , Captain Ferguson , with the support of Brigadier Preston , wrote to the Duke of Montrose to seek his ‘ help to his merit in purchasing from Major James Lauson his post as Major ’ .
in 1717 , captain ferguson , with the support of brigadier preston , wrote to the duke of montrose to seek his ‘ help to his merit in [buying] from major james lauson his post as major ’ .

For the new post-war ideology of consumption to be stimulated it was necessary for women to remain in the home , yet at the same time to enter the labour market to supplement the ‘ main income ’ to sustain the family 's purchasing power .
for the new post-war ideology of consumption to be stimulated it was necessary for women to remain in the home , yet at the same time to enter the labour market to supplement the ‘ main income ’ to sustain the family 's [buying] power .

The trouble is that they do not fluctuate around the ‘ right ’ average if ‘ right ’ is to be measured by purchasing power .
the trouble is that they do not fluctuate around the ‘ right ’ average if ‘ right ’ is to be measured by [buying] power .

Continuing its policy of purchasing early nineteenth-century European pictures , the National Gallery has acquired two important new works by Danish artists .
continuing its policy of [buying] early nineteenth-century european pictures , the national gallery has acquired two important new works by danish artists .

The collections formed from the spoils of the Revolution were then augmented by bequests such as that of Jean-Baptiste Wicar , disciple of David and curator of the museum , whose collections included an outstanding group of 800 Old Master drawings , among them a number of superb sheets by Raphael , and by the bold purchasing of modern French art by the municipality in the second half of the nineteenth century .
the collections formed from the spoils of the revolution were then augmented by bequests such as that of jean-baptiste wicar , disciple of david and curator of the museum , whose collections included an outstanding group of 800 old master drawings , among them a number of superb sheets by raphael , and by the bold [buying] of modern french art by the municipality in the second half of the nineteenth century .

As last year , proceeds from the opening reception will go to the Print Fund , administered by the National Art Collections Fund which provides museums with a new source of grants for purchasing original prints .
as last year , proceeds from the opening reception will go to the print fund , administered by the national art collections fund which provides museums with a new source of grants for [buying] original prints .

Thirty per cent of the total raised is put towards the Contemporary Art Society 's museum purchasing fund .
thirty per cent of the total raised is put towards the contemporary art society 's museum [buying] fund .

Pensions represent a transfer of resources in the form of purchasing power from current taxpayers or pension-fund contributors to past contributors .
pensions represent a transfer of resources in the form of [buying] power from current taxpayers or pension-fund contributors to past contributors .

It is generally advisable to find out something about a fish before purchasing it .
it is generally advisable to find out something about a fish before [buying] it .

Buying two wooden spoons can be more fun at this time than purchasing an expensive set of china in later years .
buying two wooden spoons can be more fun at this time than [buying] an expensive set of china in later years .

Over the coming months we hope to begin the process of finding and purchasing a suitable place .
over the coming months we hope to begin the process of finding and [buying] a suitable place .

You could support the scheme ( and provide free advertising at the same time ) by purchasing a chic Mark 2 tee — shirt .
you could support the scheme ( and provide free advertising at the same time ) by [buying] a chic mark 2 tee — shirt .

All the people are to have a voice , which is to be operationalized through their individual consumption or purchasing decisions .
all the people are to have a voice , which is to be operationalized through their individual consumption or [buying] decisions .

Living standards for most of the population were lower in India than in western Europe and silver bullion , which was the nearest thing to a common international currency at the time , had a higher purchasing power in India than in Europe , so that anything made by people who were paid European wages would be expensive in terms of silver in India .
living standards for most of the population were lower in india than in western europe and silver bullion , which was the nearest thing to a common international currency at the time , had a higher [buying] power in india than in europe , so that anything made by people who were paid european wages would be expensive in terms of silver in india .

Unix Expo had an independent survey taken and found that its 1992 attendees represent a hefty $ 10 billion in purchasing power for Unix and open systems .
unix expo had an independent survey taken and found that its 1992 attendees represent a hefty $ 10 billion in [buying] power for unix and open systems .

Under the new arrangements the role of the local authority will be to assess needs in their locality , set local priorities and service objectives , and arrange the required care by designing , organizing and purchasing it .
under the new arrangements the role of the local authority will be to assess needs in their locality , set local priorities and service objectives , and arrange the required care by designing , organizing and [buying] it .

Figure 5 shows how a Joint Purchasing Consortium would work .
figure 5 shows how a joint [buying] consortium would work .

There are signs from some parts of the country that some authorities are already exploring , albeit gingerly , the possibilities of ‘ joint purchasing ’ and that this represents a good way forward .
there are signs from some parts of the country that some authorities are already exploring , albeit gingerly , the possibilities of ‘ joint [buying] ’ and that this represents a good way forward .

These would compete directly with voluntary agencies and health and social services ' own provision and the quality and effectiveness of such services will depend on the contracting skills of purchasing agencies and on close quality-monitoring programmes .
these would compete directly with voluntary agencies and health and social services ' own provision and the quality and effectiveness of such services will depend on the contracting skills of [buying] agencies and on close quality-monitoring programmes .

The various stages of the purchasing process include enquiry , quotation , placement of order , delivery with delivery note , invoice received , invoice checked and approved , and statement reconciled and account paid , as discussed in Chapter 5 .
the various stages of the [buying] process include enquiry , quotation , placement of order , delivery with delivery note , invoice received , invoice checked and approved , and statement reconciled and account paid , as discussed in chapter 5 .

Examples of such restraints are exclusive distribution agreements , exclusive purchasing agreements , selective distribution systems and exclusive franchises , de-ins and full-line forcing , refusal to supply , and attempts at resale price maintenance .
examples of such restraints are exclusive distribution agreements , exclusive [buying] agreements , selective distribution systems and exclusive franchises , de-ins and full-line forcing , refusal to supply , and attempts at resale price maintenance .

Some vertical agreements , such as exclusive distribution and exclusive purchasing , have been examined under this framework .
some vertical agreements , such as exclusive distribution and exclusive [buying] , have been examined under this framework .

An exclusive purchasing agreement obliges a retailer to purchase its supply of a particular good or set of goods solely from one manufacturer .
an exclusive [buying] agreement obliges a retailer to purchase its supply of a particular good or set of goods solely from one manufacturer .

Figure 2 Exclusive Purchasing and Exclusive Distribution
figure 2 exclusive [buying] and exclusive distribution

For example , the exclusive purchasing agreement by itself raises the manufacturer 's margin , but may lower the retail margin .
for example , the exclusive [buying] agreement by itself raises the manufacturer 's margin , but may lower the retail margin .

They had decided that they would save a lot of money doing their own purchasing and importing , and Christina wanted to make her own contribution to all the work on the hotel .
they had decided that they would save a lot of money doing their own [buying] and importing , and christina wanted to make her own contribution to all the work on the hotel .

‘ We 've done merchandising , purchasing , sourcing and inventory auditing . ’
‘ we 've done merchandising , [buying] , sourcing and inventory auditing . ’

‘ Twenty years ago the Jewish National Fund was established for the purpose of purchasing land as the inalienable property of the Jewish people .
‘ twenty years ago the jewish national fund was established for the purpose of [buying] land as the inalienable property of the jewish people .

‘ The placing of adequate purchasing power in the hands of the citizens so that they will spend more ’ , wrote Beveridge in 1944 , ‘ should be the main instrument of a full employment policy .
‘ the placing of adequate [buying] power in the hands of the citizens so that they will spend more ’ , wrote beveridge in 1944 , ‘ should be the main instrument of a full employment policy .

No longer would youth and its culture have such a power to affect society as it had had for those brief few years from 1963 to 1967 : although the sharp end of youth culture was confusing purchasing power with political power and demanding change , many of its constituents were caught by the freeze that , introduced the previous year , signified the end of the ten-year boom that had thrust youth into prominence .
no longer would youth and its culture have such a power to affect society as it had had for those brief few years from 1963 to 1967 : although the sharp end of youth culture was confusing [buying] power with political power and demanding change , many of its constituents were caught by the freeze that , introduced the previous year , signified the end of the ten-year boom that had thrust youth into prominence .

Certain necessary fixed costs of overheads can then be spread over a greater number of units of output thus reducing their incidence per unit of output , and also unit attributable costs might be lowered via bulk buying or the better management of production , and by strengthening of purchasing power .
certain necessary fixed costs of overheads can then be spread over a greater number of units of output thus reducing their incidence per unit of output , and also unit attributable costs might be lowered via bulk buying or the better management of production , and by strengthening of [buying] power .

Generally speaking , and in spite of the Great Depression , for the employed inter-war working class , ‘ increased purchasing power led to an increase in total consumer expenditure on commercial leisure forms ’ .
generally speaking , and in spite of the great depression , for the employed inter-war working class , ‘ increased [buying] power led to an increase in total consumer expenditure on commercial leisure forms ’ .

In areas where the inflation of housing prices has made it impossible for many local people to obtain their own homes , the sight of outsiders purchasing houses when they already have one elsewhere can be an affront to local dignity .
in areas where the inflation of housing prices has made it impossible for many local people to obtain their own homes , the sight of outsiders [buying] houses when they already have one elsewhere can be an affront to local dignity .

Large-scale redundancies , particularly where the company employs a sizeable proportion of the workforce , are liable to result in a substantial reduction in local purchasing power ; this may in turn have a knock-on effect on other local businesses and on local tax revenues and hence municipally-provided services , and the ensuing high level of unemployment is likely to contribute more generally to a weakening of community relations .
large-scale redundancies , particularly where the company employs a sizeable proportion of the workforce , are liable to result in a substantial reduction in local [buying] power ; this may in turn have a knock-on effect on other local businesses and on local tax revenues and hence municipally-provided services , and the ensuing high level of unemployment is likely to contribute more generally to a weakening of community relations .

They are normally responsible for purchasing their own uniform and music , and often their own instrument too .
they are normally responsible for [buying] their own uniform and music , and often their own instrument too .

His choice of emissary was odd : Andrew Djin was a party hack who , when manager of the Cocoa Purchasing Company , had been censured by a Commission of Enquiry for ‘ irregularities ’ , and was not a ‘ fit and proper person ’ to run the firm ; though the Commission hinted that Nkrumah was ‘ indebted to Mr Djin ' .
his choice of emissary was odd : andrew djin was a party hack who , when manager of the cocoa [buying] company , had been censured by a commission of enquiry for ‘ irregularities ’ , and was not a ‘ fit and proper person ’ to run the firm ; though the commission hinted that nkrumah was ‘ indebted to mr djin ' .

It is this additional purchasing power that will trigger the secondary investment by the private sector .
it is this additional [buying] power that will trigger the secondary investment by the private sector .

Targeting , Government Purchasing
targeting , government [buying]

The second initiative that should be taken by central government is to shape its purchasing policy so that government contracts are increasingly placed in areas of high unemployment .
the second initiative that should be taken by central government is to shape its [buying] policy so that government contracts are increasingly placed in areas of high unemployment .

Schonberger ( 1986 ) argues that ‘ world-class manufacturing ’ status is not achieved merely by purchasing the latest equipment , and that the key roles of shop-floor operators in equipment set-up , maintenance and quality control need to be recombined .
schonberger ( 1986 ) argues that ‘ world-class manufacturing ’ status is not achieved merely by [buying] the latest equipment , and that the key roles of shop-floor operators in equipment set-up , maintenance and quality control need to be recombined .

The consumption of goods is quite remarkably neglected as a subject of study outside of formal economics and models of individual purchasing behaviour .
the consumption of goods is quite remarkably neglected as a subject of study outside of formal economics and models of individual [buying] behaviour .

These reforms are to be coordinated by a newly created Public Competition and Purchasing Unit in the Treasury .
these reforms are to be coordinated by a newly created public competition and [buying] unit in the treasury .

In particular , lead time can be shortened through the optimum design of drawing release , purchasing strategies and fabrication procedures in the shop .
in particular , lead time can be shortened through the optimum design of drawing release , [buying] strategies and fabrication procedures in the shop .

It is envisaged that this section will contain text files ( instructions from the designer , component purchasing details , etc ) , equations for calculating features and relationships , as well as pictorial data .
it is envisaged that this section will contain text files ( instructions from the designer , component [buying] details , etc ) , equations for calculating features and relationships , as well as pictorial data .

These methods of categorizing components and assemblies thus enable production facilities to be used more efficiently , purchasing requirements to be known more accurately and the conforming of piece-parts and assemblies to functional constraints to be maintained .
these methods of categorizing components and assemblies thus enable production facilities to be used more efficiently , [buying] requirements to be known more accurately and the conforming of piece-parts and assemblies to functional constraints to be maintained .

The creation of a good personal library is a habit to be encouraged ; now is an excellent time to begin , when you are purchasing books for your degree studies .
the creation of a good personal library is a habit to be encouraged ; now is an excellent time to begin , when you are [buying] books for your degree studies .

We must stress the importance of reading the labels carefully before purchasing sweet food .
we must stress the importance of reading the labels carefully before [buying] sweet food .

One of the principal ways in which the Russian state undermined native culture was by purchasing the collaboration of chiefs , where they existed , or could be arbitrarily designated .
one of the principal ways in which the russian state undermined native culture was by [buying] the collaboration of chiefs , where they existed , or could be arbitrarily designated .

Ask your dealer if the species you are purchasing is captive bred or wild caught .
ask your dealer if the species you are [buying] is captive bred or wild caught .

Nowadays the keen water gardener has become far more selective when purchasing waterlilies , either trying to obtain some of the rarer varieties or experimenting with some of the more recent introductions of nymphaea , especially some of the outstanding new varieties that have been produced in America .
nowadays the keen water gardener has become far more selective when [buying] waterlilies , either trying to obtain some of the rarer varieties or experimenting with some of the more recent introductions of nymphaea , especially some of the outstanding new varieties that have been produced in america .

In national parks or Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty ( AONBs ) , or in areas designated by the Secretary of State as ‘ rural ’ , the sale contains a covenant limiting the freedom of the purchasing tenant and his successors to resell the dwelling ; houses can be resold only to ‘ locals ’ who fulfil certain criteria , such as living or working in the designated rural area for the previous three years ; or , for ten years after the original purchase , the tenant has first to offer to resell to the council ( Liell 1981 ) .
in national parks or areas of outstanding natural beauty ( aonbs ) , or in areas designated by the secretary of state as ‘ rural ’ , the sale contains a covenant limiting the freedom of the [buying] tenant and his successors to resell the dwelling ; houses can be resold only to ‘ locals ’ who fulfil certain criteria , such as living or working in the designated rural area for the previous three years ; or , for ten years after the original purchase , the tenant has first to offer to resell to the council ( liell 1981 ) .

At the outset it may be noted that the development of large-scale impersonal capitals , integrating purchasing , production and marketing within a multidivisional form , substantially increases the element of ‘ planning ’ within capitalism .
at the outset it may be noted that the development of large-scale impersonal capitals , integrating [buying] , production and marketing within a multidivisional form , substantially increases the element of ‘ planning ’ within capitalism .

In some such cases specific protection , in the form of import controls , subsidies or state purchasing , may be justified on socialist grounds , for instance if the industry is a struggling ‘ infant ’ with good future prospects ( ‘ good ’ , that is , in respect of the efficient satisfaction of social need ) , or even a struggling ‘ geriatric ’ which stands a good chance of reviving its fortunes through a thorough re-investment programme .
in some such cases specific protection , in the form of import controls , subsidies or state [buying] , may be justified on socialist grounds , for instance if the industry is a struggling ‘ infant ’ with good future prospects ( ‘ good ’ , that is , in respect of the efficient satisfaction of social need ) , or even a struggling ‘ geriatric ’ which stands a good chance of reviving its fortunes through a thorough re-investment programme .

We must underpin the knowledge and confidence of customers by training , improved classification , display and merchandising aids , and recognise who really drives the purchasing decision .
we must underpin the knowledge and confidence of customers by training , improved classification , display and merchandising aids , and recognise who really drives the [buying] decision .

• the increase in out of town shopping and the negative impact of this on spontaneous purchasing
• the increase in out of town shopping and the negative impact of this on spontaneous [buying]

Of that , around £60m of school purchasing was on ‘ trade ’ as opposed to text books , or ‘ what in other terms is thought of as children 's and teenage publishing ’ .
of that , around £60m of school [buying] was on ‘ trade ’ as opposed to text books , or ‘ what in other terms is thought of as children 's and teenage publishing ’ .

Specialist children 's bookseller Angela McPherson agreed that teachers wanted convenience in their book purchasing , but also emphasised that they wanted choice , advice on what was available and back-up services such as jacketing .
specialist children 's bookseller angela mcpherson agreed that teachers wanted convenience in their book [buying] , but also emphasised that they wanted choice , advice on what was available and back-up services such as jacketing .

We did not look specifically at extracontractual referrals and the extent to which payment for these was refused by purchasing authorities , but there is no evidence from our results that the contracting system affected out of district referrals from this group of practices to any great extent .
we did not look specifically at extracontractual referrals and the extent to which payment for these was refused by [buying] authorities , but there is no evidence from our results that the contracting system affected out of district referrals from this group of practices to any great extent .

Without their purchasing them , many of these books would never have been published .
without their [buying] them , many of these books would never have been published .

Many practices have so far opted not to take the inducements to fundhold , and some have invested a considerable amount of time and energy into alternative methods of organising general practitioners ' input into purchasing decisions .
many practices have so far opted not to take the inducements to fundhold , and some have invested a considerable amount of time and energy into alternative methods of organising general practitioners ' input into [buying] decisions .

( 3 ) Implicit acceptance of responsibility for providing a wide range of services to our patients — In taking a fund we accept responsibility for purchasing hospital services , drugs , and now community care on behalf of our patients .
( 3 ) implicit acceptance of responsibility for providing a wide range of services to our patients — in taking a fund we accept responsibility for [buying] hospital services , drugs , and now community care on behalf of our patients .

It may be argued that fundholding allows us to discharge these responsibilities ourselves in respect of our own practice population , and that we are capable of doing the job better than a large purchasing authority .
it may be argued that fundholding allows us to discharge these responsibilities ourselves in respect of our own practice population , and that we are capable of doing the job better than a large [buying] authority .

People with private health insurance are known to have above average income and tax relief therefore redistributes purchasing power from lower to higher income groups .
people with private health insurance are known to have above average income and tax relief therefore redistributes [buying] power from lower to higher income groups .

Providers have had to cope with the uncertainty created by the unpredictability of fundholders ' purchasing decisions or maintain services on a lower throughput when fundholders referred elsewhere .
providers have had to cope with the uncertainty created by the unpredictability of fundholders ' [buying] decisions or maintain services on a lower throughput when fundholders referred elsewhere .

Editor , — Virginia Morley gives an example of locally sensitive purchasing , attributed to North Derbyshire Health Authority .
editor , — virginia morley gives an example of locally sensitive [buying] , attributed to north derbyshire health authority .

Care management as a purchasing function
care management as a [buying] function

1719 for building an Schoolhouse for Killdaltan parish 20 0 0 1721 to the purchasing of the Communion Eliments 83 14 0 to the expences of an Express sent out to Mr. Anderson in Edinr .
1719 for building an schoolhouse for killdaltan parish 20 0 0 1721 to the [buying] of the communion eliments 83 14 0 to the expences of an express sent out to mr. anderson in edinr .

1719 for building an Schoolhouse for Killdaltan parish 20 0 0 1721 to the purchasing of the Communion Eliments 83 14 0 to the expences of an Express sent out to Mr. Anderson in Edinr .
1719 for building an schoolhouse for killdaltan parish 20 0 0 1721 to the [buying] of the communion eliments 83 14 0 to the expences of an express sent out to mr. anderson in edinr .

1784 " The Meeting considering that there is now no Charity Schoolmaster in the Parish of Kildaltan , and Therefore the four pounds yearly for said Schoolmaster falls , and the Gentlemen of the Parish of Kildaltan having represented that they wish to have a fund for Purchasing Communion Tables & furms , and that four pounds sterl. will be necessary for that purpose , … agree to stent themselves for the sd. four pounds for this year . "
1784 " the meeting considering that there is now no charity schoolmaster in the parish of kildaltan , and therefore the four pounds yearly for said schoolmaster falls , and the gentlemen of the parish of kildaltan having represented that they wish to have a fund for [buying] communion tables & furms , and that four pounds sterl. will be necessary for that purpose , … agree to stent themselves for the sd. four pounds for this year . "

Two pounds was to be spent on purchasing books , and Mr. Cameron was appointed Librarian . ``
two pounds was to be spent on [buying] books , and mr. cameron was appointed librarian . ``

There are no factual data that amalgamation of institutions has any advantages beyond economies of some central services such as catering and purchasing , and perhaps administrative convenience .
there are no factual data that amalgamation of institutions has any advantages beyond economies of some central services such as catering and [buying] , and perhaps administrative convenience .

Editor , — Chris Ham states that ‘ The introduction of contracts has helped to enhance the accountability of providers to purchasers , ’ but from our own research we are aware of some purchasing organisations that have failed to exercise any control over the financial and strategic operations of providers ( presented to the Health Economics Studies Group , York , 1993 ) .
editor , — chris ham states that ‘ the introduction of contracts has helped to enhance the accountability of providers to purchasers , ’ but from our own research we are aware of some [buying] organisations that have failed to exercise any control over the financial and strategic operations of providers ( presented to the health economics studies group , york , 1993 ) .

’ We found the most significant factor affecting the health of purchasing authorities was the outcome of subregional weighted capitation , in which inertia was overcome only where districts had gained or lost significantly under the formula .
’ we found the most significant factor affecting the health of [buying] authorities was the outcome of subregional weighted capitation , in which inertia was overcome only where districts had gained or lost significantly under the formula .

One of the recommendations is that the planning team should implement the review by analysing different ways of providing particular services — crisis intervention , for example — and making recommendations to the purchasing authority .
one of the recommendations is that the planning team should implement the review by analysing different ways of providing particular services — crisis intervention , for example — and making recommendations to the [buying] authority .

As part of a locality purchasing project in the east end of the city he is working with several practices to see how general practitioners can provide this sort of information .
as part of a locality [buying] project in the east end of the city he is working with several practices to see how general practitioners can provide this sort of information .

The locality purchasing project also raises questions about joint purchasing .
the locality [buying] project also raises questions about joint [buying] .

Nevertheless , most of the planners in Newcastle think that the issue of joint purchasing and a wider debate about dissolving the boundary between health markets and care markets is one that the community care arrangements will increasingly force upon them .
nevertheless , most of the planners in newcastle think that the issue of joint [buying] and a wider debate about dissolving the boundary between health markets and care markets is one that the community care arrangements will increasingly force upon them .

Gray pointed out the need to make adjustments for exchange rates by using appropriate purchasing power parities for medical goods and services ( Health Economists Study Group , Aberdeen , 1991 ) .
gray pointed out the need to make adjustments for exchange rates by using appropriate [buying] power parities for medical goods and services ( health economists study group , aberdeen , 1991 ) .

During this year purchasing will be confined to fundholding procedures , but it is planned to extend this to all secondary health care from 1 April next year .
during this year [buying] will be confined to fundholding procedures , but it is planned to extend this to all secondary health care from 1 april next year .

In addition obstetricians conduct audits of their services and health authorities attempt to make purchasing decisions using , among other things , data on perinatal mortality .
in addition obstetricians conduct audits of their services and health authorities attempt to make [buying] decisions using , among other things , data on perinatal mortality .

As districts merge and form larger purchasing organisations and the overall variability between health authorities is reduced due to averaging , so increasing amounts of the variation will be contained within authorities and therefore beyond the reach of resource allocation formulas despite the devolution reflected in locality planning .
as districts merge and form larger [buying] organisations and the overall variability between health authorities is reduced due to averaging , so increasing amounts of the variation will be contained within authorities and therefore beyond the reach of resource allocation formulas despite the devolution reflected in locality planning .

This is an important issue which needs addressing given that commissioning authorities are not particularly accountable to the public and that an increasing proportion of purchasing power has devolved to general practitioner fundholders , who are not necessarily geographically distributed in proportion to need .
this is an important issue which needs addressing given that commissioning authorities are not particularly accountable to the public and that an increasing proportion of [buying] power has devolved to general practitioner fundholders , who are not necessarily geographically distributed in proportion to need .

Public health physicians propose the technology of health needs assessment as the mechanism by which the purchasing process will be made to respond to the distribution of the population 's needs .
public health physicians propose the technology of health needs assessment as the mechanism by which the [buying] process will be made to respond to the distribution of the population 's needs .

In other words , we need to recognize that many apparently independent units of production are , without being legally owned subsidiaries , so dominated through subcontracting and purchasing arrangements , that they are effectively part of a single unit of capitalist production .
in other words , we need to recognize that many apparently independent units of production are , without being legally owned subsidiaries , so dominated through subcontracting and [buying] arrangements , that they are effectively part of a single unit of capitalist production .

If North Shields was to become a viable shopping centre and attract the kind of investment necessary for a scheme on the scale being envisaged in the 1960s and 1970s , then population and purchasing power had to be drawn into the town centre .
if north shields was to become a viable shopping centre and attract the kind of investment necessary for a scheme on the scale being envisaged in the 1960s and 1970s , then population and [buying] power had to be drawn into the town centre .

This reflects , primarily , the client 's objectives for the brand — what are the targets , in terms of sales , market share , consumer purchasing and usage ? But to these targets needs to be added an analysis of what must be achieved in order to obtain them , in terms of both the behaviour and attitude of consumers : and of more functional matters such as ( for example ) greatly improved distribution — to put it in what is , from the agency 's point of view , the most defensive way possible , it is too easy to blame the advertising when the sales force has failed to achieve the necessary levels of retail distribution to support the required sales .
this reflects , primarily , the client 's objectives for the brand — what are the targets , in terms of sales , market share , consumer [buying] and usage ? but to these targets needs to be added an analysis of what must be achieved in order to obtain them , in terms of both the behaviour and attitude of consumers : and of more functional matters such as ( for example ) greatly improved distribution — to put it in what is , from the agency 's point of view , the most defensive way possible , it is too easy to blame the advertising when the sales force has failed to achieve the necessary levels of retail distribution to support the required sales .

This usually involves , for a start , a very extensive survey which asks several thousand people about their attitudes to a variety of aspects of how they run their lives and about their purchasing habits .
this usually involves , for a start , a very extensive survey which asks several thousand people about their attitudes to a variety of aspects of how they run their lives and about their [buying] habits .

From this survey it is possible , by means of complex statistical analyses , to divide people up into groups whose attitudes and purchasing habits appear to be broadly similar .
from this survey it is possible , by means of complex statistical analyses , to divide people up into groups whose attitudes and [buying] habits appear to be broadly similar .

It would be much easier to begin to resolve this argument if we knew more about how advertising works , and if we could be much more sophisticated than we are about how to relate target audiences and purchasing patterns to advertising .
it would be much easier to begin to resolve this argument if we knew more about how advertising works , and if we could be much more sophisticated than we are about how to relate target audiences and [buying] patterns to advertising .

Fields had spent some months , and a modest amount of money , examining the feasibility of a new transatlantic airline ; he had approached several key figures who had been with Laker Airways and solicited their interest ; he had begun to make enquiries about purchasing an aircraft .
fields had spent some months , and a modest amount of money , examining the feasibility of a new transatlantic airline ; he had approached several key figures who had been with laker airways and solicited their interest ; he had begun to make enquiries about [buying] an aircraft .

The sample chosen should exhibit the characteristics and variations in attitude , behaviour , purchasing capability ( etc ) that are relevant to the line of enquiry being undertaken by the market research ( and to its marketing objective ) .
the sample chosen should exhibit the characteristics and variations in attitude , behaviour , [buying] capability ( etc ) that are relevant to the line of enquiry being undertaken by the market research ( and to its marketing objective ) .

For instance , a married couple may want a bigger and better house , so they are motivated into purchasing one .
for instance , a married couple may want a bigger and better house , so they are motivated into [buying] one .

purchasing patterns will therefore be `` conformist `` .
[buying] patterns will therefore be `` conformist `` .

Thirdly , the family constitutes a major determinant of consumer behaviour , whether in terms of its influence on the individual , direct family purchasing , or through the movement of individuals across the family life cycle .
thirdly , the family constitutes a major determinant of consumer behaviour , whether in terms of its influence on the individual , direct family [buying] , or through the movement of individuals across the family life cycle .

The families of a nation have an enormous collective purchasing power over a very wide range of products and services .
the families of a nation have an enormous collective [buying] power over a very wide range of products and services .

* whether the decision involves a modification to previous purchasing patterns , for instance when the usual product purchased has been re.formulated , an apparently attractive new brand introduced , or the purchaser 's usage context for the product has changed .
* whether the decision involves a modification to previous [buying] patterns , for instance when the usual product purchased has been re.formulated , an apparently attractive new brand introduced , or the purchaser 's usage context for the product has changed .

This discussion is then broadened into an analysis of contingency or situational factors which will have both a general and a specific impact on individual company purchasing .
this discussion is then broadened into an analysis of contingency or situational factors which will have both a general and a specific impact on individual company [buying] .

Chapters Ten to Thirteen dealt with consumer purchasing behaviour .
chapters ten to thirteen dealt with consumer [buying] behaviour .

Whatever the reason for the review , the purchasing function will be required to examine alternative sources of supply , or alternative products capable of meeting an existing or predictable need .
whatever the reason for the review , the [buying] function will be required to examine alternative sources of supply , or alternative products capable of meeting an existing or predictable need .

iii ) New task purchasing : which relates to new types of goods or services never purchased before .
iii ) new task [buying] : which relates to new types of goods or services never purchased before .

New task purchasing , with its inherent lack of previous experience of the product to be purchased , contains the greatest risk for the organisation .
new task [buying] , with its inherent lack of previous experience of the product to be purchased , contains the greatest risk for the organisation .

Purchase types Purchase decisions can be categorised into straight re-buy decisions ; modified re-buy decisions ; new task purchasing .
purchase types purchase decisions can be categorised into straight re-buy decisions ; modified re-buy decisions ; new task [buying] .

This is important because much organisational purchasing is influenced and determined by a number of individuals and roles , rather than by any one person .
this is important because much organisational [buying] is influenced and determined by a number of individuals and roles , rather than by any one person .

The chapter concludes with a brief examination of decision process and behavioural models of industrial purchasing .
the chapter concludes with a brief examination of decision process and behavioural models of industrial [buying] .

d ) The Decision Maker : where decisions take the form of modified re-buys or new task purchasing , it is most likely that senior functional , divisional or general management will take the actual decision to purchase , and choose the supplier , specification and product .
d ) the decision maker : where decisions take the form of modified re-buys or new task [buying] , it is most likely that senior functional , divisional or general management will take the actual decision to purchase , and choose the supplier , specification and product .

Similarly , there may be variations in people 's experience of purchasing and using the product or service in question .
similarly , there may be variations in people 's experience of [buying] and using the product or service in question .

vi ) Individual objectives and behavioural factors : the Sheth model focuses on such factors as : individual role and expectations ; individual background , training and motivation ; individual objectives in the purchasing process .
vi ) individual objectives and behavioural factors : the sheth model focuses on such factors as : individual role and expectations ; individual background , training and motivation ; individual objectives in the [buying] process .

4 ) How may the scope and structure of industrial goods markets affect the selling and buying activities and policies of supplier and purchasing companies ? Illustrate your answer by an example with which you are familiar .
4 ) how may the scope and structure of industrial goods markets affect the selling and buying activities and policies of supplier and [buying] companies ? illustrate your answer by an example with which you are familiar .

* a significant proportion of the market may comprise consumers who require non-standard products simply because they are not able or willing to conform to standardised purchasing patterns .
* a significant proportion of the market may comprise consumers who require non-standard products simply because they are not able or willing to conform to standardised [buying] patterns .

* Personality — which is believed to be significant in the `` trickle down `` process ( or diffusion ) of new products In particular , opinion leaders may be important in increasing the level of recognition and acceptance of a new product , or in situations where innovatory behaviour is required of the consumer ( for example in purchasing a completely new car model as soon as it is launched ) .
* personality — which is believed to be significant in the `` trickle down `` process ( or diffusion ) of new products in particular , opinion leaders may be important in increasing the level of recognition and acceptance of a new product , or in situations where innovatory behaviour is required of the consumer ( for example in [buying] a completely new car model as soon as it is launched ) .

They need to do this for a number of reasons , which include : * identifying the characteristics and attributes of customers and market segments ; * developing and positioning products and services which are appropriate to customer needs and purchasing patterns ; * maximising sales penetration potential through distribution and retail channels ; * focusing the most cost-effective promotional activity ( advertising , exhibitions , sponsorship etc ) as accurately as possible on target market segments .
they need to do this for a number of reasons , which include : * identifying the characteristics and attributes of customers and market segments ; * developing and positioning products and services which are appropriate to customer needs and [buying] patterns ; * maximising sales penetration potential through distribution and retail channels ; * focusing the most cost-effective promotional activity ( advertising , exhibitions , sponsorship etc ) as accurately as possible on target market segments .

Retail companies may want to know the answers to the following kinds of questions : * How far do its customers travel to a specific store or " branch ? * What is the direction from which they travel ? * In what type of area do they live ? * That are their lifestyles and purchasing habits ? * How much of a town or area remains untapped by a shop located in it ?
retail companies may want to know the answers to the following kinds of questions : * how far do its customers travel to a specific store or " branch ? * what is the direction from which they travel ? * in what type of area do they live ? * that are their lifestyles and [buying] habits ? * how much of a town or area remains untapped by a shop located in it ?

It may also involve some degree of persuasion that the customer should consider purchasing the product , or should actually make the purchase .
it may also involve some degree of persuasion that the customer should consider [buying] the product , or should actually make the purchase .

Procurement : the function of purchasing
procurement : the function of [buying]

For example , it would be possible to simulate the effects of differing volumes of sales on key factors in a corporate plan , such as production capacity , purchasing targets and manpower forecasts .
for example , it would be possible to simulate the effects of differing volumes of sales on key factors in a corporate plan , such as production capacity , [buying] targets and manpower forecasts .

( Marketing is ) … ‘ The management function which organizes and directs all those business activities involved in assessing and converting customer purchasing power into effective demand for a specific product or services and moving the product or service to the final consumer so as to achieve the profit target or other objectives of the company .
( marketing is ) … ‘ the management function which organizes and directs all those business activities involved in assessing and converting customer [buying] power into effective demand for a specific product or services and moving the product or service to the final consumer so as to achieve the profit target or other objectives of the company .

Much depends on the type of production , the relative standing of groups such as Quality Control , Purchasing and Maintenance , and the extent to which sophisticated computerised systems are in operation .
much depends on the type of production , the relative standing of groups such as quality control , [buying] and maintenance , and the extent to which sophisticated computerised systems are in operation .

Maintain stock and purchasing records .
maintain stock and [buying] records .

Plans for materials etc involve stock control and purchasing , which will be referred to later in the chapter .
plans for materials etc involve stock control and [buying] , which will be referred to later in the chapter .

The primary responsibility of the purchasing department is to secure sufficient and suitable raw materials , components , other goods , and services to ensure that the manufacturing process is fully supplied with all its materials , and to achieve this responsibility in a cost-effective manner .
the primary responsibility of the [buying] department is to secure sufficient and suitable raw materials , components , other goods , and services to ensure that the manufacturing process is fully supplied with all its materials , and to achieve this responsibility in a cost-effective manner .

To this end the purchasing department can usually be expected to be responsible for the following :
to this end the [buying] department can usually be expected to be responsible for the following :

Purchasing goods and services at prices which represent the best value to the business in the long-term ( ie not necessarily the lowest prices at a given time ) .
[buying] goods and services at prices which represent the best value to the business in the long-term ( ie not necessarily the lowest prices at a given time ) .

Purchasing ought not to be seen as mainly a question of routine paperwork .
[buying] ought not to be seen as mainly a question of routine paperwork .

Purchasing decisions are often very risky , and can involve an organization in carrying considerable costs .
[buying] decisions are often very risky , and can involve an organization in carrying considerable costs .

It has been estimated that a 5 % excess in purchasing costs can lead to a 25 % reduction in profits .
it has been estimated that a 5 % excess in [buying] costs can lead to a 25 % reduction in profits .

By contrast , a small saving in purchasing costs can be worth considerably more in terms of equivalent sales value .
by contrast , a small saving in [buying] costs can be worth considerably more in terms of equivalent sales value .

The Purchasing Manager in charge of a purchasing department exercises his responsibilities in close collaboration with other colleagues .
the [buying] manager in charge of a [buying] department exercises his responsibilities in close collaboration with other colleagues .

For example , most purchasing decisions can only be taken after due agreement with financial , production or marketing colleagues .
for example , most [buying] decisions can only be taken after due agreement with financial , production or marketing colleagues .

Where the Purchasing Manager 's particular expertise comes into its own is in the presentation and evaluation of purchasing alternatives , or in the assessment of whether to make or buy a particular product or component .
where the [buying] manager 's particular expertise comes into its own is in the presentation and evaluation of [buying] alternatives , or in the assessment of whether to make or buy a particular product or component .

It is in these discussions that the knowledge of materials , their quality , prices , availability etc enables the Purchasing Manager to contribute significantly to the ultimate decision to buy , or not to buy .
it is in these discussions that the knowledge of materials , their quality , prices , availability etc enables the [buying] manager to contribute significantly to the ultimate decision to buy , or not to buy .

Purchasing receives requisition from appropriate authority .
[buying] receives requisition from appropriate authority .

Purchasing approaches selected supplier to negotiate quantity , quality , price and delivery of goods .
[buying] approaches selected supplier to negotiate quantity , quality , price and delivery of goods .

If ( b ) proceeds satisfactorily , purchasing places an order with the supplier .
if ( b ) proceeds satisfactorily , [buying] places an order with the supplier .

Purchasing maintains records of orders made , orders fulfilled , delivery dates , invoices etc .
[buying] maintains records of orders made , orders fulfilled , delivery dates , invoices etc .

Purchasing arranges for originating requisition to be met , either directly from supplier or via stores , and amends stock/delivery records as appropriate .
[buying] arranges for originating requisition to be met , either directly from supplier or via stores , and amends stock/delivery records as appropriate .

These could be described as the key elements of the ‘ purchasing mix ’ .
these could be described as the key elements of the ‘ [buying] mix ’ .

In seeking decisions about quality , the purchasing department have to work closely with both production and marketing staff to arrive at a suitable compromise .
in seeking decisions about quality , the [buying] department have to work closely with both production and marketing staff to arrive at a suitable compromise .

Purchasing should ideally aim for a price which gives the best value to the organization , taking quality , delivery and relative urgency into account .
[buying] should ideally aim for a price which gives the best value to the organization , taking quality , delivery and relative urgency into account .

One of the factors which needs to be considered by the purchasing department in the appraisal and selection of suppliers is the reliability of deliveries .
one of the factors which needs to be considered by the [buying] department in the appraisal and selection of suppliers is the reliability of deliveries .

In addition to the purchasing and stock control aspects of production planning and control , there is the question of the control of quality .
in addition to the [buying] and stock control aspects of production planning and control , there is the question of the control of quality .

Purchasing plays an important role in production activities .
[buying] plays an important role in production activities .

This entails appraising and selecting appropriate suppliers , being well informed about the purchasing market , purchasing goods at optimum prices in terms of value , and maintaining adequate stock/inventory supplies .
this entails appraising and selecting appropriate suppliers , being well informed about the [buying] market , [buying] goods at optimum prices in terms of value , and maintaining adequate stock/inventory supplies .

Purchasing involves important decisions about quality , price , quantity and delivery — the key elements of what can be called the ‘ purchasing mix ’ .
[buying] involves important decisions about quality , price , quantity and delivery — the key elements of what can be called the ‘ [buying] mix ’ .

Hand-outs to the poor will merely reduce the pressure for such change and are particularly pernicious if they are given by the rich , who are in effect purchasing their own privilege at a small price .
hand-outs to the poor will merely reduce the pressure for such change and are particularly pernicious if they are given by the rich , who are in effect [buying] their own privilege at a small price .

Under the changes introduced by the 1990 Health Service and Community Care Act , implemented from April 1991 , the District Health Authorities have become ‘ purchasing authorities ’ .
under the changes introduced by the 1990 health service and community care act , implemented from april 1991 , the district health authorities have become ‘ [buying] authorities ’ .

They should become purchasing bodies , buying services from whatever hospital or unit could give the best deal .
they should become [buying] bodies , buying services from whatever hospital or unit could give the best deal .

of Soviet crude oil during the remainder of 1960 , in order to comply with the government 's new purchasing arrangements .
of soviet crude oil during the remainder of 1960 , in order to comply with the government 's new [buying] arrangements .

Government purchasing power should also ensure that all ingredients are better quality , healthier and fresher .
government [buying] power should also ensure that all ingredients are better quality , healthier and fresher .

Local authorities are thus seen as ‘ enablers ’ — designing , organising and purchasing non-health care services rather than providing them directly . In greater detail , local authority social services departments would be responsible for :
local authorities are thus seen as ‘ enablers ’ — designing , organising and [buying] non-health care services rather than providing them directly . in greater detail , local authority social services departments would be responsible for :

One example of this is the discounts offered to tenants purchasing local authority houses : these were altered in 1984 when sales showed signs of flagging and they were increased on flats in 1986 because few buyers could be found for flats .
one example of this is the discounts offered to tenants [buying] local authority houses : these were altered in 1984 when sales showed signs of flagging and they were increased on flats in 1986 because few buyers could be found for flats .

One of the hardest and most expensive purchasing decisions we ever have to make is about buying a new home .
one of the hardest and most expensive [buying] decisions we ever have to make is about buying a new home .

At the economic level , prices of strategic raw materials soared and led to a rise in cash earnings : in Africa and Asia , large numbers of people acquired a certain purchasing power and savings .
at the economic level , prices of strategic raw materials soared and led to a rise in cash earnings : in africa and asia , large numbers of people acquired a certain [buying] power and savings .

Figure 2.2 Relative gross domestic product at ‘ purchasing power Parities ’ , 1960–85 ( average of six countries = 100 ) .
figure 2.2 relative gross domestic product at ‘ [buying] power parities ’ , 1960–85 ( average of six countries = 100 ) .

By the mid 1980s , therefore the poor were significantly worse off , relative to the rest of the population , than ten years earlier , although in absolute terms their purchasing power improved .
by the mid 1980s , therefore the poor were significantly worse off , relative to the rest of the population , than ten years earlier , although in absolute terms their [buying] power improved .

While this argument holds true in an ideal world users are often subject to other considerations such as previously installed hardware , purchasing restrictions and a million and one other trivia of which that perennial bugbear ‘ compatibility ’ is possibly the most emotive .
while this argument holds true in an ideal world users are often subject to other considerations such as previously installed hardware , [buying] restrictions and a million and one other trivia of which that perennial bugbear ‘ compatibility ’ is possibly the most emotive .

if a supplier is late with a delivery , there should be procedures in the purchasing department for chasing up the delivery .
if a supplier is late with a delivery , there should be procedures in the [buying] department for chasing up the delivery .

Sub-departments of the production function might be manufacturing ( machining , finishing , assembly etc ) , production control , quality control , servicing and purchasing .
sub-departments of the production function might be manufacturing ( machining , finishing , assembly etc ) , production control , quality control , servicing and [buying] .

He invested his business gains in building up an estate , purchasing as a country seat the former Carmelite priory of Aylesford .
he invested his business gains in building up an estate , [buying] as a country seat the former carmelite priory of aylesford .

In 1809 she stopped a bull-baiting in Derbyshire by purchasing the bull ; with her friend Susannah Watts [ q.v . ]
in 1809 she stopped a bull-baiting in derbyshire by [buying] the bull ; with her friend susannah watts [ q.v . ]

After purchasing new stock in Paris he re-established his business in 1751 in the Strand , at the centre of the London map trade .
after [buying] new stock in paris he re-established his business in 1751 in the strand , at the centre of the london map trade .

He affected a lavish lifestyle , purchasing Papworth Hall in Cambridgeshire for £70,000 in 1895 , and later adding several adjacent estates costing £210,000 .
he affected a lavish lifestyle , [buying] papworth hall in cambridgeshire for £70,000 in 1895 , and later adding several adjacent estates costing £210,000 .

Most pool owners who wish to breed a few fish start by purchasing one or two matched pairs and , while this can be recommended , it does not follow that the pair purchased will breed with one another if there are other sizeable fish in the pool .
most pool owners who wish to breed a few fish start by [buying] one or two matched pairs and , while this can be recommended , it does not follow that the pair purchased will breed with one another if there are other sizeable fish in the pool .

In the following example , assume that an organization has a series of purchasing transactions each of which begins with an order and ends with payment of cash .
in the following example , assume that an organization has a series of [buying] transactions each of which begins with an order and ends with payment of cash .

He came to work for my company in Avignon as an assistant in the overseas purchasing department .
he came to work for my company in avignon as an assistant in the overseas [buying] department .

Not a single foreigner who attended the opening ceremonies , not one of the travellers from France , England , Italy , and Russia , who have journeyed over the half-finished line , went away without purchasing some silks , embroideries , metal-work , arms , or knives .
not a single foreigner who attended the opening ceremonies , not one of the travellers from france , england , italy , and russia , who have journeyed over the half-finished line , went away without [buying] some silks , embroideries , metal-work , arms , or knives .

In the community care reforms the purchaser/provider split is understood as both a macro-budgetary strategy in which both health and social service are divided into purchasing and providing organizations , so that the latter can be more open to competition in the health and welfare ‘ market ’ , and a micro-budgetary mechanism for decentralizing resources into the hands of front-line workers and managers in order to more effectively target these resources on those identified as most in need by the care management assessment .
in the community care reforms the purchaser/provider split is understood as both a macro-budgetary strategy in which both health and social service are divided into [buying] and providing organizations , so that the latter can be more open to competition in the health and welfare ‘ market ’ , and a micro-budgetary mechanism for decentralizing resources into the hands of front-line workers and managers in order to more effectively target these resources on those identified as most in need by the care management assessment .

Finally , some key workers were apprehensive because they saw care programming as one step towards making them responsible for purchasing care , like budget-holding care managers in some social services authorities .
finally , some key workers were apprehensive because they saw care programming as one step towards making them responsible for [buying] care , like budget-holding care managers in some social services authorities .

Although our findings ( see Table 2 ) indicate that nearly two thirds of local authorities were aware of the care programme approach at the time of writing their 1992/93 community care plan , there is great variation in their interpretation of care programming and its implications for their role in the purchasing and provision of mental health services .
although our findings ( see table 2 ) indicate that nearly two thirds of local authorities were aware of the care programme approach at the time of writing their 1992/93 community care plan , there is great variation in their interpretation of care programming and its implications for their role in the [buying] and provision of mental health services .

The new grands magasins , for example , sent agents into the quartiers for purposes of purchasing craft and other goods .
the new grands magasins , for example , sent agents into the quartiers for purposes of [buying] craft and other goods .

Elena Moriatou ( Catering Manager , Gardner Merchant ) , Denise Cooper ( Systems Development ) , Harry Goolab ( Purchasing and Facilities ) , Derek Laing ( Bar/Vending Operator , Gardner Merchant ) , Jackie Brizzell ( International , London Operations ) and Pauline Biddlecombe ( Purchasing and Facilities ) .
elena moriatou ( catering manager , gardner merchant ) , denise cooper ( systems development ) , harry goolab ( [buying] and facilities ) , derek laing ( bar/vending operator , gardner merchant ) , jackie brizzell ( international , london operations ) and pauline biddlecombe ( [buying] and facilities ) .

Hugh went to their mill in the small town of Leslie to discuss the matter further with Smith Anderson 's Purchasing Manager , Gavin Anderson .
hugh went to their mill in the small town of leslie to discuss the matter further with smith anderson 's [buying] manager , gavin anderson .

Hugh 's plan involved purchasing a heavy duty shredder , a baling press , a fork lift truck and a purpose built Ford lorry — total outlay £61,500 .
hugh 's plan involved [buying] a heavy duty shredder , a baling press , a fork lift truck and a purpose built ford lorry — total outlay £61,500 .

Purchasing and charging arrangements for residential and nursing home care
[buying] and charging arrangements for residential and nursing home care

Purchasing process including budget management .
[buying] process including budget management .

Systems for financial assessment and purchasing .
systems for financial assessment and [buying] .

The development of purchasing and commissioning roles will be an on-going task for social work departments .
the development of [buying] and commissioning roles will be an on-going task for social work departments .

It 's important to be clear that for the moment we are talking about the purchase of places in the private and voluntary sectors : in-house purchasing is not with us yet .
it 's important to be clear that for the moment we are talking about the purchase of places in the private and voluntary sectors : in-house [buying] is not with us yet .

Reviewing how the new purchasing process in functioning , and gathering information on need and demand , will also be important .
reviewing how the new [buying] process in functioning , and gathering information on need and demand , will also be important .

Research staff are busy analysing the survey of private and voluntary residential/nursing home providers — this will help to inform the pricing structure for purchasing care .
research staff are busy analysing the survey of private and voluntary residential/nursing home providers — this will help to inform the pricing structure for [buying] care .

The dynamic of any pricing systems or ceilings in adjusting or creating the range of care services needed to meet assessed need , together with the importance of client need and social work values being reflected in purchasing strategy .
the dynamic of any pricing systems or ceilings in adjusting or creating the range of care services needed to meet assessed need , together with the importance of client need and social work values being reflected in [buying] strategy .

Any anxiety state and/or depression suffered by the insured and diagnosed at the time of purchasing this insurance .
any anxiety state and/or depression suffered by the insured and diagnosed at the time of [buying] this insurance .

Strike or industrial action existing or notified by declaration of intent at or prior to the date of purchasing insurance .
strike or industrial action existing or notified by declaration of intent at or prior to the date of [buying] insurance .

An appeal has been launched for government officials to improve their understanding of the importance of preserving nature , and to enforce local restrictions on the poaching , purchasing and smuggling of wildlife .
an appeal has been launched for government officials to improve their understanding of the importance of preserving nature , and to enforce local restrictions on the poaching , [buying] and smuggling of wildlife .

Effective purchasing is important to ensure that quality materials and equipment are sourced at the best prices and made available when required .
effective [buying] is important to ensure that quality materials and equipment are sourced at the best prices and made available when required .

Car drivers are banned from using their cars in the capital one day each week — although many have circumvented the ban by purchasing a second car .
car drivers are banned from using their cars in the capital one day each week — although many have circumvented the ban by [buying] a second car .

Sales and purchasing directors and managers will probably have authority to make commercial contracts in most cases , whilst warehouse and delivery staff will generally not have authority to agree contracts or vary terms , but no hard and fast rule can be laid down .
sales and [buying] directors and managers will probably have authority to make commercial contracts in most cases , whilst warehouse and delivery staff will generally not have authority to agree contracts or vary terms , but no hard and fast rule can be laid down .

No addition to or variation of these terms is binding on the Buyer unless agreed in writing signed on the Buyer 's behalf by its Purchasing Director .
no addition to or variation of these terms is binding on the buyer unless agreed in writing signed on the buyer 's behalf by its [buying] director .

The effect of this provision is to deprive all employees other than the purchasing director of apparent authority to agree to variation of the terms .
the effect of this provision is to deprive all employees other than the [buying] director of apparent authority to agree to variation of the terms .

Generally , this is adequate for most buyers , particularly those purchasing a modern property .
generally , this is adequate for most buyers , particularly those [buying] a modern property .

The first is that of a broker/dealer purchasing securities for a client from a market-maker within the same firm , thus potentially infringing both the `` no profit `` and `` no conflict `` rules .
the first is that of a broker/dealer [buying] securities for a client from a market-maker within the same firm , thus potentially infringing both the `` no profit `` and `` no conflict `` rules .

Operate a central purchasing service for books through a librarian or a member of your support staff .
operate a central [buying] service for books through a librarian or a member of your support staff .

Opt for central purchasing of forms that are not on the word processor .
opt for central [buying] of forms that are not on the word processor .

Gazing from the window of the taxi , she watched the small groups of tourists , many of them from the ship , strolling in and out of shops eagerly purchasing souvenirs .
gazing from the window of the taxi , she watched the small groups of tourists , many of them from the ship , strolling in and out of shops eagerly [buying] souvenirs .

If , however , the court order specifies that the lump sum is to be used for the purpose of purchasing a home for the assisted person or her dependants enforcement of the charge can be postponed ( Civil Legal Aid ( General ) Regulations 1989 , reg 96 ) .
if , however , the court order specifies that the lump sum is to be used for the purpose of [buying] a home for the assisted person or her dependants enforcement of the charge can be postponed ( civil legal aid ( general ) regulations 1989 , reg 96 ) .

If the wife and new husband are purchasing the husband 's share or interest in the property for full value , then usual sale and purchase considerations apply .
if the wife and new husband are [buying] the husband 's share or interest in the property for full value , then usual sale and purchase considerations apply .

If the husband is purchasing a house for himself with the proceeds of sale of his interest in the matrimonial home , then , as he will have to commit himself to a contract in respect of his purchase , it is suggested that there should be a contract relating to the sale of his interest in the matrimonial home so that he is fully safeguarded .
if the husband is [buying] a house for himself with the proceeds of sale of his interest in the matrimonial home , then , as he will have to commit himself to a contract in respect of his purchase , it is suggested that there should be a contract relating to the sale of his interest in the matrimonial home so that he is fully safeguarded .

In this latter event , unless he is to receive a reasonable rate of interest on the monies outstanding , the monies received on repayment of the charge could be worth very little in purchasing power by the time they are received .
in this latter event , unless he is to receive a reasonable rate of interest on the monies outstanding , the monies received on repayment of the charge could be worth very little in [buying] power by the time they are received .

These powers could be used for purchasing land scheduled for development in a development plan , or for land permitted for development .
these powers could be used for [buying] land scheduled for development in a development plan , or for land permitted for development .

For England and Scotland , it was decided that the agency for purchasing development land should be local government ( thus avoiding the inter-agency conflict situation which arose between local authorities and the Land Commission ) .
for england and scotland , it was decided that the agency for [buying] development land should be local government ( thus avoiding the inter-agency conflict situation which arose between local authorities and the land commission ) .

In recent years the discount houses have not only borrowed from banks , but also lent to them by purchasing certificates of deposit .
in recent years the discount houses have not only borrowed from banks , but also lent to them by [buying] certificates of deposit .

The process of purchasing bills by the Bank of England is known as rediscounting .
the process of [buying] bills by the bank of england is known as rediscounting .

They lend money to the government , firms and local authorities by discounting bills of exchange and to banks by purchasing certificates of deposit .
they lend money to the government , firms and local authorities by discounting bills of exchange and to banks by [buying] certificates of deposit .

The demand for money refers to the desire to hold money : to keep your wealth in the form of money , rather than spending it on goods and services or saving it by purchasing financial assets such as bonds or shares .
the demand for money refers to the desire to hold money : to keep your wealth in the form of money , rather than spending it on goods and services or saving it by [buying] financial assets such as bonds or shares .

She had worked hard to achieve qualification in the contracts and purchasing side of engineering , but , in her present job , she was using less than a quarter of her skills .
she had worked hard to achieve qualification in the contracts and [buying] side of engineering , but , in her present job , she was using less than a quarter of her skills .

At work , given that , despite her de glamorisation , she had had cause to cold-shoulder one Lothario from Purchasing and another from Sales who had been fresh beyond what she thought acceptable , she was quite contented with her lot .
at work , given that , despite her de glamorisation , she had had cause to cold-shoulder one lothario from [buying] and another from sales who had been fresh beyond what she thought acceptable , she was quite contented with her lot .

This defeats the purpose of doing business on standard conditions ( speed and efficiency in dealing with a large number of transactions ) , and the purchasing departments of both the buyer and the seller will probably be unable to cope with the work load imposed if there are many such special negotiations .
this defeats the purpose of doing business on standard conditions ( speed and efficiency in dealing with a large number of transactions ) , and the [buying] departments of both the buyer and the seller will probably be unable to cope with the work load imposed if there are many such special negotiations .

Such notes are usually signed by the buyer 's warehouse staff , who are not necessarily part of the buyer 's purchasing department , and may have no idea of what the requirement under the contract is in relation to the goods .
such notes are usually signed by the buyer 's warehouse staff , who are not necessarily part of the buyer 's [buying] department , and may have no idea of what the requirement under the contract is in relation to the goods .

Purchasing Target for a nominal sum
[buying] target for a nominal sum

The losses are effectively `` ring-fenced `` so they can not be used to offset gains arising on the disposal of the purchasing group 's assets .
the losses are effectively `` ring-fenced `` so they can not be used to offset gains arising on the disposal of the [buying] group 's assets .

Elm Energy , which is operating the plant on a contract from the Non-Fossil Purchasing Agency , says the power station will be the cleanest in the country ; £48 million has been spent on equipment to ensure that emissions are well below maximum levels set by the World Health Organisation .
elm energy , which is operating the plant on a contract from the non-fossil [buying] agency , says the power station will be the cleanest in the country ; £48 million has been spent on equipment to ensure that emissions are well below maximum levels set by the world health organisation .

Asked to list the most important qualities to be considered in purchasing a new car , respondents placed fuel economy fourth on the list ( after reliability , all round vision , and accident avoidance ) , and air pollution control sixth .
asked to list the most important qualities to be considered in [buying] a new car , respondents placed fuel economy fourth on the list ( after reliability , all round vision , and accident avoidance ) , and air pollution control sixth .

For most people , getting on in life , winning promotion , saving a bit , going on a better holiday , buying a car , purchasing a home , giving the children a better start — all these are natural aims .
for most people , getting on in life , winning promotion , saving a bit , going on a better holiday , buying a car , [buying] a home , giving the children a better start — all these are natural aims .

These nations also recognize that their public sector purchasing would not be enough to maintain a full array of aerospace , telephone switch and computer industries .
these nations also recognize that their public sector [buying] would not be enough to maintain a full array of aerospace , telephone switch and computer industries .

The result is an accumulation of beliefs , from purchasing people who believe they have the best sourcing to manufacturing people who believe they have the most cost-effective production ; from personnel people who believe they hire the best sales people to sales people who believe they sell the best products .
the result is an accumulation of beliefs , from [buying] people who believe they have the best sourcing to manufacturing people who believe they have the most cost-effective production ; from personnel people who believe they hire the best sales people to sales people who believe they sell the best products .

Why is it that the simple act of purchasing something can often be hell ?
why is it that the simple act of [buying] something can often be hell ?

The Profitboss , in developing his contacts , never forgets that the friendly Steven Cook he met at the conference last month might just be the head of purchasing for a major customer in two years ' time .
the profitboss , in developing his contacts , never forgets that the friendly steven cook he met at the conference last month might just be the head of [buying] for a major customer in two years ' time .

How far has the idea of the University purchasing the former Warburg Library building in Heilwigstraße on the River Alster progressed ?
how far has the idea of the university [buying] the former warburg library building in heilwigstraße on the river alster progressed ?

Visitors to the library are encouraged to give to the donations box at the entrance to allow the book purchasing policy to be kept up .
visitors to the library are encouraged to give to the donations box at the entrance to allow the book [buying] policy to be kept up .

Since becoming head of the Kimbell in 1980 , he single-handedly built the sleepy Fort Worth museum into one of the most select collections in the country , purchasing a stellar array of old masters , including masterpieces by Caravaggio , Pietro da Cortona , Domenichino , Poussin and Georges de la Tour that would have significantly complemented or filled gaps at the National Gallery .
since becoming head of the kimbell in 1980 , he single-handedly built the sleepy fort worth museum into one of the most select collections in the country , [buying] a stellar array of old masters , including masterpieces by caravaggio , pietro da cortona , domenichino , poussin and georges de la tour that would have significantly complemented or filled gaps at the national gallery .

It has forged an adventurous contemporary acquisitions policy which it intends to build on , purchasing works early in an artist 's career before prices fall outside the scope of the gallery 's low acquisitions budget which remains frozen despite the Council 's largesse .
it has forged an adventurous contemporary acquisitions policy which it intends to build on , [buying] works early in an artist 's career before prices fall outside the scope of the gallery 's low acquisitions budget which remains frozen despite the council 's largesse .

When the Beaubourg was set up , the only French institutions seriously exhibiting and purchasing contemporary art were at Saint-Etienne , Grenoble and Marseilles .
when the beaubourg was set up , the only french institutions seriously exhibiting and [buying] contemporary art were at saint-etienne , grenoble and marseilles .

Museum purchasing shifted away from the earlier insistence by private collectors on masterpieces , towards the art-historical importance of the paintings , and selection tended to veer towards works which ‘ they were unlikely to receive by gift ’ from private donors .
museum [buying] shifted away from the earlier insistence by private collectors on masterpieces , towards the art-historical importance of the paintings , and selection tended to veer towards works which ‘ they were unlikely to receive by gift ’ from private donors .

Gallery correspondence was addressed to the museum care of its ‘ purchasing agent ’ , Hildenbrand .
gallery correspondence was addressed to the museum care of its ‘ [buying] agent ’ , hildenbrand .

The Leger Gallery was founded in 1892 by Joseph Leger , whose activities were ‘ modest as a dealer in the period up to the end of the Great War and typical of an age in which there were few private clients and virtually no museum purchases ’ astonishing in view of the purchasing possibilities at the time .
the leger gallery was founded in 1892 by joseph leger , whose activities were ‘ modest as a dealer in the period up to the end of the great war and typical of an age in which there were few private clients and virtually no museum purchases ’ astonishing in view of the [buying] possibilities at the time .

Yet agricultural markets are extensively distorted by governmental agencies setting quotas , purchasing at agreed prices , subsidizing certain categories of production and so on .
yet agricultural markets are extensively distorted by governmental agencies setting quotas , [buying] at agreed prices , subsidizing certain categories of production and so on .

Even making the most lavish allowance for the greater purchasing power of money in the sixteenth century , one can not consider these sums very generous for officials of such standing .
even making the most lavish allowance for the greater [buying] power of money in the sixteenth century , one can not consider these sums very generous for officials of such standing .

The near universality of agricultural cooperatives for purchasing , marketing and savings activities made for more efficient organization and greater security for farmers .
the near universality of agricultural cooperatives for [buying] , marketing and savings activities made for more efficient organization and greater security for farmers .

‘ Cease purchasing typewriters and in future buy word processors so that most corrections can be done on the screen . ’
‘ cease [buying] typewriters and in future buy word processors so that most corrections can be done on the screen . ’

Each company/unit will have its own manufacturing , accounting , sales and purchasing functions .
each company/unit will have its own manufacturing , accounting , sales and [buying] functions .

Functions such as production , sales , accounting and purchasing are all concerned with the making and selling of a product .
functions such as production , sales , accounting and [buying] are all concerned with the making and selling of a product .

When buying ‘ floating cloche ’ it is important not to get ‘ fleeced ’ by purchasing inferior weaker materials that can actually be more expensive by the square metre than the superior brands .
when buying ‘ floating cloche ’ it is important not to get ‘ fleeced ’ by [buying] inferior weaker materials that can actually be more expensive by the square metre than the superior brands .

One has seen within the vast population of India the emergence of a substantial middle class with purchasing power equal to any European nation .
one has seen within the vast population of india the emergence of a substantial middle class with [buying] power equal to any european nation .

The managed competition approach — creating health in-surance purchasing corporations which help small businesses and individuals choose between competing health plans based on cost and quality — is an untested theory .
the managed competition approach — creating health in-surance [buying] corporations which help small businesses and individuals choose between competing health plans based on cost and quality — is an untested theory .

Public health medicine and purchasing health care
public health medicine and [buying] health care

Thus Whitty and Jones argued recently that public health medicine embraces the purchasing role at its peril .
thus whitty and jones argued recently that public health medicine embraces the [buying] role at its peril .

If the goals of public health medicine are health promotion and the prevention of ill health , warn Whitty and Jones , then the specialty is in danger of veering off course in pursuit of the purchasing function , which ‘ is likely to be ineffective in improving the population 's health and may even be in direct conflict with this role .
if the goals of public health medicine are health promotion and the prevention of ill health , warn whitty and jones , then the specialty is in danger of veering off course in pursuit of the [buying] function , which ‘ is likely to be ineffective in improving the population 's health and may even be in direct conflict with this role .

In this light the interest of public health doctors in the purchasing function is clear .
in this light the interest of public health doctors in the [buying] function is clear .

purchasing function as lever for change
[buying] function as lever for change

Whitty and Jones 's gloomy predictions about the future of public health medicine in an era of purchasing are premature .
whitty and jones 's gloomy predictions about the future of public health medicine in an era of [buying] are premature .

Potentially , the purchasing function provides a powerful lever for change .
potentially , the [buying] function provides a powerful lever for change .

If applied with wisdom and science the purchasing of health care could speed the evolution of those effective and equitable services that improve health .
if applied with wisdom and science the [buying] of health care could speed the evolution of those effective and equitable services that improve health .

Purchasing will also clarify the necessity of and priorities for health services research .
[buying] will also clarify the necessity of and priorities for health services research .

Two dangers of the purchaser-provider split are that collaboration among health care professionals may be undermined and the provider aspects of the public health role may become removed from the purchasing role .
two dangers of the purchaser-provider split are that collaboration among health care professionals may be undermined and the provider aspects of the public health role may become removed from the [buying] role .

Doctors trained in epidemiology , statistics , and the social and management sciences are needed to help manage the implementation of purchasing policy .
doctors trained in epidemiology , statistics , and the social and management sciences are needed to help manage the implementation of [buying] policy .

The challenge is to influence purchasing policy to achieve better public health .
the challenge is to influence [buying] policy to achieve better public health .

The thesis underlying our editorial is that if purchasing authorities are to base their activities on meeting epidemiologically defined need they should use epidemiological principles .
the thesis underlying our editorial is that if [buying] authorities are to base their activities on meeting epidemiologically defined need they should use epidemiological principles .

The cost of the service was estimated based on screening 1800 patients a year and includes the salary of an ophthalmic photographer , purchasing and processing film , and the servicing and running costs of the van and camera .
the cost of the service was estimated based on screening 1800 patients a year and includes the salary of an ophthalmic photographer , [buying] and processing film , and the servicing and running costs of the van and camera .

At present it seems that they will wish to lead their own purchasing of intelligence and perform research analysis ; they should develop sufficient statistical and epidemiological skills to conduct surveys and evaluate small projects on service developments and contractual monitoring , and have the expertise to commission larger pieces of work .
at present it seems that they will wish to lead their own [buying] of intelligence and perform research analysis ; they should develop sufficient statistical and epidemiological skills to conduct surveys and evaluate small projects on service developments and contractual monitoring , and have the expertise to commission larger pieces of work .

Difficult decisions will need to be made to ensure that commissioned research is sufficiently responsive to the needs of purchasing authorities but at the same time of sufficient scientific rigour to attract good quality academic researchers .
difficult decisions will need to be made to ensure that commissioned research is sufficiently responsive to the needs of [buying] authorities but at the same time of sufficient scientific rigour to attract good quality academic researchers .

They discussed purchasing the rights to the treasure with the insurance companies , but no contracts were signed .
they discussed [buying] the rights to the treasure with the insurance companies , but no contracts were signed .

As this happens equity is sacrificed as purchasing power rather than clinically diagnosed need determines which patients should be treated .
as this happens equity is sacrificed as [buying] power rather than clinically diagnosed need determines which patients should be treated .

In addition , young people 's purchasing patterns can be influenced by the advertising and tobacco sponsorship of sports .
in addition , young people 's [buying] patterns can be influenced by the advertising and tobacco sponsorship of sports .

Meanwhile , purchasing authorities themselves have changed , particularly where previous districts have merged .
meanwhile , [buying] authorities themselves have changed , particularly where previous districts have merged .

Family health services authorities have spent considerable effort defining not only a role in purchasing primary care but also working in tandem with district health authorities to begin discussions about extending purchasing across the interface between primary and secondary care .
family health services authorities have spent considerable effort defining not only a role in [buying] primary care but also working in tandem with district health authorities to begin discussions about extending [buying] across the interface between primary and secondary care .

Increasingly during this time almost all purchasing authorities have struggled with how to educate general practitioners and so empower them to use their influence constructively in the purchasing process .
increasingly during this time almost all [buying] authorities have struggled with how to educate general practitioners and so empower them to use their influence constructively in the [buying] process .

The first stage is eliciting a general practitioner 's interest and commitment to being involved in purchasing .
the first stage is eliciting a general practitioner 's interest and commitment to being involved in [buying] .

It may seem obvious to suggest that the level of understanding about purchasing among general practitioners and primary health care teams is extremely varied , but primary care has a long history of suffering from being physically distanced from other parts of the service and the discussions taking place there .
it may seem obvious to suggest that the level of understanding about [buying] among general practitioners and primary health care teams is extremely varied , but primary care has a long history of suffering from being physically distanced from other parts of the service and the discussions taking place there .

Practitioners who initially took a stance against involvement in purchasing because of their concerns over fundholding leading to a two tier system need to be persuaded that they are still needed in influencing purchasing decisions overall .
practitioners who initially took a stance against involvement in [buying] because of their concerns over fundholding leading to a two tier system need to be persuaded that they are still needed in influencing [buying] decisions overall .

Secondly , priority needs to be given to establishing structures that will enable all general practitioners to be involved in influencing the views of the purchasing authorities , including those who have hitherto expressed little or no interest and those who already have a clear interest in participating .
secondly , priority needs to be given to establishing structures that will enable all general practitioners to be involved in influencing the views of the [buying] authorities , including those who have hitherto expressed little or no interest and those who already have a clear interest in participating .

However , this may not be the most appropriate frame of reference for general practitioners for whom purchasing primary and community care may be much more relevant on a day to day basis .
however , this may not be the most appropriate frame of reference for general practitioners for whom [buying] primary and community care may be much more relevant on a day to day basis .

In south east London , for example , the status of general practitioners as effective contributors to the debate about services has grown and led to the recognition of an umbrella group set up to represent their views in purchasing .
in south east london , for example , the status of general practitioners as effective contributors to the debate about services has grown and led to the recognition of an umbrella group set up to represent their views in [buying] .

The purchasing authority have made considerable efforts to collect general practitioners ' views towards services .
the [buying] authority have made considerable efforts to collect general practitioners ' views towards services .

What seems to exist is a continuum of purchasing involvement .
what seems to exist is a continuum of [buying] involvement .

At the other end of the scale are what can be called ‘ sensitised district health authorities ’ such as Tower Hamlets or South East London Commissioning Agency , where the district health authority retains all the strength of combined purchasing power but seeks to maximise general practitioners ' participation in decisions about what is commissioned .
at the other end of the scale are what can be called ‘ sensitised district health authorities ’ such as tower hamlets or south east london commissioning agency , where the district health authority retains all the strength of combined [buying] power but seeks to maximise general practitioners ' participation in decisions about what is commissioned .

Stockport District Health Authority has developed a locality model of purchasing with extended outposts in localities .
stockport district health authority has developed a locality model of [buying] with extended outposts in localities .

North Derbyshire District Health Authority has established ‘ locally sensitive purchasing .
north derbyshire district health authority has established ‘ locally sensitive [buying] .

Closer still to delegated purchasing to practices is ‘ practice sensitive purchasing , ’ which is developing in Bath .
closer still to delegated [buying] to practices is ‘ practice sensitive [buying] , ’ which is developing in bath .

This seeks to divide the district health authority budget notionally between practices , thereby delegating purchasing authority to each practice .
this seeks to divide the district health authority budget notionally between practices , thereby delegating [buying] authority to each practice .

Further , there are underlying themes that are relevant to the subsequent discussion of possible models for general practitioners ' involvement in purchasing .
further , there are underlying themes that are relevant to the subsequent discussion of possible models for general practitioners ' involvement in [buying] .

While supporting the practitioners ' role as proxy for the patient in purchasing , there is a need to recognise the limitations of this , and wherever possible we should be seeking the opinion of the public .
while supporting the practitioners ' role as proxy for the patient in [buying] , there is a need to recognise the limitations of this , and wherever possible we should be seeking the opinion of the public .

FHSAs have defined their role in purchasing primary care
fhsas have defined their role in [buying] primary care

All of the purchasing authorities recognise the need to educate general practitioners on how to use their influence in the purchasing process
all of the [buying] authorities recognise the need to educate general practitioners on how to use their influence in the [buying] process

General practitioners should be involved in the purchasing process as they purchase the bulk of health care ; are the first point of contact for the users of the health service ; need to have input on what is purchased ; and need to be able to manage the changes resulting from the shift in the balance of power towards primary care
general practitioners should be involved in the [buying] process as they purchase the bulk of health care ; are the first point of contact for the users of the health service ; need to have input on what is purchased ; and need to be able to manage the changes resulting from the shift in the balance of power towards primary care

The tobacco industry was purchasing powerful political constituencies by sponsorship : not only individuals but also sporting and cultural organisations were dependent on tobacco .
the tobacco industry was [buying] powerful political constituencies by sponsorship : not only individuals but also sporting and cultural organisations were dependent on tobacco .

Purchasing patents would make significant savings on initial research costs and adapting or improving known techniques would increase the speed of development .
[buying] patents would make significant savings on initial research costs and adapting or improving known techniques would increase the speed of development .

The goods became obtainable , but not purchasable , because of the lack of purchasing power among the population .
the goods became obtainable , but not purchasable , because of the lack of [buying] power among the population .

Since the value of these slaves to their master lay so often in the slaves ' intelligence , initiative and skill , incentives ( such as the possibility of purchasing freedom ) were used more consistently than physical coercion as a means of persuading slaves to accept their inferior status .
since the value of these slaves to their master lay so often in the slaves ' intelligence , initiative and skill , incentives ( such as the possibility of [buying] freedom ) were used more consistently than physical coercion as a means of persuading slaves to accept their inferior status .

Designed to speed up the purchasing process , a ‘ logbook ’ would set out the condition of a home and any work done to it , as well as listing surveys .
designed to speed up the [buying] process , a ‘ logbook ’ would set out the condition of a home and any work done to it , as well as listing surveys .

purchasing another holiday from us or
[buying] another holiday from us or

And Estée Lauder recently launched its Perfect Make-up Centre , as a way of letting customers play with products before purchasing .
and estée lauder recently launched its perfect make-up centre , as a way of letting customers play with products before [buying] .

First , there is the acceptance that elected local authorities , via their social services departments , should become the prime agency in developing community care with the responsibility for the publication of community care plans for their area , the assessment of individuals ' needs for care , the purchasing of appropriate care and the inspection of all segments of the residential sector .
first , there is the acceptance that elected local authorities , via their social services departments , should become the prime agency in developing community care with the responsibility for the publication of community care plans for their area , the assessment of individuals ' needs for care , the [buying] of appropriate care and the inspection of all segments of the residential sector .

While we can not be certain about the precise structure it is clear that departments will have four main functions : assessment , purchasing of care , inspection of services and direct care provision ( Figure 8.2 ) .
while we can not be certain about the precise structure it is clear that departments will have four main functions : assessment , [buying] of care , inspection of services and direct care provision ( figure 8.2 ) .

For example , those purchasing care can not establish too close a relationship with the direct care providing groups .
for example , those [buying] care can not establish too close a relationship with the direct care providing groups .

Overall the present arrangements are messy and are causing tension , fragmentation , and confusion between general practitioners ' roles in purchasing and provision .
overall the present arrangements are messy and are causing tension , fragmentation , and confusion between general practitioners ' roles in [buying] and provision .

Goodwill can permit effective cooperation for purchasing of secondary care but goodwill is ephemeral when difficult decisions have to be made .
goodwill can permit effective cooperation for [buying] of secondary care but goodwill is ephemeral when difficult decisions have to be made .

The authority should be accountable to general practitioners for its purchasing performance and general practitioners should be accountable for the purchasing plans they advocate .
the authority should be accountable to general practitioners for its [buying] performance and general practitioners should be accountable for the [buying] plans they advocate .

Expansion of fundholding would not allow for representation of other professional and lay groups in the purchasing process , and would be difficult for family health services authorities to monitor and manage .
expansion of fundholding would not allow for representation of other professional and lay groups in the [buying] process , and would be difficult for family health services authorities to monitor and manage .

The model requires a new integrated health care purchasing authority with integrated budgets , separation of purchasing and provision in primary care , local contracting with general practice , establishment of a general practice executive committee , and purchasing of secondary care by a joint team representing general practitioners and management , each controlling resources .
the model requires a new integrated health care [buying] authority with integrated budgets , separation of [buying] and provision in primary care , local contracting with general practice , establishment of a general practice executive committee , and [buying] of secondary care by a joint team representing general practitioners and management , each controlling resources .

health care purchasing authority
health care [buying] authority

Primary care contracts will be monitored by the purchasing authority and could include medical audit and reaccreditation in the future .
primary care contracts will be monitored by the [buying] authority and could include medical audit and reaccreditation in the future .

The unit will contract for community services with the purchasing authority or general practice executive committee team or with individual practices or the private sector .
the unit will contract for community services with the [buying] authority or general practice executive committee team or with individual practices or the private sector .

Doctors elected to the general practice executive committee will have additional purchasing responsibilities .
doctors elected to the general practice executive committee will have additional [buying] responsibilities .

Arbitration will be needed to prevent exploitation by the purchasing authority .
arbitration will be needed to prevent exploitation by the [buying] authority .

Problems in prescribing at the interface present a strong case for commissioning agencies that would consider drug purchasing across both care sectors .
problems in prescribing at the interface present a strong case for commissioning agencies that would consider drug [buying] across both care sectors .

However , a simple router table , allowing stock to be passed over a static cutter , is a fairly essential next step after purchasing a router .
however , a simple router table , allowing stock to be passed over a static cutter , is a fairly essential next step after [buying] a router .

Individuals from any one country were now able to obtain any other currency for trade purposes simply by purchasing it via the foreign exchange markets .
individuals from any one country were now able to obtain any other currency for trade purposes simply by [buying] it via the foreign exchange markets .

One of the reasons why the purchasing power parity theorem has not worked so well over short periods is that the influence on currencies of current account flows has diminished , while capital account transactions have assumed a greater role .
one of the reasons why the [buying] power parity theorem has not worked so well over short periods is that the influence on currencies of current account flows has diminished , while capital account transactions have assumed a greater role .

But the purchasing power parity theorem has not been a very successful explanation over short periods because in practice large discre-pancies in real exchange rates have emerged .
but the [buying] power parity theorem has not been a very successful explanation over short periods because in practice large discre-pancies in real exchange rates have emerged .

The destruction of the monopolistic purchasing cartels , which was the commons ' real object , ensured that the tax would no longer be passed on to the producer in the form of lower prices , and the establishment of the Company of the Staple as a selling cartel enabled the real burden of the tax to be imposed upon the purchasers , the cloth manufacturers of Flanders .
the destruction of the monopolistic [buying] cartels , which was the commons ' real object , ensured that the tax would no longer be passed on to the producer in the form of lower prices , and the establishment of the company of the staple as a selling cartel enabled the real burden of the tax to be imposed upon the purchasers , the cloth manufacturers of flanders .

The invoice section from Contracts & purchasing and estimates and cost control from Engineering have been absorbed into the accounts group of the Finance Department at Peel Park .
the invoice section from contracts & [buying] and estimates and cost control from engineering have been absorbed into the accounts group of the finance department at peel park .

As the Russian engineers were arriving in Scotland , Gordon Beattie from Scottish Nuclear 's Contracts and Purchasing department was setting out for Bulgaria for a six month secondment working at the Headquarters of the Bulgarian Energy Committee in Sofia .
as the russian engineers were arriving in scotland , gordon beattie from scottish nuclear 's contracts and [buying] department was setting out for bulgaria for a six month secondment working at the headquarters of the bulgarian energy committee in sofia .

In Contracts & purchasing , the Commercial Approach Team led by Dave Wright identified ways to improve the company 's approach to letting contracts .
in contracts & [buying] , the commercial approach team led by dave wright identified ways to improve the company 's approach to letting contracts .

The current Plan shows that in 1991–92 , as was the case in 1990–91 , the level of grant provision is sufficient to avoid the diversion of purchasing funds to meet salary costs , which was unfortunately necessary in 1989–90 .
the current plan shows that in 1991–92 , as was the case in 1990–91 , the level of grant provision is sufficient to avoid the diversion of [buying] funds to meet salary costs , which was unfortunately necessary in 1989–90 .

As reported in last year 's Annual Report , the most serious factor in relation to purchasing for 1989–90 , owing to Government 's failure to meet the cost of nationally-negotiated pay awards over recent years , was the need to divert purchasing funds to pay essential salary costs during the year , thereby causing substantial reductions in the purchases of printed books of all periods , as well as manuscripts , maps and music .
as reported in last year 's annual report , the most serious factor in relation to [buying] for 1989–90 , owing to government 's failure to meet the cost of nationally-negotiated pay awards over recent years , was the need to divert [buying] funds to pay essential salary costs during the year , thereby causing substantial reductions in the purchases of printed books of all periods , as well as manuscripts , maps and music .

The Map Library 's purchasing policy has to keep a balance between the acquisition of early maps and atlases of Scottish interest and association , and the need to provide an up-to-date collection of maps , atlases and reference works relating to all aspects of cartography and all parts of the world .
the map library 's [buying] policy has to keep a balance between the acquisition of early maps and atlases of scottish interest and association , and the need to provide an up-to-date collection of maps , atlases and reference works relating to all aspects of cartography and all parts of the world .

Comlon guarantees to its customers provision of fresh fruit and/or vegetables of consistently high quality and therefore the Managers in the Purchasing Department are constantly seeking to improve procedures to ensure that the necessary supply of a wide range of fruits and vegetables is available in each of their distribution depots — in Athens , Bonn , Frankfurt , Hong Kong , Kuala Lumpur , London , Madrid , Paris , Perth , Rome , Singapore and Sydney .
comlon guarantees to its customers provision of fresh fruit and/or vegetables of consistently high quality and therefore the managers in the [buying] department are constantly seeking to improve procedures to ensure that the necessary supply of a wide range of fruits and vegetables is available in each of their distribution depots — in athens , bonn , frankfurt , hong kong , kuala lumpur , london , madrid , paris , perth , rome , singapore and sydney .

Standard documentation used by departments : Accounts , Purchasing , Sales , Stores , Despatch , Personnel and Production .
standard documentation used by departments : accounts , [buying] , sales , stores , despatch , personnel and production .

Christine Mills purchasing and dispatch manager , can be seen here with nursery technician Sylvia Hume ‘ tweaking ’ various plants .
christine mills [buying] and dispatch manager , can be seen here with nursery technician sylvia hume ‘ tweaking ’ various plants .

The Group Purchasing Director is responsible for ensuring that the Group 's purchasing requirements are met , taking into account environmental issues wherever possible .
the group [buying] director is responsible for ensuring that the group 's [buying] requirements are met , taking into account environmental issues wherever possible .

The award relates specifically to manufacturing and supply and Precision had to satisfy 18 criteria from purchasing , process control and inspection , including training and customer service .
the award relates specifically to manufacturing and supply and precision had to satisfy 18 criteria from [buying] , process control and inspection , including training and customer service .

Anyone interested in purchasing a Wedghog for £1 should contact Sue Meaken on Barlaston extension 2572 .
anyone interested in [buying] a wedghog for £1 should contact sue meaken on barlaston extension 2572 .

Stores controller in the purchasing department at Barlaston , Dave Lewis , is overseeing the data transfer which ties in with work he is undertaking as part of a three-year course at Staffordshire University .
stores controller in the [buying] department at barlaston , dave lewis , is overseeing the data transfer which ties in with work he is undertaking as part of a three-year course at staffordshire university .

Retailers , from department stores to supermarkets to newsagents , realise that ultimately it is their consumers who have the purchasing power and freedom of choice , and if they provide the right shopping conditions , with a bright and clean atmosphere , the customer will be enticed into the shop more regularly .
retailers , from department stores to supermarkets to newsagents , realise that ultimately it is their consumers who have the [buying] power and freedom of choice , and if they provide the right shopping conditions , with a bright and clean atmosphere , the customer will be enticed into the shop more regularly .

Stan Shaw , formally from Purchasing , Risley , wins a meal for two in the Chatsworth Restaurant for his story of life in retirement .
stan shaw , formally from [buying] , risley , wins a meal for two in the chatsworth restaurant for his story of life in retirement .

Phil Richens ' project engineering team — — has been instrumental in devising and overseeing every phase of this technical development programme , from initial planning and purchasing through to installation logistics , commissioning and testing .
phil richens ' project engineering team — — has been instrumental in devising and overseeing every phase of this technical development programme , from initial planning and [buying] through to installation logistics , commissioning and testing .

Among these are managements who , by exercising careful control of purchasing , pricing and marketing , have maintained market share through the long recession .
among these are managements who , by exercising careful control of [buying] , pricing and marketing , have maintained market share through the long recession .

He will examine the profit and loss accounts and assess the current trading position from all available sales and purchasing information .
he will examine the profit and loss accounts and assess the current trading position from all available sales and [buying] information .

Some of the many changes include replacing existing lighting with low watt bulbs , using solar energy , introduction of low-flow shower heads , use of salt water in lavatories in some areas , replacement of disposable crockery with china and glassware and paper napkins with linen , promotion of draft rather than bottled beer , a purchasing policy favouring recyclable packaging .
some of the many changes include replacing existing lighting with low watt bulbs , using solar energy , introduction of low-flow shower heads , use of salt water in lavatories in some areas , replacement of disposable crockery with china and glassware and paper napkins with linen , promotion of draft rather than bottled beer , a [buying] policy favouring recyclable packaging .

Influencing a short , predictable , product-oriented transaction ( say purchasing a hamburger at a fast food restaurant ) would lend itself to prescriptive training techniques supported by highly specified procedures and standards .
influencing a short , predictable , product-oriented transaction ( say [buying] a hamburger at a fast food restaurant ) would lend itself to prescriptive training techniques supported by highly specified procedures and standards .

Purchasing Functions ( Supply/Management/Distribution )
[buying] functions ( supply/management/distribution )

Purchasing Functions
[buying] functions

The Inter-Departmental Account was raised as a result of expenditure incurred in respect of this Authority purchasing bulk supplies of National Joint Council Circulars .
the inter-departmental account was raised as a result of expenditure incurred in respect of this authority [buying] bulk supplies of national joint council circulars .

Students from hot countries should include an additional amount to cover the costs of purchasing warm clothing in the first year of their studies .
students from hot countries should include an additional amount to cover the costs of [buying] warm clothing in the first year of their studies .

Students from hot countries should include an additional amount to cover the costs of purchasing warm clothing in the first year of their studies .
students from hot countries should include an additional amount to cover the costs of [buying] warm clothing in the first year of their studies .

Linkages may be either backward , when the purchasing firm , which need be neither foreign nor an exporter , buys what it needs locally , or forward , when the seller firm supplies a local firm with what it needs to produce something else .
linkages may be either backward , when the [buying] firm , which need be neither foreign nor an exporter , buys what it needs locally , or forward , when the seller firm supplies a local firm with what it needs to produce something else .

The Shannon Development Company had a ‘ Matchmaker ’ service to match up the capacities of local suppliers with the needs of industrial purchasers , the Irish Development Authority ‘ Project Identification Unit ’ supplied local firms with information on the purchasing requirements of the multinationals , and the Irish Goods Council did the same thing .
the shannon development company had a ‘ matchmaker ’ service to match up the capacities of local suppliers with the needs of industrial purchasers , the irish development authority ‘ project identification unit ’ supplied local firms with information on the [buying] requirements of the multinationals , and the irish goods council did the same thing .

Business-to-Business Marketing — an intensive five-day course designed specifically for marketers in organisations which sell not to consumers but to other firms , government bodies and not-for-profit organisations , where the buyer is generally a professional and purchasing is frequently a group decision .
business-to-business marketing — an intensive five-day course designed specifically for marketers in organisations which sell not to consumers but to other firms , government bodies and not-for-profit organisations , where the buyer is generally a professional and [buying] is frequently a group decision .

As wages declined , less money was available for purchasing inessential goods , so the prices of these would rise less steeply .
as wages declined , less money was available for [buying] inessential goods , so the prices of these would rise less steeply .

Furthermore , even if a surplus of wool was produced , there was perhaps more hope of selling it to the developing cloth industry than of disposing of grain which was not required , as a demand for clothing can be more flexible than one for food when men have additional purchasing power ( 59 ; 62 ) .
furthermore , even if a surplus of wool was produced , there was perhaps more hope of selling it to the developing cloth industry than of disposing of grain which was not required , as a demand for clothing can be more flexible than one for food when men have additional [buying] power ( 59 ; 62 ) .

For example , often firms will receive quantity discounts when they are purchasing large quantities of goods for manufacture or resale .
for example , often firms will receive quantity discounts when they are [buying] large quantities of goods for manufacture or resale .

Answer guide : The cost of employing a scarce resource may be greater than the cost associated with purchasing the resource .
answer guide : the cost of employing a scarce resource may be greater than the cost associated with [buying] the resource .

Abstracting from these difficult matters , an attractive approach to inequality would be to look at the lifetime purchasing power broadly defined over goods and services enjoyed by individuals , appropriately discounted to give a common basis for comparison .
abstracting from these difficult matters , an attractive approach to inequality would be to look at the lifetime [buying] power broadly defined over goods and services enjoyed by individuals , appropriately discounted to give a common basis for comparison .

health care and education , whereas the latter relates to general purchasing power .
health care and education , whereas the latter relates to general [buying] power .

‘ Then you can make it up by purchasing me a change of clothes . ’
‘ then you can make it up by [buying] me a change of clothes . ’

In general terms , renewed population growth and the corresponding rapid rise in the price of foodstuffs during the sixteenth century benefited the larger farmers ( for they were able to produce a surplus for the market ) and worsened the purchasing position of farm labourers whose relative wages sank as prices rose .
in general terms , renewed population growth and the corresponding rapid rise in the price of foodstuffs during the sixteenth century benefited the larger farmers ( for they were able to produce a surplus for the market ) and worsened the [buying] position of farm labourers whose relative wages sank as prices rose .

Annette Simpson from production Planning , Eleanor Murray , Purchasing Manager , and Jim McDaid Chief Industrial Engineer , attended a one week course at Kidderminster College called Technical Briefings for The Management Team .
annette simpson from production planning , eleanor murray , [buying] manager , and jim mcdaid chief industrial engineer , attended a one week course at kidderminster college called technical briefings for the management team .

It was at the end of April that Eleanor Murray , Purchasing Manager , heard the good results of three and a half years work , studying for an exam to become a Member of the Institute of Purchasing and Supply .
it was at the end of april that eleanor murray , [buying] manager , heard the good results of three and a half years work , studying for an exam to become a member of the institute of [buying] and supply .

The exam ranged over twelve subjects , the main part of which was purchasing but also included Economics , Statistics , Business Law and Accountancy .
the exam ranged over twelve subjects , the main part of which was [buying] but also included economics , statistics , business law and accountancy .

Exhibitors reported that although the visitors numbers were slightly down on those for ‘ 88 — due to current trading conditions — their quality and purchasing power were of as high a level as ever .
exhibitors reported that although the visitors numbers were slightly down on those for ‘ 88 — due to current trading conditions — their quality and [buying] power were of as high a level as ever .

In February , Gordon Bowers was appointed to the newly created position of Commercial Manager at Lyle Carpets for the purchasing and control of all materials .
in february , gordon bowers was appointed to the newly created position of commercial manager at lyle carpets for the [buying] and control of all materials .

To promote increased agricultural output and alleviate the medium-term threat of hunger , aggravated by widespread crop failure in 1989 , economists urged measures to broaden markets and increase the purchasing power of small farmers .
to promote increased agricultural output and alleviate the medium-term threat of hunger , aggravated by widespread crop failure in 1989 , economists urged measures to broaden markets and increase the [buying] power of small farmers .

As the peso 's purchasing power lessened , its international exchange value did not depreciate correspondingly , with the result that the value of imports over the year outpaced exports .
as the peso 's [buying] power lessened , its international exchange value did not depreciate correspondingly , with the result that the value of imports over the year outpaced exports .

Later in January restrictions preventing Italians from purchasing short-term financial instruments in foreign currencies were lifted .
later in january restrictions preventing italians from [buying] short-term financial instruments in foreign currencies were lifted .

Thomas Muldoon , a consultant , was imprisoned on Feb. 17 for 27 months for conspiracy , for acting in the bribery of a Marines procurement officer , and for violations of interstate commerce , in connection with defence purchasing .
thomas muldoon , a consultant , was imprisoned on feb. 17 for 27 months for conspiracy , for acting in the bribery of a marines procurement officer , and for violations of interstate commerce , in connection with defence [buying] .

Farmers ' incomes had also increased as a result of rises in the state purchasing price for produce , but retail prices had not risen .
farmers ' incomes had also increased as a result of rises in the state [buying] price for produce , but retail prices had not risen .

And at times of new issues , they will often be committed to purchasing very large amounts of stock which they can only expect to sell over a period of weeks ; during which period they are exposed to the risk of capital loss if prices fall .
and at times of new issues , they will often be committed to [buying] very large amounts of stock which they can only expect to sell over a period of weeks ; during which period they are exposed to the risk of capital loss if prices fall .

Someone who wishes to reduce the risk involved in holding an asset which is essential to his business , and takes steps to do so by purchasing a future or a call option , is referred to as a `` hedger `` .
someone who wishes to reduce the risk involved in holding an asset which is essential to his business , and takes steps to do so by [buying] a future or a call option , is referred to as a `` hedger `` .

Clearly , someone who wishes to hedge his exposure to variations in the price of an asset in his portfolio could do so either by purchasing an appropriate forward contract — from a bank perhaps — or by purchasing exchange traded futures .
clearly , someone who wishes to hedge his exposure to variations in the price of an asset in his portfolio could do so either by [buying] an appropriate forward contract — from a bank perhaps — or by [buying] exchange traded futures .

It is therefore very unlikely that any particular uncertain prospect can be completely offset by purchasing a future .
it is therefore very unlikely that any particular uncertain prospect can be completely offset by [buying] a future .

Thus the purchase of a put option is exactly equivalent to purchasing a call option at the same exercise price and simultaneously selling the underlying asset and investing a sum equal to the exercise price in a riskless bond .
thus the purchase of a put option is exactly equivalent to [buying] a call option at the same exercise price and simultaneously selling the underlying asset and investing a sum equal to the exercise price in a riskless bond .

One of the characteristics which distinguish `` modern industrial `` from `` preindustrial `` society is that in the former there is a wide circulation of `` money `` , where `` money `` means a general medium of exchange and a store of value which serves equally well as a reward for services rendered and as a means of purchasing commodities in the market .
one of the characteristics which distinguish `` modern industrial `` from `` preindustrial `` society is that in the former there is a wide circulation of `` money `` , where `` money `` means a general medium of exchange and a store of value which serves equally well as a reward for services rendered and as a means of [buying] commodities in the market .

Giving , or offering or agreeing to give to persons in their capacity as investors or potential investors advice on the merits of their purchasing , selling , subscribing for or underwriting an investment , or exercising any right conferred by an investment to acquire , dispose of , underwrite or convert an investment .
giving , or offering or agreeing to give to persons in their capacity as investors or potential investors advice on the merits of their [buying] , selling , subscribing for or underwriting an investment , or exercising any right conferred by an investment to acquire , dispose of , underwrite or convert an investment .

The chapter is presented in the order of activities involved in purchasing a company .
the chapter is presented in the order of activities involved in [buying] a company .

No person presently doing business with the Vendor nor any customer or supplier who is in the habit of purchasing from or selling to the Vendor ( as the case may be ) in relation to the Business will within twelve calendar months from Completion cease so to do or otherwise substantially reduce its purchase from or supplies to the Business .
no person presently doing business with the vendor nor any customer or supplier who is in the habit of [buying] from or selling to the vendor ( as the case may be ) in relation to the business will within twelve calendar months from completion cease so to do or otherwise substantially reduce its purchase from or supplies to the business .

Identifying recent purchasing decisions where possible ;
identifying recent [buying] decisions where possible ;

However , there is and has been no club lobby of the European Parliament , and although most clubs are affected by exclusive purchasing agreements they played no part in the construction of Reg 84/83 , whose operation now affects them .
however , there is and has been no club lobby of the european parliament , and although most clubs are affected by exclusive [buying] agreements they played no part in the construction of reg 84/83 , whose operation now affects them .

Overall the project aims to contribute to the understanding of structural solutions devised by firms to manage the uncertainties and risks which they face in purchasing and using new technologies .
overall the project aims to contribute to the understanding of structural solutions devised by firms to manage the uncertainties and risks which they face in [buying] and using new technologies .

Good buys : Any duty free goods are worth purchasing either on board or in port .
good buys : any duty free goods are worth [buying] either on board or in port .

‘ Consumers are entitled to know the price of almost any item which they may be interested in purchasing , should it be staple foods , confectionery , clothing or even a motor car .
‘ consumers are entitled to know the price of almost any item which they may be interested in [buying] , should it be staple foods , confectionery , clothing or even a motor car .

And with inflation increasing at 20 per cent or more a year it is ridiculous that all tax levies and exemptions are not indexed to the purchasing power of the £ so that inflation itself does not become the most grievous tax-gatherer of all .
and with inflation increasing at 20 per cent or more a year it is ridiculous that all tax levies and exemptions are not indexed to the [buying] power of the £ so that inflation itself does not become the most grievous tax-gatherer of all .

Many planning systems exist whereby consumers with similar characteristics of purchasing behaviour are grouped .
many planning systems exist whereby consumers with similar characteristics of [buying] behaviour are grouped .

Health inspectors from the North Western Health Board have visited hotels and pubs in the four ports to warn people against purchasing the vodka .
health inspectors from the north western health board have visited hotels and pubs in the four ports to warn people against [buying] the vodka .

‘ To know the law now offers such protection should help some of the difficulties associated with house purchasing which , for many , can be an extremely harrowing experience .
‘ to know the law now offers such protection should help some of the difficulties associated with house [buying] which , for many , can be an extremely harrowing experience .

For the purpose of the Acts a dealer is ‘ a person who in the normal course of his business attends sales by auction for the purpose of purchasing goods with a view to reselling them .
for the purpose of the acts a dealer is ‘ a person who in the normal course of his business attends sales by auction for the purpose of [buying] goods with a view to reselling them .

If you answer yes to the above , then some of the initiatives introduced by Purchasing and Supply could help your journey cost less and run more efficiently .
if you answer yes to the above , then some of the initiatives introduced by [buying] and supply could help your journey cost less and run more efficiently .

Purchasing and Supply 's will be issuing an updated version of his ‘ Recommended Hotels ’ list in early October to those previously on the mailing list .
[buying] and supply 's will be issuing an updated version of his ‘ recommended hotels ’ list in early october to those previously on the mailing list .

Purchasing has also negotiated preferential rates with Eurodollar , supported by other companies where necessary .
[buying] has also negotiated preferential rates with eurodollar , supported by other companies where necessary .

of Purchasing and Supply at Harwell
of [buying] and supply at harwell

Based at Bexhill-on-Sea and headed by directors David Gould and John Foyle , Botes Unifoyle will handle the total book purchasing and distribution for all its overseas library and school customers .
based at bexhill-on-sea and headed by directors david gould and john foyle , botes unifoyle will handle the total book [buying] and distribution for all its overseas library and school customers .

The most common applications for information-only systems is product information , particularly and most obviously , in locations where the information reinforces in-store purchasing decisions .
the most common applications for information-only systems is product information , particularly and most obviously , in locations where the information reinforces in-store [buying] decisions .

wages and purchasing , allowing the main emphasis to be placed on production and design .
wages and [buying] , allowing the main emphasis to be placed on production and design .

In the Purchasing Department , Eleanor Murray was appointed Supervisor .
in the [buying] department , eleanor murray was appointed supervisor .

The organisation and direction of all those business activities involved in assessing and converting customer purchasing power into effective demand for a specific product … so as to achieve the profit target … set by the company .
the organisation and direction of all those business activities involved in assessing and converting customer [buying] power into effective demand for a specific product … so as to achieve the profit target … set by the company .

Purchasing influences
[buying] influences

Combined with the economics of manufacture and purchasing , these factors create a complex set of conditions to be considered in making the decision ( Bergen , 1975 ) .
combined with the economics of manufacture and [buying] , these factors create a complex set of conditions to be considered in making the decision ( bergen , 1975 ) .

The innovative flair and strong relationship with our customers is still there , but it is now supported by improved professionalism in Production , Purchasing , Logistics and Distribution .
the innovative flair and strong relationship with our customers is still there , but it is now supported by improved professionalism in production , [buying] , logistics and distribution .

was its third owner — purchasing the mill and mill house for £200 .
was its third owner — [buying] the mill and mill house for £200 .

Much is explained by the growth of purchasing power and consuming propensities among the middle ranks of society .
much is explained by the growth of [buying] power and consuming propensities among the middle ranks of society .

The expansion of middle-income purchasing power owes a great deal to England 's unique rate of urban growth .
the expansion of middle-income [buying] power owes a great deal to england 's unique rate of urban growth .

Their purchasing power as households was usually greater than that of families in agriculture .
their [buying] power as households was usually greater than that of families in agriculture .

If , he argues , the misery of large numbers of the agricultural and manufacturing proletariats at the end of the eighteenth century had been the general condition of the labouring population throughout the century , then industrialisation could not have taken place for it depended on `` the home sales of articles of everyday life to a section of the labour force which was neither very poor nor very rich `` but which wielded an effective purchasing power in the face of many difficulties .
if , he argues , the misery of large numbers of the agricultural and manufacturing proletariats at the end of the eighteenth century had been the general condition of the labouring population throughout the century , then industrialisation could not have taken place for it depended on `` the home sales of articles of everyday life to a section of the labour force which was neither very poor nor very rich `` but which wielded an effective [buying] power in the face of many difficulties .

If colleges want to make arrangements with local authorities about purchasing or about other centrally organised purchasing arrangements , they are free to do so .
if colleges want to make arrangements with local authorities about [buying] or about other centrally organised [buying] arrangements , they are free to do so .

That is worrying in view of the way in which the Government have handled the purchasing grant — the acquisition grant — of the galleries in the past few years .
that is worrying in view of the way in which the government have handled the [buying] grant — the acquisition grant — of the galleries in the past few years .

Airlines ( Purchasing Decisions )
airlines ( [buying] decisions )

To ask the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry if he will meet representatives of British airlines to discuss the consequences for the British aircraft engineering industry of their recent decisions on purchasing aircraft and engines .
to ask the secretary of state for trade and industry if he will meet representatives of british airlines to discuss the consequences for the british aircraft engineering industry of their recent decisions on [buying] aircraft and engines .

Will he consider bringing the regulator 's review of purchasing policy forward from 1993 ?
will he consider bringing the regulator 's review of [buying] policy forward from 1993 ?

Does my right hon. Friend accept that if the major galleries of this country are to go on with their extremely enlightened and successful purchasing programme , it is essential that we bring in charging for entry ? Does he accept that the general public will not mind in the least paying to see these magnificent treasures ? Will he further accept that there is a perfectly satisfactory formula under which all who are exempted from prescription charges are exempted from charges for entry to museums ?
does my right hon. friend accept that if the major galleries of this country are to go on with their extremely enlightened and successful [buying] programme , it is essential that we bring in charging for entry ? does he accept that the general public will not mind in the least paying to see these magnificent treasures ? will he further accept that there is a perfectly satisfactory formula under which all who are exempted from prescription charges are exempted from charges for entry to museums ?

Friend seen the latest survey from the Institute of Purchasing and Supply which publishes a regular report based on surveys of purchasing managers throughout British industry , studying their purchasing activities and intentions .
friend seen the latest survey from the institute of [buying] and supply which publishes a regular report based on surveys of [buying] managers throughout british industry , studying their [buying] activities and intentions .

That means providing incentives , removing obstacles , and enhancing purchasing skills — in short , it means driving competition much further into our public services .
that means providing incentives , removing obstacles , and enhancing [buying] skills — in short , it means driving competition much further into our public services .

There will be a new public competition and purchasing unit in the Treasury to carry forward that work , led by a part-time chairman from the private sector , who will also be a member of the advisory panel on the citizens charter .
there will be a new public competition and [buying] unit in the treasury to carry forward that work , led by a part-time chairman from the private sector , who will also be a member of the advisory panel on the citizens charter .

Is the Financial Secretary aware that the introduction of more rigorous management and purchasing provisions in central Government will be welcomed by everyone , but it hardly needs a massive White Paper and a citizens charter to start the job ? Surely the greatest guarantee of performance in central Government would be the guarantee of democratic access ? Why do the Government still refuse to endorse the principle of freedom of information , and why do they not agree to support the freedom of information Bill which will shortly be brought before the House ?
is the financial secretary aware that the introduction of more rigorous management and [buying] provisions in central government will be welcomed by everyone , but it hardly needs a massive white paper and a citizens charter to start the job ? surely the greatest guarantee of performance in central government would be the guarantee of democratic access ? why do the government still refuse to endorse the principle of freedom of information , and why do they not agree to support the freedom of information bill which will shortly be brought before the house ?

Markets do not ensure that producers respond to human needs , only to the needs of those who have the necessary purchasing power .
markets do not ensure that producers respond to human needs , only to the needs of those who have the necessary [buying] power .

owing to the difficulty of forecasting [ … ] the less possible , and indeed , the less desirable it is for the person purchasing to specify what the other contracting party is expected to do [ … ] Therefore , the service which is being provided is expressed in general terms , the exact details being left until a later date [ … ] The details of what the supplier is expected to do is not stated in the contract but is decided later by the purchaser .
owing to the difficulty of forecasting [ … ] the less possible , and indeed , the less desirable it is for the person [buying] to specify what the other contracting party is expected to do [ … ] therefore , the service which is being provided is expressed in general terms , the exact details being left until a later date [ … ] the details of what the supplier is expected to do is not stated in the contract but is decided later by the purchaser .

Government purchasing
government [buying]

The benefits do not have to be of a strictly pecuniary kind ; individuals may enjoy the status of high office , even if they do not benefit financially from it , and advertising is a method of purchasing the status .
the benefits do not have to be of a strictly pecuniary kind ; individuals may enjoy the status of high office , even if they do not benefit financially from it , and advertising is a method of [buying] the status .

The answer depends on the level of our purchasing power and on what economists call elasticities of demand .
the answer depends on the level of our [buying] power and on what economists call elasticities of demand .

After purchasing units , the owner receives a certificate stating the number of units purchased .
after [buying] units , the owner receives a certificate stating the number of units purchased .

The decline of traditional industries , and the development of the service sector — which realises it is necessary to use women 's experience to get ahead — eg new opportunities , development of new business , women 's purchasing power and Courtaulds .
the decline of traditional industries , and the development of the service sector — which realises it is necessary to use women 's experience to get ahead — eg new opportunities , development of new business , women 's [buying] power and courtaulds .

However , in purchasing the hard- and soft-ware we feel it is important to seek more than just a word-processor , because in future , publicity will play a major role .
however , in [buying] the hard- and soft-ware we feel it is important to seek more than just a word-processor , because in future , publicity will play a major role .

The basic problem was that the switch from autarchy to internationalism had not been fully effected : a free-market economy could not exist as long as its component parts — especially investment , supply of raw materials , and the purchasing power of the domestic market — were still closely controlled by the state .
the basic problem was that the switch from autarchy to internationalism had not been fully effected : a free-market economy could not exist as long as its component parts — especially investment , supply of raw materials , and the [buying] power of the domestic market — were still closely controlled by the state .

The leading parts of Olivia Newton John and John Travolta were taken by float contest regulars of purchasing and deputy reactor manager .
the leading parts of olivia newton john and john travolta were taken by float contest regulars of [buying] and deputy reactor manager .

Finally , the Keynesian approach provided arguments for the Beveridge plan , which would among other things increase the worker 's purchasing power in a depression .
finally , the keynesian approach provided arguments for the beveridge plan , which would among other things increase the worker 's [buying] power in a depression .

In the long run full employment was to be achieved through the overall control of purchasing power , and monopolies and cartels would be subject to State supervision to promote efficiency and an expansionist economic policy .
in the long run full employment was to be achieved through the overall control of [buying] power , and monopolies and cartels would be subject to state supervision to promote efficiency and an expansionist economic policy .

When Hawthorn 's yard became available in 1924 , he decided to enter shipbuilding in his own right and soon expanded his operations by purchasing the business of Cran & Somerville in 1927 .
when hawthorn 's yard became available in 1924 , he decided to enter shipbuilding in his own right and soon expanded his operations by [buying] the business of cran & somerville in 1927 .

He was presented with a cut glass crystal decanter by senior purchasing manager David Bayston .
he was presented with a cut glass crystal decanter by senior [buying] manager david bayston .

The press accused the government of having created the shortage by failing to implement fully the state purchasing plan from herdsmen in the provinces , but herdsmen were also reported to be reluctant to sell to the state in anticipation of higher state purchasing prices .
the press accused the government of having created the shortage by failing to implement fully the state [buying] plan from herdsmen in the provinces , but herdsmen were also reported to be reluctant to sell to the state in anticipation of higher state [buying] prices .

Anatoly Chubais , the Committee 's chairman , explained the ways in which the privatization vouchers might be used : ( i ) workers could acquire shares in their own enterprise ; ( ii ) vouchers could be used at auction to buy shares in enterprises which were to become joint stock companies ; ( iii ) vouchers could be spent via private investment funds which would be intermediaries in share purchasing ; or ( iv ) vouchers could be sold for cash .
anatoly chubais , the committee 's chairman , explained the ways in which the privatization vouchers might be used : ( i ) workers could acquire shares in their own enterprise ; ( ii ) vouchers could be used at auction to buy shares in enterprises which were to become joint stock companies ; ( iii ) vouchers could be spent via private investment funds which would be intermediaries in share [buying] ; or ( iv ) vouchers could be sold for cash .

Klaus denied accusations by opposition parties that he was copying Poland 's `` shock therapy `` , and that he was deliberately using inflation to soak up excess purchasing power .
klaus denied accusations by opposition parties that he was copying poland 's `` shock therapy `` , and that he was deliberately using inflation to soak up excess [buying] power .

It welcomes in particular the agreements reached on insurance and public purchasing , … as well as on the final phase of air transport liberalization [ see below ] and on maritime cabotage `` .
it welcomes in particular the agreements reached on insurance and public [buying] , … as well as on the final phase of air transport liberalization [ see below ] and on maritime cabotage `` .

The move was thought to have caused severe food shortages by reducing the purchasing power of most households and thereby limiting the quantity of black market provisions which could be obtained .
the move was thought to have caused severe food shortages by reducing the [buying] power of most households and thereby limiting the quantity of black market provisions which could be obtained .

On Sept. 7 the government had announced expenditure of an additional 13,600 million roubles from the budget to subsidize the defence industry , for scientific and technical expenses in the development and purchasing of arms .
on sept. 7 the government had announced expenditure of an additional 13,600 million roubles from the budget to subsidize the defence industry , for scientific and technical expenses in the development and [buying] of arms .

Also on Feb. 1 , in a further indicator that the economy was facing recession , the National Association of Purchasing Managers announced a marked drop in its index of industrial conditions , to 37.7 in December 1990 , the lowest level since May 1982 .
also on feb. 1 , in a further indicator that the economy was facing recession , the national association of [buying] managers announced a marked drop in its index of industrial conditions , to 37.7 in december 1990 , the lowest level since may 1982 .

Markets become more complex when not only price , quality and image affect the purchasing decision but other considerations such as the environmental compatibility of products do as well .
markets become more complex when not only price , quality and image affect the [buying] decision but other considerations such as the environmental compatibility of products do as well .

As the main purchasing authority , DHAs were given the responsibility for ensuring that the health care needs of their resident population were met .
as the main [buying] authority , dhas were given the responsibility for ensuring that the health care needs of their resident population were met .

The first important step was to separate the purchasing and providing functions and devolve services such as personnel and finance to units .
the first important step was to separate the [buying] and providing functions and devolve services such as personnel and finance to units .

In addition the strategic role of the health authority in assessing the health needs of their population , and purchasing services to meet them , gave them the opportunity of restructuring services in ways which produce greater net benefit .
in addition the strategic role of the health authority in assessing the health needs of their population , and [buying] services to meet them , gave them the opportunity of restructuring services in ways which produce greater net benefit .

Finally , the benefits to be achieved from clarity of roles and greater accountability which accompany the separation of purchasing from provision may be achieved at the cost of much higher transaction costs between what are now separate organisations .
finally , the benefits to be achieved from clarity of roles and greater accountability which accompany the separation of [buying] from provision may be achieved at the cost of much higher transaction costs between what are now separate organisations .

The district made good early progress on separating purchaser–provider functions , needs assessment and contracting , and was involved in early negotiations with other districts on joint purchasing arrangements , but the disruption caused by the merger of the two authorities in late 1990 blocked this momentum .
the district made good early progress on separating purchaser–provider functions , needs assessment and contracting , and was involved in early negotiations with other districts on joint [buying] arrangements , but the disruption caused by the merger of the two authorities in late 1990 blocked this momentum .

By the second year there was considerable disappointment that they had not developed the purchasing role as far as they had hoped .
by the second year there was considerable disappointment that they had not developed the [buying] role as far as they had hoped .

By the second year three of the districts were moving towards what Ham and Matthews call `` real `` purchasing : needs assessment , evaluating service effectiveness , establishing priorities and beginning to make changes in ways which take account of consumer views ( Ham and Matthews 1991 : 21 ) .
by the second year three of the districts were moving towards what ham and matthews call `` real `` [buying] : needs assessment , evaluating service effectiveness , establishing priorities and beginning to make changes in ways which take account of consumer views ( ham and matthews 1991 : 21 ) .

As these districts became more comfortable in the purchasing role , they were also able to take a more detached attitude to their own providers .
as these districts became more comfortable in the [buying] role , they were also able to take a more detached attitude to their own providers .

Pollitt ( 1990 ) argues that this approach was largely process-oriented but has recently shifted to outcomes ( surgical mortality rates , unplanned readmissions , prevalence of cross infections ) reflecting the demands of more powerful purchasing organisations and litigious consumers .
pollitt ( 1990 ) argues that this approach was largely process-oriented but has recently shifted to outcomes ( surgical mortality rates , unplanned readmissions , prevalence of cross infections ) reflecting the demands of more powerful [buying] organisations and litigious consumers .

On the basis of their needs assessment , which includes consultation with consumer groups and GPs , purchasing authorities adjust their priorities in terms of the balance of resources which should be devoted to particular care groups , and the balance between health promotion , prevention , treatment and care .
on the basis of their needs assessment , which includes consultation with consumer groups and gps , [buying] authorities adjust their priorities in terms of the balance of resources which should be devoted to particular care groups , and the balance between health promotion , prevention , treatment and care .

Will purchasing authorities be prepared to pay extra to ensure it happens ?
will [buying] authorities be prepared to pay extra to ensure it happens ?

Although chain hotels are often constrained by bulk purchasing agreements and central decision making , it should not be beyond the imagination of those involved to make each property memorable through small design details such as prints or lighting .
although chain hotels are often constrained by bulk [buying] agreements and central decision making , it should not be beyond the imagination of those involved to make each property memorable through small design details such as prints or lighting .

As well as the initial outlay of purchasing the machine , they need to know what to expect in terms of running costs .
as well as the initial outlay of [buying] the machine , they need to know what to expect in terms of running costs .

He also includes a guide to equipment selection , training and purchasing .
he also includes a guide to equipment selection , training and [buying] .

make quick reference to Purchasing facilities ;
make quick reference to [buying] facilities ;

( o ) To sell or otherwise dispose of the whole or any part of the business or property of the Company , either together with or in portions , for such consideration as the Company may think fit , and in particular for shares , debentures , or securities of any company purchasing the same .
( o ) to sell or otherwise dispose of the whole or any part of the business or property of the company , either together with or in portions , for such consideration as the company may think fit , and in particular for shares , debentures , or securities of any company [buying] the same .

( o ) To sell or otherwise dispose of the whole or any part of the business or property of the Company , either together with or in portions , for such consideration as the Company may think fit , and in particular for shares , debentures , or securities of any company purchasing the same .
( o ) to sell or otherwise dispose of the whole or any part of the business or property of the company , either together with or in portions , for such consideration as the company may think fit , and in particular for shares , debentures , or securities of any company [buying] the same .

All this , supported by literary evidence , suggests deterioration : bleaker diets ( but with the poor still demanding wheat ) , a decline in non-food purchasing , with standards probably lower than at any other time since the wars at the beginning of the eighteenth century .
all this , supported by literary evidence , suggests deterioration : bleaker diets ( but with the poor still demanding wheat ) , a decline in non-food [buying] , with standards probably lower than at any other time since the wars at the beginning of the eighteenth century .

Consider a person purchasing a new motor car .
consider a person [buying] a new motor car .

( deputy manager ) is responsible for the overall running of the information office and library with specific regard to purchasing , updating the computerised data bank and developing the service .
( deputy manager ) is responsible for the overall running of the information office and library with specific regard to [buying] , updating the computerised data bank and developing the service .

You will take charge of the recruitment and training of staff as well as planning rosters , purchasing and stock taking .
you will take charge of the recruitment and training of staff as well as planning rosters , [buying] and stock taking .

In addition , there are small specialist teams to assist branch management with training , personnel , marketing and purchasing .
in addition , there are small specialist teams to assist branch management with training , personnel , marketing and [buying] .

Figure 7.11 ( a ) shows the effect of purchasing both a put and a call with the same expiry dates and exercise prices on the same share .
figure 7.11 ( a ) shows the effect of [buying] both a put and a call with the same expiry dates and exercise prices on the same share .

7.3.2 Purchasing power parity
7.3.2 [buying] power parity

Combined with the economics of manufacture and purchasing , these factors create a complex set of conditions to be considered in making the decision ( Bergen , 1975 ) .
combined with the economics of manufacture and [buying] , these factors create a complex set of conditions to be considered in making the decision ( bergen , 1975 ) .

This creates five individual sets of problems in materials purchasing , drawing , storing , documenting , manufacturing and so on , covering nearly all overhead departments as well as those directly concerned .
this creates five individual sets of problems in materials [buying] , drawing , storing , documenting , manufacturing and so on , covering nearly all overhead departments as well as those directly concerned .

Well over three-quarters of the respondents said they would be purchasing a microcomputer or additional software within the next year .
well over three-quarters of the respondents said they would be [buying] a microcomputer or additional software within the next year .

Of course ministers , like everyone else , were helped by the increase in the purchasing power of the pound from 20s .
of course ministers , like everyone else , were helped by the increase in the [buying] power of the pound from 20s .

Under the scheme , which could become a draft directive by the end of the year , motorists would be denied the choice of purchasing parts from the largely cheaper independent suppliers .
under the scheme , which could become a draft directive by the end of the year , motorists would be denied the choice of [buying] parts from the largely cheaper independent suppliers .

Asked why he had changed tack in his purchasing , Mr Mason , his dealer , said : ‘ Mr Lloyd Webber has made his money in Britain in the last decade , and he wants to put some back to save the finest of Canaletto 's London views . ’
asked why he had changed tack in his [buying] , mr mason , his dealer , said : ‘ mr lloyd webber has made his money in britain in the last decade , and he wants to put some back to save the finest of canaletto 's london views . ’

It is quite acceptable to ask to sample before you buy , although this is only possible if you are purchasing over the counter .
it is quite acceptable to ask to sample before you buy , although this is only possible if you are [buying] over the counter .

Most government-to-government purchasing is over ; Cuban agencies must negotiate with hundreds of Soviet firms .
most government-to-government [buying] is over ; cuban agencies must negotiate with hundreds of soviet firms .

Last April he spent $ 25m purchasing a small chain of PC-training schools in America .
last april he spent $ 25m [buying] a small chain of pc-training schools in america .

They are offered smaller discounts than the purchasing moguls of companies , and are viewed with distaste in garages because of their tendency to quibble over bills or wonder whether they really need new tyres .
they are offered smaller discounts than the [buying] moguls of companies , and are viewed with distaste in garages because of their tendency to quibble over bills or wonder whether they really need new tyres .

But inflation was also caused by too much purchasing power in the economy .
but inflation was also caused by too much [buying] power in the economy .

In Finland local authorities are being turned into the purchasing agents — with a range of powers and responsibilities that look remarkably similar to those being assigned to the district health authorities under the Tory reforms .
in finland local authorities are being turned into the [buying] agents — with a range of powers and responsibilities that look remarkably similar to those being assigned to the district health authorities under the tory reforms .

Between the 14th day of September 1987 and the 8th day of January 1988 conspired together and with other persons to defraud such persons who had or might have had an interest in dealing in shares in Blue Arrow , or National Westminster Bank , or in dealing on the Financial Times Stock Exchange 100 share index , namely : 2.1 By dishonestly concealing holdings of 19.39 per cent of the share capital of Blue Arrow ; 2.2 By falsely stating that all remaining shares not taken up in the rights issue by existing shareholders had been sold in the market ; 2.3 By falsely representing that 33,315,528 shares in Blue Arrow held by County NatWest Securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.4 By falsely representing that 34,069,433 shares in Blue Arrow held by Phillips & Drew Securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.5 By dealing off market with Union Bank of Switzerland in 28,201,743 shares in Blue Arrow when by reason of their connection with that company they were knowingly in possession of un-published price sensitive information ; 2.6 By creating a false instrument , namely a letter of indemnity dated 5 October 1987 from Nicholas Wells on behalf of County NatWest to Union Bank Of Switzerland ; 2.7 By engaging in a course of conduct which created a false or misleading impression as to the market in the shares of Blue Arrow for the purpose of creating such an impression and thereby influencing persons who might deal in those shares ; 2.8 By purchasing and retaining 2,150 Financial Times Stock Exchange 100 share index put option contracts to cover a risk of £51,500,000 whilst concealing from the market the true position in relation to the rights issue and the subsequent placing of shares in Blue Arrow , where Blue Arrow and National Westminster Bank were both component parts of that index .
between the 14th day of september 1987 and the 8th day of january 1988 conspired together and with other persons to defraud such persons who had or might have had an interest in dealing in shares in blue arrow , or national westminster bank , or in dealing on the financial times stock exchange 100 share index , namely : 2.1 by dishonestly concealing holdings of 19.39 per cent of the share capital of blue arrow ; 2.2 by falsely stating that all remaining shares not taken up in the rights issue by existing shareholders had been sold in the market ; 2.3 by falsely representing that 33,315,528 shares in blue arrow held by county natwest securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.4 by falsely representing that 34,069,433 shares in blue arrow held by phillips & drew securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.5 by dealing off market with union bank of switzerland in 28,201,743 shares in blue arrow when by reason of their connection with that company they were knowingly in possession of un-published price sensitive information ; 2.6 by creating a false instrument , namely a letter of indemnity dated 5 october 1987 from nicholas wells on behalf of county natwest to union bank of switzerland ; 2.7 by engaging in a course of conduct which created a false or misleading impression as to the market in the shares of blue arrow for the purpose of creating such an impression and thereby influencing persons who might deal in those shares ; 2.8 by [buying] and retaining 2,150 financial times stock exchange 100 share index put option contracts to cover a risk of £51,500,000 whilst concealing from the market the true position in relation to the rights issue and the subsequent placing of shares in blue arrow , where blue arrow and national westminster bank were both component parts of that index .

They , not just their managers , should be involved in the design or purchasing process , and consulted about their tasks .
they , not just their managers , should be involved in the design or [buying] process , and consulted about their tasks .

purchasing another available holiday from us ; or
[buying] another available holiday from us ; or

When any major change occurs , provided it does not arise from events beyond our control , you will have the choice of ( a ) accepting the changed arrangements , ( b ) purchasing another available holiday from us at is advertised price , or ( c ) cancelling your holiday .
when any major change occurs , provided it does not arise from events beyond our control , you will have the choice of ( a ) accepting the changed arrangements , ( b ) [buying] another available holiday from us at is advertised price , or ( c ) cancelling your holiday .

We will give a Cabinet Minister responsibility for the Citizen 's Charter programme and reforming the Civil Service , taking charge of the Citizen 's Charter Unit , Efficiency Unit , the programme for creating Agencies and the Public Competition and Purchasing Unit .
we will give a cabinet minister responsibility for the citizen 's charter programme and reforming the civil service , taking charge of the citizen 's charter unit , efficiency unit , the programme for creating agencies and the public competition and [buying] unit .

As its performance continue to improve , we expect to see growing private sector interest in purchasing it outright .
as its performance continue to improve , we expect to see growing private sector interest in [buying] it outright .

If you find that the property you want is to be sold at Auction , remember that a lot of time , effort and fees can be expended prior to an Auction and there is no guarantee that you will be successful in purchasing the property .
if you find that the property you want is to be sold at auction , remember that a lot of time , effort and fees can be expended prior to an auction and there is no guarantee that you will be successful in [buying] the property .

Both the purchasing power of the ultimate benefit and the real cost of any future premiums payable will depend on the rate of inflation over the period of the contract . By way of illustration the following table shows what £1,000 will be worth in today 's money at the end of the periods shown if the annual rate of inflation over the period is as shown :
both the [buying] power of the ultimate benefit and the real cost of any future premiums payable will depend on the rate of inflation over the period of the contract . by way of illustration the following table shows what £1,000 will be worth in today 's money at the end of the periods shown if the annual rate of inflation over the period is as shown :

Both the purchasing power of the ultimate benefit and the real cost of any future premiums/investments payable will depend on the rate of inflation over the period of the contract .
both the [buying] power of the ultimate benefit and the real cost of any future premiums/investments payable will depend on the rate of inflation over the period of the contract .

Both the purchasing power of the ultimate benefit and the real cost of any future premiums/investments payable will depend on the rate of inflation over the period of the contract .
both the [buying] power of the ultimate benefit and the real cost of any future premiums/investments payable will depend on the rate of inflation over the period of the contract .

He believes that ‘ managed currency funds are a good way of protecting the purchasing power of sterling-based investors .
he believes that ‘ managed currency funds are a good way of protecting the [buying] power of sterling-based investors .

If you are considering purchasing a piece of equipment remember many aids can be tried out first at Disabled Living Centres and at ‘ Dialability ’ in Oxford .
if you are considering [buying] a piece of equipment remember many aids can be tried out first at disabled living centres and at ‘ dialability ’ in oxford .

The Shah had made a showplace of his country with his colossal purchasing of weapons , and look what it had all come to : ‘ If you drive from Shiraz to Isfahan even today you 'll see hundreds of helicopters parked off to the right of the highway .
the shah had made a showplace of his country with his colossal [buying] of weapons , and look what it had all come to : ‘ if you drive from shiraz to isfahan even today you 'll see hundreds of helicopters parked off to the right of the highway .

Of particular relevance to the industry is the sub-group on local authority purchasing and the research project looking at small- and medium-sized suppliers and the public sector purchasers which deal with them .
of particular relevance to the industry is the sub-group on local authority [buying] and the research project looking at small- and medium-sized suppliers and the public sector purchasers which deal with them .

‘ For this reason , purchasing from brochures or purchasing from a system demonstration on-site is simply inadequate .
‘ for this reason , [buying] from brochures or [buying] from a system demonstration on-site is simply inadequate .

These purposes include control of the purchasing activity , minimising wastage and keeping selling prices as keen as possible .
these purposes include control of the [buying] activity , minimising wastage and keeping selling prices as keen as possible .

Cutting through technical jargon makes cutlery purchasing no easy task . Bob Gledhill outlines how to recognise and maintain quality cutlery without forking out a fortune
cutting through technical jargon makes cutlery [buying] no easy task . bob gledhill outlines how to recognise and maintain quality cutlery without forking out a fortune

This book would still be essential purchasing without them .
this book would still be essential [buying] without them .

If you have large amounts of cash on the farm , you should consider purchasing a strong safe .
if you have large amounts of cash on the farm , you should consider [buying] a strong safe .

The story begins in the 1960s , when property magnate Peter Palumbo ( now a leading public figure in the arts world ) began purchasing the freeholds of all the buildings on the site .
the story begins in the 1960s , when property magnate peter palumbo ( now a leading public figure in the arts world ) began [buying] the freeholds of all the buildings on the site .

Earlier yesterday Mr Clarke told a London conference of health authority leaders that the district authorities emerge from the reforms as the ‘ patients ’ friends ’ , by assessing the health of their populations and meeting those needs when purchasing care from competing hospitals .
earlier yesterday mr clarke told a london conference of health authority leaders that the district authorities emerge from the reforms as the ‘ patients ’ friends ’ , by assessing the health of their populations and meeting those needs when [buying] care from competing hospitals .

Patients ' names will not be passed on , and Mr Clarke said disclosure to district authorities , to inform care purchasing , was ‘ some way down the track ’ .
patients ' names will not be passed on , and mr clarke said disclosure to district authorities , to inform care [buying] , was ‘ some way down the track ’ .

Their purchasing position will be clarified and the solicitors notified .
their [buying] position will be clarified and the solicitors notified .

It is extraordinary that many more people have an inspection when buying a second-hand car than they do when purchasing a house .
it is extraordinary that many more people have an inspection when buying a second-hand car than they do when [buying] a house .

These projects , covering issues such as information requirements and the purchasing role of health authorities , are designed to work through the implications of the White Paper at a local level .
these projects , covering issues such as information requirements and the [buying] role of health authorities , are designed to work through the implications of the white paper at a local level .

More controversial was the manner in which Britain turned the terms of trade in its favour and directly squeezed the incomes of colonial producers by bulk purchasing of colonial products at below world prices .
more controversial was the manner in which britain turned the terms of trade in its favour and directly squeezed the incomes of colonial producers by bulk [buying] of colonial products at below world prices .

It was still fulfilling its traditional functions of looking after overseas governments and acting as a purchasing agency for them — and indeed it did administer World Bank and British Government overseas development loans .
it was still fulfilling its traditional functions of looking after overseas governments and acting as a [buying] agency for them — and indeed it did administer world bank and british government overseas development loans .

Thus in northern Nigeria there has been a long-established practice of Hausa farmers purchasing immature beef cattle at the end of the harvesting season , and feeding them on maize stalks and other crop residues during the dry season , before marketing them at the end of six months .
thus in northern nigeria there has been a long-established practice of hausa farmers [buying] immature beef cattle at the end of the harvesting season , and feeding them on maize stalks and other crop residues during the dry season , before marketing them at the end of six months .

Free newspaper groups in particular welcomed the opportunity to provide their readers with interesting features about both the Battle of Britain and the work of the Association , whilst at the same time encouraging their regular advertisers to support the Appeal by purchasing space on the feature .
free newspaper groups in particular welcomed the opportunity to provide their readers with interesting features about both the battle of britain and the work of the association , whilst at the same time encouraging their regular advertisers to support the appeal by [buying] space on the feature .

In the longer term , purchasing policies can help to improve energy efficiency in electrical equipment .
in the longer term , [buying] policies can help to improve energy efficiency in electrical equipment .

Everyone who deals in chemical purchasing knows that in many cases , one is forced by prepackaging and stringent sales requirements to purchase substantially more of a given compound than is required .
everyone who deals in chemical [buying] knows that in many cases , one is forced by prepackaging and stringent sales requirements to purchase substantially more of a given compound than is required .

These courses could be used to improve existing skills as well as to provide training for newcomers to the industry — be they school leavers or persons purchasing a farm .
these courses could be used to improve existing skills as well as to provide training for newcomers to the industry — be they school leavers or persons [buying] a farm .

There were three kinds of co-operatives : for marketing and production , purchasing , or finance and insurance .
there were three kinds of co-operatives : for marketing and production , [buying] , or finance and insurance .

In the second half of the session , course leaders sponsor participants to an evening at the pub for the purpose of practising drinking skills and purchasing non-alcoholic drinks .
in the second half of the session , course leaders sponsor participants to an evening at the pub for the purpose of practising drinking skills and [buying] non-alcoholic drinks .

So far , however , the crofters in the Western Isles have preferred to purchase only the house sites and pass on their rights to their families , although in other areas where the land is better there has been greater interest in purchasing whole crofts .
so far , however , the crofters in the western isles have preferred to purchase only the house sites and pass on their rights to their families , although in other areas where the land is better there has been greater interest in [buying] whole crofts .

Now building societies are the preferred choice of many customers for purchasing life insurance .
now building societies are the preferred choice of many customers for [buying] life insurance .

It was not the taste buds but the purchasing power of Academe that needed nursing .
it was not the taste buds but the [buying] power of academe that needed nursing .

Only by retaining an experienced independent consultant can a farmer make first a judgement about which way to go and secondly an objective purchasing decision .
only by retaining an experienced independent consultant can a farmer make first a judgement about which way to go and secondly an objective [buying] decision .

It is difficult to assess whether or not unemployment and economic conditions were vital to the decline in the size of working-class families , or whether the prospect of purchasing new consumer goods conditioned the responses of the working classes .
it is difficult to assess whether or not unemployment and economic conditions were vital to the decline in the size of working-class families , or whether the prospect of [buying] new consumer goods conditioned the responses of the working classes .

Stan Dickenson , retired purchasing consultant for an electronics company adores the beautiful blossoms of tuberous begonia .
stan dickenson , retired [buying] consultant for an electronics company adores the beautiful blossoms of tuberous begonia .

As a result purchasing power is rarely exercised to its fullest extent with its attendant cost savings .
as a result [buying] power is rarely exercised to its fullest extent with its attendant cost savings .

The company operates as investors in industrial property particularly in Northern England , purchasing income producing investments , let on institutional leases at low base rents .
the company operates as investors in industrial property particularly in northern england , [buying] income producing investments , let on institutional leases at low base rents .

Pensions are usually compared by converting the annual pension paid to an average earner into ecu , using ‘ purchasing power parity ’ to accommodate for the various costs of living in each country .
pensions are usually compared by converting the annual pension paid to an average earner into ecu , using ‘ [buying] power parity ’ to accommodate for the various costs of living in each country .

There are no public bars or outlets for purchasing lager , and the only route for escaping the forces of law and order is a taxing swim through a shark-infested bay .
there are no public bars or outlets for [buying] lager , and the only route for escaping the forces of law and order is a taxing swim through a shark-infested bay .

There was also evidence that Drew had visited several other tobacconists , purchasing pipes to send to friends .
there was also evidence that drew had visited several other tobacconists , [buying] pipes to send to friends .

The restrictions on purchasing ethanol without prescription have been removed ( although not all pharmacists will realise this ) but it is very expensive because of the Customs and Excise duty despite its medicinal purpose .
the restrictions on [buying] ethanol without prescription have been removed ( although not all pharmacists will realise this ) but it is very expensive because of the customs and excise duty despite its medicinal purpose .

Agrarian reform was needed to release the peasantry from traditional forms and low levels of remuneration in order to increase their purchasing power to provide a stimulus for the growth and expansion of local manufacturing firms .
agrarian reform was needed to release the peasantry from traditional forms and low levels of remuneration in order to increase their [buying] power to provide a stimulus for the growth and expansion of local manufacturing firms .

Sugar contributes more to calorie intake than in the past , mainly due to the increased consumption of processed beverages and foods , which may bode ill for the population 's teeth , but also reveals increased purchasing power .
sugar contributes more to calorie intake than in the past , mainly due to the increased consumption of processed beverages and foods , which may bode ill for the population 's teeth , but also reveals increased [buying] power .

We 're working on a new production model for the whole factory — new stock control , new purchasing policy .
we 're working on a new production model for the whole factory — new stock control , new [buying] policy .

Rather than propose ways in which representative democracy could be strengthened and improved , these authors concluded : ‘ the weight of the evidence is that a vote is much less effective than purchasing power … the market is potentially more democratic than the state ’ ( p. 65 ) .
rather than propose ways in which representative democracy could be strengthened and improved , these authors concluded : ‘ the weight of the evidence is that a vote is much less effective than [buying] power … the market is potentially more democratic than the state ’ ( p. 65 ) .

Market penetration of answering machines is about six per cent , although research indicates 20 per cent of the population are considering purchasing one .
market penetration of answering machines is about six per cent , although research indicates 20 per cent of the population are considering [buying] one .

Convenient fuel and service purchasing .
convenient fuel and service [buying] .

These could be the positive side of your parents ' shortcomings , eg a young man may have noticed that his father never took his mother into consideration when purchasing the family car .
these could be the positive side of your parents ' shortcomings , eg a young man may have noticed that his father never took his mother into consideration when [buying] the family car .

We prayerfully proceeded with the purchasing process , only to have the property survey reveal a £5,000 defect .
we prayerfully proceeded with the [buying] process , only to have the property survey reveal a £5,000 defect .

In general the effect of the Commission 's inflated purchasing ability was to drive up the price of land in the borders .
in general the effect of the commission 's inflated [buying] ability was to drive up the price of land in the borders .

In the years 1880–1913 the number of land purchasing agencies and co-operatives associated with the Land Purchase Bank was to rise from about 120 to nearly 300 .
in the years 1880–1913 the number of land [buying] agencies and co-operatives associated with the land purchase bank was to rise from about 120 to nearly 300 .

And , as subscribers with decades ' worth of Punch purchasing behind them testify on pages 56–59 , the effect was a bit like the first plunge into an icy pool : shocking at first , but pleasantly bracing once you got used to it .
and , as subscribers with decades ' worth of punch [buying] behind them testify on pages 56–59 , the effect was a bit like the first plunge into an icy pool : shocking at first , but pleasantly bracing once you got used to it .

Reliable comparative statistics are hard to find but the European Commission has published some figures showing the relative purchasing power of pensions in each of the member states .
reliable comparative statistics are hard to find but the european commission has published some figures showing the relative [buying] power of pensions in each of the member states .

In fact the purchasing power of a single person 's pension in Britain was just less than 75 per cent of the French pension , 60 per cent of its West German counterpart and only 50 per cent of the value of the equivalent Dutch pension .
in fact the [buying] power of a single person 's pension in britain was just less than 75 per cent of the french pension , 60 per cent of its west german counterpart and only 50 per cent of the value of the equivalent dutch pension .

Those aged over 55 now have a purchasing power of more than £25 billion annually , spending 13 per cent more than the average on holidays , cars and durables .
those aged over 55 now have a [buying] power of more than £25 billion annually , spending 13 per cent more than the average on holidays , cars and durables .

Professor Woolf argues that an older person purchasing a walking frame in order to remain on his or her feet is no less natural than a parent purchasing something similar for an infant learning to walk .
professor woolf argues that an older person [buying] a walking frame in order to remain on his or her feet is no less natural than a parent [buying] something similar for an infant learning to walk .

Can older people exert their corporate purchasing power in this fashion , or do their tastes vary to such an extent that they can never have this kind of combined approach ? If this is not a practical reality , then any effort to counter discrimination against older consumes must come from the other side of the fence ; from manufactures of user-friendly products , from retailers in the way they present goods for sale , and from those who are responsible for creating the environment in which shops trade .
can older people exert their corporate [buying] power in this fashion , or do their tastes vary to such an extent that they can never have this kind of combined approach ? if this is not a practical reality , then any effort to counter discrimination against older consumes must come from the other side of the fence ; from manufactures of user-friendly products , from retailers in the way they present goods for sale , and from those who are responsible for creating the environment in which shops trade .

The duplication of titles amongst the different types of institution studied in Sheffield was found to be very low , and in view of the fact that cooperative acquisition is not simple to introduce and that central purchasing agencies tend to delay orders , the authors recommended against it .
the duplication of titles amongst the different types of institution studied in sheffield was found to be very low , and in view of the fact that cooperative acquisition is not simple to introduce and that central [buying] agencies tend to delay orders , the authors recommended against it .

Grants and loans are available for fertilisers but the purchasing costs ( and equipment to spread it ) are still substantial for the farmer and little is used .
grants and loans are available for fertilisers but the [buying] costs ( and equipment to spread it ) are still substantial for the farmer and little is used .

Unable to obtain sanction for purchasing new cars , Manager Luff decided that the next best thing would be to re-equip the 1939 sun-saloon cars and six 1937 railcoaches , to make eighteen ‘ silent trams ’ for Marton .
unable to obtain sanction for [buying] new cars , manager luff decided that the next best thing would be to re-equip the 1939 sun-saloon cars and six 1937 railcoaches , to make eighteen ‘ silent trams ’ for marton .

Blackpool had been interested in purchasing the line to St. Annes Square and extending the Promenade tramway reserved track from Starr Gate .
blackpool had been interested in [buying] the line to st. annes square and extending the promenade tramway reserved track from starr gate .

Cost and purchasing control .
cost and [buying] control .

They are concerned with purchasing care which promotes health rather than management of ill-health facilities .
they are concerned with [buying] care which promotes health rather than management of ill-health facilities .

The separation of responsibility for purchasing health care from that of providing health care .
the separation of responsibility for [buying] health care from that of providing health care .

How do we pay for clinical services which we are purchasing ?
how do we pay for clinical services which we are [buying] ?

To sum up , the sequence in which documents are issued in the purchasing and receipt of goods can be seen below :
to sum up , the sequence in which documents are issued in the [buying] and receipt of goods can be seen below :

Another eight are involved in marketing and/or purchasing , and four are engaged in finance .
another eight are involved in marketing and/or [buying] , and four are engaged in finance .

The currently applicable block exemption Regulation , issued by the Commission in 1985 , exempts specialisation agreements coupled with exclusive purchasing conditions subject to certain conditions .
the currently applicable block exemption regulation , issued by the commission in 1985 , exempts specialisation agreements coupled with exclusive [buying] conditions subject to certain conditions .

As the only funds which the building society possessed were those they received as interest on the sums being borrowed by those buying houses , the payments to these non-house purchasing investors came from these ‘ borrowing funds ’ .
as the only funds which the building society possessed were those they received as interest on the sums being borrowed by those buying houses , the payments to these non-house [buying] investors came from these ‘ borrowing funds ’ .

Samuel Pepys records purchasing a copy of the Essay on 15 May , 1668 , and it so pleased the Sovereign that he promoted the author from the Secretaryship of the Royal Society to the See of Chester .
samuel pepys records [buying] a copy of the essay on 15 may , 1668 , and it so pleased the sovereign that he promoted the author from the secretaryship of the royal society to the see of chester .

Wickenden , as purchasing director , is naturally reticent about details , but he led me to believe that smuggling nuts out of Turkey was an important activity , and that everyone except presumably the government , was satisfied with this arrangement .
wickenden , as [buying] director , is naturally reticent about details , but he led me to believe that smuggling nuts out of turkey was an important activity , and that everyone except presumably the government , was satisfied with this arrangement .

Purchasing the volume of nickel , cobalt and molybdenum that Britain consumes in just six months would drain some £150 million from public coffers .
[buying] the volume of nickel , cobalt and molybdenum that britain consumes in just six months would drain some £150 million from public coffers .

Even so-called low-cost homes remain access only to the middle class , and beyond the purchasing power of the poor majority .
even so-called low-cost homes remain access only to the middle class , and beyond the [buying] power of the poor majority .

And the cost of houses rose faster than purchasing power in most countries during the 1970s , so the gap between need and availability has grown even greater .
and the cost of houses rose faster than [buying] power in most countries during the 1970s , so the gap between need and availability has grown even greater .

At one time , it looked as though Rio Tinto-Zinc , the giant metals company , would rescue Warrell by purchasing Wheal Concord .
at one time , it looked as though rio tinto-zinc , the giant metals company , would rescue warrell by [buying] wheal concord .

Kibun says that firms from 18 countries are interested in purchasing the hardware .
kibun says that firms from 18 countries are interested in [buying] the hardware .

For well over a century the design has been available whilst in 1909 the Science Museum , for example , acquired the example to be seen in the Computing Then and Now gallery , purchasing the cheaper of the two production models made by Messrs Newton and Co. and fully described in the firm 's literature Stratton 's brainchild differs from the Newton model only in having the second pendulum attached to the pen instead of hanging below the main pendulum under the table .
for well over a century the design has been available whilst in 1909 the science museum , for example , acquired the example to be seen in the computing then and now gallery , [buying] the cheaper of the two production models made by messrs newton and co. and fully described in the firm 's literature stratton 's brainchild differs from the newton model only in having the second pendulum attached to the pen instead of hanging below the main pendulum under the table .

Yet again the official syllabus and scheme of work may recommend the purchase and use of local materials gathered from the local environment when official administrative regulations preclude the headmaster from purchasing these and fail to provide him with any facilities for storing them once he has obtained them .
yet again the official syllabus and scheme of work may recommend the purchase and use of local materials gathered from the local environment when official administrative regulations preclude the headmaster from [buying] these and fail to provide him with any facilities for storing them once he has obtained them .

Finance necessary for producing practice information , photographs , employing extra staff , renting more accommodation , purchasing additional equipment , etc
finance necessary for producing practice information , photographs , employing extra staff , renting more accommodation , [buying] additional equipment , etc

But the disc is probably worth purchasing for the Weill alone , a work which Klemperer commissioned from the composer after attending and enjoying performances of the Dreigroschenoper in Berlin in 1929 .
but the disc is probably worth [buying] for the weill alone , a work which klemperer commissioned from the composer after attending and enjoying performances of the dreigroschenoper in berlin in 1929 .

Policy studies ( including policy-making ) ; Public sector management ; Health services management ; Education management ; Public purchasing ; Public finance ( especially cost benefit , intergovernmental relations ) ; Law ( company , commercial , labour , welfare , housing , building , surveying ) ; Aspects of criminal law .
policy studies ( including policy-making ) ; public sector management ; health services management ; education management ; public [buying] ; public finance ( especially cost benefit , intergovernmental relations ) ; law ( company , commercial , labour , welfare , housing , building , surveying ) ; aspects of criminal law .

These include positions in purchasing , sales , marketing , personnel , general management , operations management and accounting .
these include positions in [buying] , sales , marketing , personnel , general management , operations management and accounting .

Their insistence on selling only complete packages made the cost of buying the guides too expensive , but at the same time individual purchasing libraries have often gone on to modify the guides for local use ; and this is the greatest block to co-ordinated and centralized production — librarians prefer to prepare their own guides , tailor-made for their particular local needs .
their insistence on selling only complete packages made the cost of buying the guides too expensive , but at the same time individual [buying] libraries have often gone on to modify the guides for local use ; and this is the greatest block to co-ordinated and centralized production — librarians prefer to prepare their own guides , tailor-made for their particular local needs .

This provides a temporary abode of purchasing power for the holder which is both convenient and certain .
this provides a temporary abode of [buying] power for the holder which is both convenient and certain .

This dynamic function of money stems from the fact that it represents purchasing power , which , when exercised , stimulates production of goods and services .
this dynamic function of money stems from the fact that it represents [buying] power , which , when exercised , stimulates production of goods and services .

Despite this obvious fact , people prefer paper money as they are interested mainly in its purchasing power and the convenience of handling it — in the latter respect paper money is much preferred to heavier and bulkier coins .
despite this obvious fact , people prefer paper money as they are interested mainly in its [buying] power and the convenience of handling it — in the latter respect paper money is much preferred to heavier and bulkier coins .

The bill must be unconditional and not dependent on the exporter 's subsequent performance , and the purchasing bank of the bill has no recourse against the exporter .
the bill must be unconditional and not dependent on the exporter 's subsequent performance , and the [buying] bank of the bill has no recourse against the exporter .

Banks replenish their nostro accounts by purchasing foreign currency bank deposits ( claims ) in the foreign exchange market from banks and non-banks which hold excess foreign currency balances in relation to their needs .
banks replenish their nostro accounts by [buying] foreign currency bank deposits ( claims ) in the foreign exchange market from banks and non-banks which hold excess foreign currency balances in relation to their needs .

Long means a bank is purchasing and accumulating deposits in a currency whereas short implies a run-down of deposit balances in a currency ( possibly even a loan situation existing in a nostro account with a correspondent bank ) .
long means a bank is [buying] and accumulating deposits in a currency whereas short implies a run-down of deposit balances in a currency ( possibly even a loan situation existing in a nostro account with a correspondent bank ) .

He is therefore cautious about purchasing more services .
he is therefore cautious about [buying] more services .

But during the 1980s , subsidies have been progressively removed , and the IMF-sponsored auction of the local currency ( the kwacha ) meant that by 1987 its purchasing power was only one-third what it had been in 1983 .
but during the 1980s , subsidies have been progressively removed , and the imf-sponsored auction of the local currency ( the kwacha ) meant that by 1987 its [buying] power was only one-third what it had been in 1983 .

In the first place , by 1986 , teachers and other educational staff had seen the purchasing power of their salaries slip to a half or a third of their 1980 value .
in the first place , by 1986 , teachers and other educational staff had seen the [buying] power of their salaries slip to a half or a third of their 1980 value .

But increasingly attempts are made to monitor a more general concept : the degree of confidence consumers have in the economy and in their own purchasing power .
but increasingly attempts are made to monitor a more general concept : the degree of confidence consumers have in the economy and in their own [buying] power .

It had not even completed purchasing all the land authorized under the 1855 Act , and the ‘ small portion ’ it did not own was approximately 1.25 acres ( 0.5 ha . )
it had not even completed [buying] all the land authorized under the 1855 act , and the ‘ small portion ’ it did not own was approximately 1.25 acres ( 0.5 ha . )

The metropolitan suburbs increased housing units in the 1950s through the 1980s far faster than the inner cities or the rural suburbs.8 Because inner cities retained a high proportion of lower income families , increased purchasing power for shelter , food , and clothing shifted to the suburbs .
the metropolitan suburbs increased housing units in the 1950s through the 1980s far faster than the inner cities or the rural suburbs.8 because inner cities retained a high proportion of lower income families , increased [buying] power for shelter , food , and clothing shifted to the suburbs .

The customer may leave the store because a desired item was not in stock , thereby not purchasing anything else ; that means the stock-out cost would equal the margin on all the products the customer would have otherwise purchased .
the customer may leave the store because a desired item was not in stock , thereby not [buying] anything else ; that means the stock-out cost would equal the margin on all the products the customer would have otherwise purchased .

Wholesaler-jobber enterprises of the time , such as Field , Leiter and Company in Chicago ( which later became Marshall Field and Company ) , required both a purchasing organization and an extensive traveling sales force to sell to the scattered general stores in smaller cities and country towns .
wholesaler-jobber enterprises of the time , such as field , leiter and company in chicago ( which later became marshall field and company ) , required both a [buying] organization and an extensive traveling sales force to sell to the scattered general stores in smaller cities and country towns .

By building comparable purchasing organizations they could buy directly from manufacturers and develop a higher stock-turn than the jobbers .
by building comparable [buying] organizations they could buy directly from manufacturers and develop a higher stock-turn than the jobbers .

One way to increase quality is to control fabric purchasing , marker-making , spreading , cutting , and parts preparation in a central facility .
one way to increase quality is to control fabric [buying] , marker-making , spreading , cutting , and parts preparation in a central facility .

Those that do have computer equipment say that the consistency of cutting was their primary reason for purchasing computer-driven cutting systems .
those that do have computer equipment say that the consistency of cutting was their primary reason for [buying] computer-driven cutting systems .

For example , the Secretary of Labor has used his or her “ bully pulpit ” to call attention to the problem , urging the public , retailers , and manufacturers to avoid purchasing products made in workplaces that do not meet the standards.27 Various reports have also publicized government enforcement actions to deter contractors , jobbers , manufacturers , and retailers from violating the standards , such as the release of a series of government reports on the extent of violations and the penalties assessed against violators.28 In yet another example , Duke University ’ s adoption of a code of conduct to ensure that apparel items bearing the university ’ s name are not made in sweatshops has received public support .
for example , the secretary of labor has used his or her “ bully pulpit ” to call attention to the problem , urging the public , retailers , and manufacturers to avoid [buying] products made in workplaces that do not meet the standards.27 various reports have also publicized government enforcement actions to deter contractors , jobbers , manufacturers , and retailers from violating the standards , such as the release of a series of government reports on the extent of violations and the penalties assessed against violators.28 in yet another example , duke university ’ s adoption of a code of conduct to ensure that apparel items bearing the university ’ s name are not made in sweatshops has received public support .

Other technological innovations , including steel construction , plate glass , and the Otis elevator , allowed retailers to expand multi-story floor space without purchasing more real estate , providing for a more varied collection of products .
other technological innovations , including steel construction , plate glass , and the otis elevator , allowed retailers to expand multi-story floor space without [buying] more real estate , providing for a more varied collection of products .

In addition to effective buyers and merchandising , successful traditional retailers relied on a third element : purchasing products at low costs through buying power ( volume or cash position ) , or via access to the cheapest domestic and international sources for apparel .
in addition to effective buyers and merchandising , successful traditional retailers relied on a third element : [buying] products at low costs through buying power ( volume or cash position ) , or via access to the cheapest domestic and international sources for apparel .

Through their buying power , traditional retailers could dramatically lower the direct costs of procurement and , in the process , usurp the role of wholesalers in the apparel distribution system.9 Purchasing in large quantities for their stores , however , subjected retailers to the attendant risk of selling “ perishable ” products like apparel .
through their buying power , traditional retailers could dramatically lower the direct costs of procurement and , in the process , usurp the role of wholesalers in the apparel distribution system.9 [buying] in large quantities for their stores , however , subjected retailers to the attendant risk of selling “ perishable ” products like apparel .

Wal-Mart is the most well known of the early lean retailers.29 Traditional mass merchants sought cost advantage through economies of purchasing scale .
wal-mart is the most well known of the early lean retailers.29 traditional mass merchants sought cost advantage through economies of [buying] scale .

This was the pilón , a type of dividend given to the client for purchasing from the same merchant .
this was the pilón , a type of dividend given to the client for [buying] from the same merchant .

Bring along an extra bag to hold your purchases ; compare prices at home to make sure you find actual bargains ; find out beforehand the names of local authorized dealers , especially if you want to buy high-priced electronic equipment and wish to reduce the risk of purchasing counterfeit merchandise ; and give yourself plenty of time to shop so you can compare prices .
bring along an extra bag to hold your purchases ; compare prices at home to make sure you find actual bargains ; find out beforehand the names of local authorized dealers , especially if you want to buy high-priced electronic equipment and wish to reduce the risk of [buying] counterfeit merchandise ; and give yourself plenty of time to shop so you can compare prices .

After purchasing a combined entrance ticket from a nearby stone kiosk for all the major structures on the Temple Mount , climb the steps to the Dome of the Rock .
after [buying] a combined entrance ticket from a nearby stone kiosk for all the major structures on the temple mount , climb the steps to the dome of the rock .

Always ask to see the manufacturer ’ s guarantee when purchasing watches , cameras , and audio-visual and electronic equipment .
always ask to see the manufacturer ’ s guarantee when [buying] watches , cameras , and audio-visual and electronic equipment .

Before purchasing , visitors should make sure of compatibility with systems in their own countries .
before [buying] , visitors should make sure of compatibility with systems in their own countries .

It is also an area favored by backpackers lured by cheap hotels and restaurants and the chance of purchasing discounted air tickets .
it is also an area favored by backpackers lured by cheap hotels and restaurants and the chance of [buying] discounted air tickets .

Make certain to look for the Agave Azul ( 100 % blue agave ) legend on the bottle to ensure you are purchasing Tequila ’ s best .
make certain to look for the agave azul ( 100 % blue agave ) legend on the bottle to ensure you are [buying] tequila ’ s best .

Typical examples are the costs of automation support , communications , postage , process engineering , and purchasing .
typical examples are the costs of automation support , communications , postage , process engineering , and [buying] .

The agency would require the purchasing office to notify the central office ( where payment certification took place ) within 20 days of the receipt of the invoice only in instances where the actual receipt of goods differed from the order , thus affecting payment .
the agency would require the [buying] office to notify the central office ( where payment certification took place ) within 20 days of the receipt of the invoice only in instances where the actual receipt of goods differed from the order , thus affecting payment .

To ensure that the purchasing offices compared invoices to receiving reports subsequent to payment authorization , the agency would regularly examine statistical samples of paid invoices , provide adequate training for personnel , and regularly review implementation of controls .
to ensure that the [buying] offices compared invoices to receiving reports subsequent to payment authorization , the agency would regularly examine statistical samples of paid invoices , provide adequate training for personnel , and regularly review implementation of controls .

In developing the Signature 600 , Cummins used cross-functional design teams that included stakeholders from suppliers , machine tool manufacturers , foundry and pattern makers , purchasing , finance , manufacturing engineering , design engineering , and other technical disciplines .
in developing the signature 600 , cummins used cross-functional design teams that included stakeholders from suppliers , machine tool manufacturers , foundry and pattern makers , [buying] , finance , manufacturing engineering , design engineering , and other technical disciplines .

This requires establishing a supplier base and purchasing materials .
this requires establishing a supplier base and [buying] materials .

Investors have the option of purchasing the fund 's shares after reviewing the profile or after requesting and reviewing the fund 's prospectus .
investors have the option of [buying] the fund 's shares after reviewing the profile or after requesting and reviewing the fund 's prospectus .

Incremental purchasing may limit risks by identifying problems earlier , which allows for easier change or correction .
incremental [buying] may limit risks by identifying problems earlier , which allows for easier change or correction .

Assuming inflation remains at current rates through 2001 , almost $ 450 million is required in FY01 to maintain the purchasing power ( and services ) of the FY95 level .
assuming inflation remains at current rates through 2001 , almost $ 450 million is required in fy01 to maintain the [buying] power ( and services ) of the fy95 level .

Thus , by using this evaluation technique , we are able to avoid the need for obtaining productive hourly costs translated into dollars using purchasing power parities .
thus , by using this evaluation technique , we are able to avoid the need for obtaining productive hourly costs translated into dollars using [buying] power parities .

ESTIMATED UNIT COSTS In order to compare unit costs , it is desirable to make the adjustments we have discussed above plus an adjustment for productive hourly wage in purchasing power parities ( PPP ) .
estimated unit costs in order to compare unit costs , it is desirable to make the adjustments we have discussed above plus an adjustment for productive hourly wage in [buying] power parities ( ppp ) .

We have used the Purchasing Power Parity ( PPP ) of 1,677 liras per U.S. dollar to convert the 1999 Italian statistics reported in Italian liras .
we have used the [buying] power parity ( ppp ) of 1,677 liras per u.s. dollar to convert the 1999 italian statistics reported in italian liras .

The total costs for national postal systems other than the U.S. are expressed in purchasing power parities .
the total costs for national postal systems other than the u.s. are expressed in [buying] power parities .

Note : Expressed in U.S. dollars based on purchasing power parities .
note : expressed in u.s. dollars based on [buying] power parities .

He helped them with plane tickets , traveler 's checks , and hotel reservations ; he also taught them about everyday aspects of life in the West , such as purchasing clothes and ordering food .
he helped them with plane tickets , traveler 's checks , and hotel reservations ; he also taught them about everyday aspects of life in the west , such as [buying] clothes and ordering food .

For Jarrah purchasing a vehicle , see FBI briefing materials , Penttbom , Dec. 10-11 , 2003 , p. 150 ( citing 265A-NY- 280350-302 , serials 21113 , 66098 ) .
for jarrah [buying] a vehicle , see fbi briefing materials , penttbom , dec. 10-11 , 2003 , p. 150 ( citing 265a-ny- 280350-302 , serials 21113 , 66098 ) .

Some opportunities were also delayed—not lost—through too slow an adaptation of the JSTOR purchasing model for selling outside the United States , the United Kingdom being the exception .
some opportunities were also delayed—not lost—through too slow an adaptation of the jstor [buying] model for selling outside the united states , the united kingdom being the exception .

Something that is less well recognised is that this system is an enormously inefficient way of purchasing R & D .
something that is less well recognised is that this system is an enormously inefficient way of [buying] r & d .

Thousands of Hoosier motorists have been doing just that by purchasing environmental license plates .
thousands of hoosier motorists have been doing just that by [buying] environmental license plates .

The Limberlost is one of more than 75 projects in which you have invested by purchasing an environmental license plate .
the limberlost is one of more than 75 projects in which you have invested by [buying] an environmental license plate .

I can not emphasize enough how vital your support is , not only in providing scholarships , but also in meeting a wide variety of needs ranging from purchasing additional computer terminals to travel for our moot court team .
i can not emphasize enough how vital your support is , not only in providing scholarships , but also in meeting a wide variety of needs ranging from [buying] additional computer terminals to travel for our moot court team .

Every time we help someone find a solution to their employment barrier , the positive effects radiate throughout our community : The business community welcomes not only another worker , but a consumer with increased purchasing power .
every time we help someone find a solution to their employment barrier , the positive effects radiate throughout our community : the business community welcomes not only another worker , but a consumer with increased [buying] power .

The law school 's needs range from purchasing additional computer terminals to paying travel costs of our moot court teams and from refurbishing the Gray Lounge to purchasing necessary reference materials for the library .
the law school 's needs range from [buying] additional computer terminals to paying travel costs of our moot court teams and from refurbishing the gray lounge to [buying] necessary reference materials for the library .

From negotiating art loans from museums nationally and internationally to purchasing teacher kits , flowering shrubs , and even lightbulbs -your gift to the Annual Campaign makes possible all you do and see at the IMA .
from negotiating art loans from museums nationally and internationally to [buying] teacher kits , flowering shrubs , and even lightbulbs -your gift to the annual campaign makes possible all you do and see at the ima .

Your continued support of the law school is vital , not only in providing scholarships , but also in meeting a variety of needs ranging from purchasing additional computer terminals to travel for our moot court team .
your continued support of the law school is vital , not only in providing scholarships , but also in meeting a variety of needs ranging from [buying] additional computer terminals to travel for our moot court team .

It is a store that knows yuppie materialism is a kind of materialism that thinks of itself as anti-materialistic , because yuppies tend to confuse their restless pursuit of Authenticity when purchasing retail goods with an indifference to material things .
it is a store that knows yuppie materialism is a kind of materialism that thinks of itself as anti-materialistic , because yuppies tend to confuse their restless pursuit of authenticity when [buying] retail goods with an indifference to material things .

To refrain from purchasing one would insult the working class and dishonor the labor of our fathers ' fathers !
to refrain from [buying] one would insult the working class and dishonor the labor of our fathers ' fathers !

There are only `` a few of us who possess a stout enough psychological profile to allow ourselves or even imagine ourselves purchasing a big cushy wonder boy or girl reclining chair . ''
there are only `` a few of us who possess a stout enough psychological profile to allow ourselves or even imagine ourselves [buying] a big cushy wonder boy or girl reclining chair . ''

Clinton has denied ever having met the woman , but perhaps the Star can get Miss Manners to rule on whether purchasing sex from someone qualifies as a formal introduction .
clinton has denied ever having met the woman , but perhaps the star can get miss manners to rule on whether [buying] sex from someone qualifies as a formal introduction .

The cover story says that megabillionaire and stock-picking legend Warren Buffett has quietly shifted his focus from buying individual stocks to purchasing companies .
the cover story says that megabillionaire and stock-picking legend warren buffett has quietly shifted his focus from buying individual stocks to [buying] companies .

Normally , presidential candidates try to build on momentum created in the `` free media '' by purchasing ads .
normally , presidential candidates try to build on momentum created in the `` free media '' by [buying] ads .

Second , if they do n't keep wages and purchasing power low , they will have trouble attracting the foreign investment they require , both to service debt and to finance growth . ''
second , if they do n't keep wages and [buying] power low , they will have trouble attracting the foreign investment they require , both to service debt and to finance growth . ''

As a result , the already meager international purchasing power of China 's rock-bottom wages is suppressed even further .
as a result , the already meager international [buying] power of china 's rock-bottom wages is suppressed even further .

Purchasing information : The Arcopedico is sold at many prices under various names .
[buying] information : the arcopedico is sold at many prices under various names .

Purchasing information : I ordered the Tush-Cush from the Harmony catalog for $ 40 , plus $ 6.95 shipping .
[buying] information : i ordered the tush-cush from the harmony catalog for $ 40 , plus $ 6.95 shipping .

Purchasing information : $ 79.90 for the pair , plus $ 10.95 shipping , from Real Goods .
[buying] information : $ 79.90 for the pair , plus $ 10.95 shipping , from real goods .

Purchasing information : The pillow is available under a variety of names ( Pressure Relaxation Latex Foam , BetterNeck Visco-Elastic Pillows , etc . ) .
[buying] information : the pillow is available under a variety of names ( pressure relaxation latex foam , betterneck visco-elastic pillows , etc . ) .

Purchasing information : The Ionic Hair Wand is available from the Sharper Image for $ 39 , plus $ 8.95 shipping .
[buying] information : the ionic hair wand is available from the sharper image for $ 39 , plus $ 8.95 shipping .

Purchasing information : I ordered a box of 12 double patches from the SelfCare catalog for $ 50 , plus $ 4.25 shipping .
[buying] information : i ordered a box of 12 double patches from the selfcare catalog for $ 50 , plus $ 4.25 shipping .

The premise of `` The Norplant Option , '' by Stuart Taylor Jr. , reminds me of the plan my township put into effect in the mid-'70s to protect and preserve prime farmland by purchasing the development rights .
the premise of `` the norplant option , '' by stuart taylor jr. , reminds me of the plan my township put into effect in the mid-'70s to protect and preserve prime farmland by [buying] the development rights .

Put another way , why would , say , a ticket stub to the rockumentary Hype be arts-index-worthy , but purchasing the soundtrack would not ?
put another way , why would , say , a ticket stub to the rockumentary hype be arts-index-worthy , but [buying] the soundtrack would not ?

Grotesque examples : $ 20,000 watches , $ 14,000 bags , $ 5,800 bottles of wine , and $ 3,000 sweaters are popular items , and some thirtysomethings are purchasing $ 10-million apartments -- with cash .
grotesque examples : $ 20,000 watches , $ 14,000 bags , $ 5,800 bottles of wine , and $ 3,000 sweaters are popular items , and some thirtysomethings are [buying] $ 10-million apartments -- with cash .

Grotesque examples : $ 20,000 watches , $ 14,000 bags , $ 5,800 bottles of wine , and $ 3,000 sweaters are popular items , and some thirtysomethings are purchasing $ 10-million apartments -- with cash .
grotesque examples : $ 20,000 watches , $ 14,000 bags , $ 5,800 bottles of wine , and $ 3,000 sweaters are popular items , and some thirtysomethings are [buying] $ 10-million apartments -- with cash .

Inflation , however , would turn that into a 9 percent cut in annual purchasing power .
inflation , however , would turn that into a 9 percent cut in annual [buying] power .

My point is that the increasing cultural attractiveness of one-click purchasing increases the cultural attractiveness of one-rate taxation .
my point is that the increasing cultural attractiveness of one-click [buying] increases the cultural attractiveness of one-rate taxation .

A Case deputy , Ted Leonsis , has become a local celebrity by purchasing the Washington Capitals hockey team .
a case deputy , ted leonsis , has become a local celebrity by [buying] the washington capitals hockey team .

You can sell the store credit , at a small discount of course , to a friend who you know is in need of purchasing whatever .
you can sell the store credit , at a small discount of course , to a friend who you know is in need of [buying] whatever .

For example , Design Benefit Plans charges 35 percent extra to individuals purchasing policies under the new law , and the paper quotes Rep. Pete Stark as saying that insurers in many states are charging $ 6,000 to people with pre-existing conditions .
for example , design benefit plans charges 35 percent extra to individuals [buying] policies under the new law , and the paper quotes rep. pete stark as saying that insurers in many states are charging $ 6,000 to people with pre-existing conditions .

After praising Garten for taking seriously the possibility that `` the growing ability of the 10 to produce sophisticated goods and services at rock-bottom prices could drag down the standard of living of even affluent , well-educated Americans , '' Tonelson chided him for imagining that developing countries , China included , would provide important new markets for advanced-country exports : `` [ C ] onsumer markets in these emerging countries are likely to stay small for decades ... if they do n't keep wages and purchasing power low , they will have trouble attracting the foreign investment they require , both to service debt and to finance growth . ''
after praising garten for taking seriously the possibility that `` the growing ability of the 10 to produce sophisticated goods and services at rock-bottom prices could drag down the standard of living of even affluent , well-educated americans , '' tonelson chided him for imagining that developing countries , china included , would provide important new markets for advanced-country exports : `` [ c ] onsumer markets in these emerging countries are likely to stay small for decades ... if they do n't keep wages and [buying] power low , they will have trouble attracting the foreign investment they require , both to service debt and to finance growth . ''

In terms of the ability to buy almost anything except gold , the purchasing power of the rich has soared ; but Wanniski insists that this is irrelevant , because gold , and only gold , is the true standard of value .
in terms of the ability to buy almost anything except gold , the [buying] power of the rich has soared ; but wanniski insists that this is irrelevant , because gold , and only gold , is the true standard of value .

Although I have never seen that TV show either , I have been regularly purchasing assorted Pokémon merchandise for my two crazy nephews .
although i have never seen that tv show either , i have been regularly [buying] assorted pokémon merchandise for my two crazy nephews .

Hazel Grizzleslope , a retired bagger for the Piggly Wiggly grocery in Murfreesboro , Tenn. , said that she spotted Mr. Gore in the store on Dec. 16 , 1972 , purchasing 17 bags of Dorito 's and three boxes of Hostess cupcakes .
hazel grizzleslope , a retired bagger for the piggly wiggly grocery in murfreesboro , tenn. , said that she spotted mr. gore in the store on dec. 16 , 1972 , [buying] 17 bags of dorito 's and three boxes of hostess cupcakes .

The AFL-CIO says the WTO should be reined in to preserve `` workers ' rights '' and to `` protect the ability of governments , at all levels , to use their purchasing power to reinforce their values and standards . ''
the afl-cio says the wto should be reined in to preserve `` workers ' rights '' and to `` protect the ability of governments , at all levels , to use their [buying] power to reinforce their values and standards . ''

It has turned its back on the five boroughs to become a national newspaper , even purchasing the Boston Globe , while the Post has burrowed deeper locally .
it has turned its back on the five boroughs to become a national newspaper , even [buying] the boston globe , while the post has burrowed deeper locally .

If you noticed , Gore did n't offer not to spend the money that would be saved by not purchasing TV or radio ads .
if you noticed , gore did n't offer not to spend the money that would be saved by not [buying] tv or radio ads .

Purchasing Linux in a book , I must admit , was a second resort .
[buying] linux in a book , i must admit , was a second resort .

Instead of watching TV , I made a fresh start by purchasing a newer version of Linux .
instead of watching tv , i made a fresh start by [buying] a newer version of linux .

Many reviewers are fascinated by the sociological details of retail shopping -- things like the `` butt brush factor '' ( a woman often wo n't buy something if another customer accidentally brushes her behind while she 's shopping ) or how the positions of signs and chairs in a store affect a shopper 's likelihood of actually purchasing an item .
many reviewers are fascinated by the sociological details of retail shopping -- things like the `` butt brush factor '' ( a woman often wo n't buy something if another customer accidentally brushes her behind while she 's shopping ) or how the positions of signs and chairs in a store affect a shopper 's likelihood of actually [buying] an item .

Cognizant of the perils of purchasing stationery , I start at the top , Cartier -- arguably the snootiest stationer around .
cognizant of the perils of [buying] stationery , i start at the top , cartier -- arguably the snootiest stationer around .

Suppose I could insidiously find out enough about you to influence every purchasing decision you make .
suppose i could insidiously find out enough about you to influence every [buying] decision you make .

In other words , advertisers , as a group , think that affecting the purchasing decisions of an entire household of average eyeballs is worth $ 1,000 per year .
in other words , advertisers , as a group , think that affecting the [buying] decisions of an entire household of average eyeballs is worth $ 1,000 per year .

The idea behind shops like these is to make obtaining the materials of sexual experimentation as ordinary as purchasing plumbing supplies or housewares .
the idea behind shops like these is to make obtaining the materials of sexual experimentation as ordinary as [buying] plumbing supplies or housewares .

Even so , big-market teams like the Orioles , Braves , and Yankees stay in contention by purchasing free agents , so two years ago MLB assuaged complaints about the rich/poor gap with a moderate revenue-sharing scheme .
even so , big-market teams like the orioles , braves , and yankees stay in contention by [buying] free agents , so two years ago mlb assuaged complaints about the rich/poor gap with a moderate revenue-sharing scheme .

Like their soul mates in Montana , ROT members have also issued $ 3 million worth of bad checks , purchasing weapons , computers , and provisions .
like their soul mates in montana , rot members have also issued $ 3 million worth of bad checks , [buying] weapons , computers , and provisions .

( the argument goes ) the 1970s inflation taught investors the brutal lesson that there is no safety in bonds : Your investment can evaporate if interest rates rise , or if inflation devalues the bonds ' purchasing power .
( the argument goes ) the 1970s inflation taught investors the brutal lesson that there is no safety in bonds : your investment can evaporate if interest rates rise , or if inflation devalues the bonds ' [buying] power .

The CPI 's overcounting of inflation during those 13 years means that the IRS thinks people 's purchasing power is about 20 percent less than it actually is .
the cpi 's overcounting of inflation during those 13 years means that the irs thinks people 's [buying] power is about 20 percent less than it actually is .

Unlike the others , the Wall Street Journal highlights the economy 's fundamentals , running a piece noting that the three economic reports released yesterday -- the index of leading economic indicators , one on construction spending , and a purchasing index -- show a slow-down , but `` nowhere near a recession . ''
unlike the others , the wall street journal highlights the economy 's fundamentals , running a piece noting that the three economic reports released yesterday -- the index of leading economic indicators , one on construction spending , and a [buying] index -- show a slow-down , but `` nowhere near a recession . ''

Workers ' issues center on concern about a decreasing role in management , manufacturing and purchasing decisions , and the outsourcing of work to other GM divisions and outside suppliers .
workers ' issues center on concern about a decreasing role in management , manufacturing and [buying] decisions , and the outsourcing of work to other gm divisions and outside suppliers .

In Britain tenner , tanner , bob , oncer , guinea , quid , and other terms were in common use in conversation when purchasing an item .
in britain tenner , tanner , bob , oncer , guinea , quid , and other terms were in common use in conversation when [buying] an item .

American dictionaries based their counts on “ entries , ” a generously defined , arbitrarily artificial term cooked up between the G. & C. Merriam Company and the US Treasury Department during the 1930s ( when that governmental department was responsible for purchasing , a function now performed by the General Services Administration ) .
american dictionaries based their counts on “ entries , ” a generously defined , arbitrarily artificial term cooked up between the g. & c. merriam company and the us treasury department during the 1930s ( when that governmental department was responsible for [buying] , a function now performed by the general services administration ) .

