Hartman , purchased by the A's from the Milwaukee Braves last fall , allowed no hits in his scoreless three-inning appearance , and merited the triumph .
hartman , [bought] by the a's from the milwaukee braves last fall , allowed no hits in his scoreless three-inning appearance , and merited the triumph .

Kowalski , a roofer who seldom worked last winter , already was in arrears on their recently purchased split-level home when the tragedy staggered him with medical and funeral bills .
kowalski , a roofer who seldom worked last winter , already was in arrears on their recently [bought] split-level home when the tragedy staggered him with medical and funeral bills .

A two-family house at 255 Brook Street has been purchased by Brown University from Lawrence J. Sullivan , according to a deed filed Monday at City Hall .
a two-family house at 255 brook street has been [bought] by brown university from lawrence j. sullivan , according to a deed filed monday at city hall .

Murray makes a complete line of ginning equipment except for driers and cleaners , and this machinery is purchased from a Dallas-based firm .
murray makes a complete line of ginning equipment except for driers and cleaners , and this machinery is [bought] from a dallas-based firm .

But during the second half of the century its fortunes reached a low point and when in 1897 Cyrus H. K. Curtis purchased it -- `` paper , type , and all '' -- for $1,000 it was a 16-page weekly filled with unsigned fiction and initialed miscellany , and with only some 2,000 subscribers .
but during the second half of the century its fortunes reached a low point and when in 1897 cyrus h. k. curtis [bought] it -- `` paper , type , and all '' -- for $1,000 it was a 16-page weekly filled with unsigned fiction and initialed miscellany , and with only some 2,000 subscribers .

they simply could no longer be purchased for missionary purposes .
they simply could no longer be [bought] for missionary purposes .

Dried fruits are purchased from sources where they are neither sulphured nor sprayed .
dried fruits are [bought] from sources where they are neither sulphured nor sprayed .

Since the land he desired lay within the great northern empire of the Hudson's Bay Company , he purchased great blocks of the Comany's stock with the view to controlling its policies .
since the land he desired lay within the great northern empire of the hudson's bay company , he [bought] great blocks of the comany's stock with the view to controlling its policies .

The Company maintained a store at which products of England could be purchased and brought in goods for the new merchants on the understanding that they refrain from trading in furs .
the company maintained a store at which products of england could be [bought] and brought in goods for the new merchants on the understanding that they refrain from trading in furs .

Later , browsing in an old issue of the Gazette Des Beaux-Arts , she found a description of a handsome gilt pier-table purchased in 1817 by President James Monroe .
later , browsing in an old issue of the gazette des beaux-arts , she found a description of a handsome gilt pier-table [bought] in 1817 by president james monroe .

The Government of India agrees that it will take all possible measures to prevent the resale or transshipment to other countries or the use for other than domestic purposes ( except where such resale , transshipment or use is specifically approved by the Government of the United States of America ) , of the surplus agricultural commodities purchased pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement , and to assure that the purchase of such commodities does not result in increased availability of these or like commodities for export from India .
the government of india agrees that it will take all possible measures to prevent the resale or transshipment to other countries or the use for other than domestic purposes ( except where such resale , transshipment or use is specifically approved by the government of the united states of america ) , of the surplus agricultural commodities [bought] pursuant to the provisions of this agreement , and to assure that the purchase of such commodities does not result in increased availability of these or like commodities for export from india .

In addition , land has been purchased to permit doubling the size of the plant in the future .
in addition , land has been [bought] to permit doubling the size of the plant in the future .

It may seem to some of them that success can be purchased much less dearly by fishing in the murky waters of international politics than by facing up to the intractable tasks at home .
it may seem to some of them that success can be [bought] much less dearly by fishing in the murky waters of international politics than by facing up to the intractable tasks at home .

On February 17 , Russell and Cook were sent to the Pena Flor community on the Vermejo to see about renting out ranches the company had purchased .
on february 17 , russell and cook were sent to the pena flor community on the vermejo to see about renting out ranches the company had [bought] .

Half a mile below at the mouth of Salyer's Canyon was an old ranch that the company had purchased from A. J. Armstrong , occupied by a Mexican , his wife , and an old trapper .
half a mile below at the mouth of salyer's canyon was an old ranch that the company had [bought] from a. j. armstrong , occupied by a mexican , his wife , and an old trapper .

From 1896 until 1910 John H. Whipple was manager of Western Union at the Center in the drugstore he purchased from Clark Wait .
from 1896 until 1910 john h. whipple was manager of western union at the center in the drugstore he [bought] from clark wait .

Manchester then had two competing power companies until 1904 , when the Manchester Light and Power Company purchased the transmission system of the Vail Company .
manchester then had two competing power companies until 1904 , when the manchester light and power company [bought] the transmission system of the vail company .

The dog refused to be scared off , so Kahler had purchased some small firecrackers .
the dog refused to be scared off , so kahler had [bought] some small firecrackers .

Sol Phillips had purchased the Alliance Furniture Mart seventeen years ago .
sol phillips had [bought] the alliance furniture mart seventeen years ago .

When he returned home , the station wagon loaded with tools , Jinny had gone with a friend to some meeting in the village , using the recently purchased second car .
when he returned home , the station wagon loaded with tools , jinny had gone with a friend to some meeting in the village , using the recently [bought] second car .

Similar groceries were then purchased in Tesco 's at Abingdon in Oxfordshire .
similar groceries were then [bought] in tesco 's at abingdon in oxfordshire .

They have pointed out that it will be difficult , if not impossible , for the commission to differentiate between store lambs bought for export and those purchased by other farmers .
they have pointed out that it will be difficult , if not impossible , for the commission to differentiate between store lambs bought for export and those [bought] by other farmers .

Mr Faulks said in addition there was a large amount of recently purchased property including perfume , clothing and silks and an airline ticket for Tehran worth £707 in the name of Yousefi .
mr faulks said in addition there was a large amount of recently [bought] property including perfume , clothing and silks and an airline ticket for tehran worth £707 in the name of yousefi .

It was to have been compulsorily purchased to make way for the final stage of the inner ring road until that scheme was dropped .
it was to have been compulsorily [bought] to make way for the final stage of the inner ring road until that scheme was dropped .

The unit general manager responsible for that hospital has made it clear more than once that if additional baby heaters were needed they would be purchased out of the hospital budget .
the unit general manager responsible for that hospital has made it clear more than once that if additional baby heaters were needed they would be [bought] out of the hospital budget .

The new company is called Tulloch Timber ( Nairn ) , but yesterday the operations director , Tony Mitchell , of Nairn , stressed that it no longer had any connections with the Tulloch Group , from which it had been purchased .
the new company is called tulloch timber ( nairn ) , but yesterday the operations director , tony mitchell , of nairn , stressed that it no longer had any connections with the tulloch group , from which it had been [bought] .

However , the finest study for a painting — and the fabulous moment in the show — does not emanate from Holkham but is a Raphael drawing acquired by our National Gallery through private treaty , and purchased not via national funding bodies alone but from the legacies of the late Keith Andrews ( Print Room Keeper 1958-85 , a devoted scholar and delightful personality ) and his sister Rene .
however , the finest study for a painting — and the fabulous moment in the show — does not emanate from holkham but is a raphael drawing acquired by our national gallery through private treaty , and [bought] not via national funding bodies alone but from the legacies of the late keith andrews ( print room keeper 1958-85 , a devoted scholar and delightful personality ) and his sister rene .

He told vets : ‘ How much can certification tell us ? Farmers are worried now with the ‘ open borders ’ that there is a possibility of importing diseases , in particular Johne 's Disease , which would n't manifest itself until two or three years after animals had been purchased .
he told vets : ‘ how much can certification tell us ? farmers are worried now with the ‘ open borders ’ that there is a possibility of importing diseases , in particular johne 's disease , which would n't manifest itself until two or three years after animals had been [bought] .

Clough , in fact , will become the 13th player Souness has purchased for £1m or more since he took over at Rangers in April 1986 .
clough , in fact , will become the 13th player souness has [bought] for £1m or more since he took over at rangers in april 1986 .

This is designed to show month-to-month changes in average prices of goods and services purchased by households .
this is designed to show month-to-month changes in average prices of goods and services [bought] by households .

In turn , an eligible bank is one whose acceptances will be rediscounted by the Bank of England , that is will be purchased by the Bank from the discount house holding them .
in turn , an eligible bank is one whose acceptances will be rediscounted by the bank of england , that is will be [bought] by the bank from the discount house holding them .

Having decided which , if any , offers to accept , the Bank will publish , as at all times of assistance , the amount and types of bills purchased , with the appropriate maturity bands and spread of discount rates given .
having decided which , if any , offers to accept , the bank will publish , as at all times of assistance , the amount and types of bills [bought] , with the appropriate maturity bands and spread of discount rates given .

Suits , waistcoats , shirts and collars could , the message painted on the window assured him , be purchased by the discerning gentleman .
suits , waistcoats , shirts and collars could , the message painted on the window assured him , be [bought] by the discerning gentleman .

Latest costings showed his cows giving 9,595 litres of milk with a margin over purchased feed of £1,545 and a gross margin per hectare at a ‘ staggering ’ £4,611 .
latest costings showed his cows giving 9,595 litres of milk with a margin over [bought] feed of £1,545 and a gross margin per hectare at a ‘ staggering ’ £4,611 .

And as a result of that we really have got overcapacity which we 've declared publicly so , you know , we 're not saying anything different today than what we said when we first purchased the business in July and August .
and as a result of that we really have got overcapacity which we 've declared publicly so , you know , we 're not saying anything different today than what we said when we first [bought] the business in july and august .

Aggressive price promotions , such as Star Buys and Multisavas were joined by Link Savas , offering substantial savings when two complementary products are purchased together .
aggressive price promotions , such as star buys and multisavas were joined by link savas , offering substantial savings when two complementary products are [bought] together .

Of the recent English titles issued , most ( 94 % ) had been acquired by copyright deposit , but although the proportion of English titles which had been purchased was small ( 4 % ) , in numerical terms they were three times as numerous as non-English purchases .
of the recent english titles issued , most ( 94 % ) had been acquired by copyright deposit , but although the proportion of english titles which had been [bought] was small ( 4 % ) , in numerical terms they were three times as numerous as non-english purchases .

As Table 7 , below , shows , although the sample of foreign titles was small , it did , as expected , contain a clear preponderance of purchased items .
as table 7 , below , shows , although the sample of foreign titles was small , it did , as expected , contain a clear preponderance of [bought] items .

The group recently purchased the Belton Woods hotel from receivers , while the off-licence operation benefitted from the acquisition of Blayneys chain which has been integrated into Cellar 5 .
the group recently [bought] the belton woods hotel from receivers , while the off-licence operation benefitted from the acquisition of blayneys chain which has been integrated into cellar 5 .

Cattle specialist Chris Elliott said the overall winner had increased his margin over purchased feeds by more than £200 and the margin over concentrate per litre by 2p .
cattle specialist chris elliott said the overall winner had increased his margin over [bought] feeds by more than £200 and the margin over concentrate per litre by 2p .

Families with elderly , incontinent parents , may care to know that waterproof bedding can be purchased from this company .
families with elderly , incontinent parents , may care to know that waterproof bedding can be [bought] from this company .

Removable covers can be purchased for most of the lounge suites on offer .
removable covers can be [bought] for most of the lounge suites on offer .

Furthermore , it is sometimes useful to distinguish between consumption spending ( meaning the actual amount spent on new consumer goods in the current period ) and total consumption ( meaning the ‘ using up ’ of consumer goods — both those purchased in the current period and those purchased in past periods but which are still providing services to the household ) .
furthermore , it is sometimes useful to distinguish between consumption spending ( meaning the actual amount spent on new consumer goods in the current period ) and total consumption ( meaning the ‘ using up ’ of consumer goods — both those [bought] in the current period and those [bought] in past periods but which are still providing services to the household ) .

In year 3 , demand has risen to 3,000 units so that the desired capital stock goes up to thirty machines — since the firm already has twenty , another ten must be purchased .
in year 3 , demand has risen to 3,000 units so that the desired capital stock goes up to thirty machines — since the firm already has twenty , another ten must be [bought] .

It follows that an increase in the rate of interest , which reduces the saleable value of a bond , means a potential capital loss for an investor who purchased the bond at a higher price .
it follows that an increase in the rate of interest , which reduces the saleable value of a bond , means a potential capital loss for an investor who [bought] the bond at a higher price .

Prospecting is the searching for and calling upon customers who , hitherto , have not purchased from the company .
prospecting is the searching for and calling upon customers who , hitherto , have not [bought] from the company .

Other practical information which a salesperson can usefully collect includes the name and position of each key influencer and decision-maker , the times most suitable for interview , the types of competitive products previously purchased by the buying organisation , and any threats to a successful sale or special opportunities afforded by the situation .
other practical information which a salesperson can usefully collect includes the name and position of each key influencer and decision-maker , the times most suitable for interview , the types of competitive products previously [bought] by the buying organisation , and any threats to a successful sale or special opportunities afforded by the situation .

This was because they purchased in bulk , often for delivery to a central depot and placed large orders well in advance of the delivery date , thus enabling the manufacturer to organise production more efficiently .
this was because they [bought] in bulk , often for delivery to a central depot and placed large orders well in advance of the delivery date , thus enabling the manufacturer to organise production more efficiently .

It should not be felt that selling overseas is such a specialist and complex area that the uninitiated must for ever be excluded , or that membership can only be purchased at the expense of having very costly specialist services .
it should not be felt that selling overseas is such a specialist and complex area that the uninitiated must for ever be excluded , or that membership can only be [bought] at the expense of having very costly specialist services .

Much of our raw materials and our food must be purchased in world markets and imported .
much of our raw materials and our food must be [bought] in world markets and imported .

In addition , these carpet superstores predominantly sold cheaper carpets , mainly tufted synthetic carpets purchased from North America .
in addition , these carpet superstores predominantly sold cheaper carpets , mainly tufted synthetic carpets [bought] from north america .

‘ This is not just another retro classic to be purchased as decorative furniture by nostalgia buffs , ’ say Matamp .
‘ this is not just another retro classic to be [bought] as decorative furniture by nostalgia buffs , ’ say matamp .

Many of us probably purchased a camera in the seventies or eighties and it is probably now sitting in a cupboard unused , following the invasion of the small fully-automatic camera .
many of us probably [bought] a camera in the seventies or eighties and it is probably now sitting in a cupboard unused , following the invasion of the small fully-automatic camera .

Similarly , although they show remarkable powers of regeneration in the aquarium , there is a better chance of success if the animal is undamaged when purchased , so it 's wise to look for cuts and splits of any kind , and reject animals that show them .
similarly , although they show remarkable powers of regeneration in the aquarium , there is a better chance of success if the animal is undamaged when [bought] , so it 's wise to look for cuts and splits of any kind , and reject animals that show them .

Prawn nets can be purchased from angling shops .
prawn nets can be [bought] from angling shops .

Battery lamps can be purchased for night use ( from angling or camping shops ) with elastic to tie around your forehead , to keep both hands free when you rapidly haul up the net .
battery lamps can be [bought] for night use ( from angling or camping shops ) with elastic to tie around your forehead , to keep both hands free when you rapidly haul up the net .

No come-back , once you have purchased .
no come-back , once you have [bought] .

He recently purchased some capacitors ( from a well established supplier ) only to find ( on close examination ) that the marked working voltage was well below the advertised value .
he recently [bought] some capacitors ( from a well established supplier ) only to find ( on close examination ) that the marked working voltage was well below the advertised value .

On her visit to Malton , she not only purchased a riding habit in deep , forest-green velvet , but ordered one to be made in a similar material of a light golden-brown colour , to match the shade of her eyes .
on her visit to malton , she not only [bought] a riding habit in deep , forest-green velvet , but ordered one to be made in a similar material of a light golden-brown colour , to match the shade of her eyes .

When first purchased my specimen hardly ventured out of its hidey-hole , a flowerpot , but after a year it can be seen hopping out of its hideout at most times of the day — particularly at feeding times .
when first [bought] my specimen hardly ventured out of its hidey-hole , a flowerpot , but after a year it can be seen hopping out of its hideout at most times of the day — particularly at feeding times .

You are not quite right in assuming that you , the Koi-keeper should quarantine newly purchased fish .
you are not quite right in assuming that you , the koi-keeper should quarantine newly [bought] fish .

You will take away on your course notes , a list of suppliers and an optional materials kit , which can be purchased at a competitive price should you wish to put your new-found skills to further use at home .
you will take away on your course notes , a list of suppliers and an optional materials kit , which can be [bought] at a competitive price should you wish to put your new-found skills to further use at home .

The mercury tilt switch should be available generally , however , if problems do arise , the one in the model was purchased from Electromail , code 337–289 .
the mercury tilt switch should be available generally , however , if problems do arise , the one in the model was [bought] from electromail , code 337–289 .

The electet microphone insert can be purchased with a screened cable already attached , otherwise connect wires to the pads of the insert very carefully , taking care to observe the correct polarity .
the electet microphone insert can be [bought] with a screened cable already attached , otherwise connect wires to the pads of the insert very carefully , taking care to observe the correct polarity .

Trees were planted and picnic seats were purchased , so this now makes a popular place for children and visitors in the summer .
trees were planted and picnic seats were [bought] , so this now makes a popular place for children and visitors in the summer .

In the early 1960s the Hull City Council purchased most of the farming land round the village , and it is surrounded by housing estates , one of which is Bransholme , one of the biggest in the country .
in the early 1960s the hull city council [bought] most of the farming land round the village , and it is surrounded by housing estates , one of which is bransholme , one of the biggest in the country .

The second , known as hypochondriacs , tended to swallow a large number of useless potions purchased from over the chemist 's counter .
the second , known as hypochondriacs , tended to swallow a large number of useless potions [bought] from over the chemist 's counter .

Another detail to be purchased was a small doorstop , as the final location for the tank is behind a door , which could otherwise bump into the stand .
another detail to be [bought] was a small doorstop , as the final location for the tank is behind a door , which could otherwise bump into the stand .

Live foods can be purchased from your aquatic dealer , cultured at home , or caught from the wild .
live foods can be [bought] from your aquatic dealer , cultured at home , or caught from the wild .

Karen Wilson purchased a Porcupine Puffer from the local shop , being told that it would reach just 6″ .
karen wilson [bought] a porcupine puffer from the local shop , being told that it would reach just 6″ .

This voucher entitles the bearer to one free sheet of Shows'n'Rides tickets ( 12 individual tickets ) when one Shows'n'Rides sheet is purchased .
this voucher entitles the bearer to one free sheet of shows'n'rides tickets ( 12 individual tickets ) when one shows'n'rides sheet is [bought] .

They are usually obtainable from publishers and can be purchased singly or in batches , depending on your personal requirements .
they are usually obtainable from publishers and can be [bought] singly or in batches , depending on your personal requirements .

The level of disturbance payment given can also vary according to employees ' domestic circumstances taking into account , for example , moves from unfurnished or furnished rented property to new rented accommodation or moves from rented property to purchased housing .
the level of disturbance payment given can also vary according to employees ' domestic circumstances taking into account , for example , moves from unfurnished or furnished rented property to new rented accommodation or moves from rented property to [bought] housing .

Although it is usual for expatriates to rent housing abroad , some company compensation packages allow for property to be purchased .
although it is usual for expatriates to rent housing abroad , some company compensation packages allow for property to be [bought] .

If they are purchased through a large department store , the shop will send an expert to fix them for a small extra charge .
if they are [bought] through a large department store , the shop will send an expert to fix them for a small extra charge .

The bidet can be ordered through any local chemist selling medical and nursing aids and the plastic bucket can , of course , be purchased from a hardware store .
the bidet can be ordered through any local chemist selling medical and nursing aids and the plastic bucket can , of course , be [bought] from a hardware store .

One of the best things she can do is to invest as much as possible , up to the maximum of £500 , in the government 's index-linked Retirement Certificates , which can be purchased at the Post Office , where information leaflets are available .
one of the best things she can do is to invest as much as possible , up to the maximum of £500 , in the government 's index-linked retirement certificates , which can be [bought] at the post office , where information leaflets are available .

The demand for vins de Pérignon far exceeded supply and , as a consequence , grapes had to be purchased from outside the abbey 's holdings to meet increased production levels .
the demand for vins de pérignon far exceeded supply and , as a consequence , grapes had to be [bought] from outside the abbey 's holdings to meet increased production levels .

Mike Woodhead studied soil-science in Holland and put it to good use when he purchased his wine estate .
mike woodhead studied soil-science in holland and put it to good use when he [bought] his wine estate .

The uniqueness of these localised vines was first recognised at the beginning of the century by Eugène-Aimé Salon , the founder of Champagne Salon ; more recently , in the early 1970s , the house of Krug purchased the entire single-site , wall-enclosed vineyard of ‘ Clos du Mesnil ’ , which is situated inside the village itself .
the uniqueness of these localised vines was first recognised at the beginning of the century by eugène-aimé salon , the founder of champagne salon ; more recently , in the early 1970s , the house of krug [bought] the entire single-site , wall-enclosed vineyard of ‘ clos du mesnil ’ , which is situated inside the village itself .

James Smith from Leeds recently purchased a copy of the legendary Elite , and is after some tips that work .
james smith from leeds recently [bought] a copy of the legendary elite , and is after some tips that work .

If an easel is being purchased specifically for sketching out-of-doors , weight is a major contributing factor to the choice .
if an easel is being [bought] specifically for sketching out-of-doors , weight is a major contributing factor to the choice .

They returned six years later and purchased a corrugated zinc dwelling , and with their two sons became part-time islanders .
they returned six years later and [bought] a corrugated zinc dwelling , and with their two sons became part-time islanders .

Rather surprisingly , the recent The Artist readership survey found that although the cast majority of readers have a video player , not everyone has purchased an instructional art tape .
rather surprisingly , the recent the artist readership survey found that although the cast majority of readers have a video player , not everyone has [bought] an instructional art tape .

Also , unlike a book , you can not browse through a video in the shop , so its content remains a mystery until after you have purchased it and taken it home .
also , unlike a book , you can not browse through a video in the shop , so its content remains a mystery until after you have [bought] it and taken it home .

This can also be granted for machines purchased or leased .
this can also be granted for machines [bought] or leased .

If an easel is being purchased specifically for sketching out-of-doors , weight is a major contributing factor to the choice .
if an easel is being [bought] specifically for sketching out-of-doors , weight is a major contributing factor to the choice .

They returned six years later and purchased a corrugated zinc dwelling , and with their two sons became part-time islanders .
they returned six years later and [bought] a corrugated zinc dwelling , and with their two sons became part-time islanders .

The database is proving to be a powerful tool during the initial stages of mineral exploration programmes , and database products have been purchased by public- and private-sector organisations .
the database is proving to be a powerful tool during the initial stages of mineral exploration programmes , and database products have been [bought] by public- and private-sector organisations .

Purchased out of Tim Forster 's yard three years ago , Paylins has always been perfectly genuine , but his form has improved dramatically since trainer Neville King decided to equip him with blinkers .
[bought] out of tim forster 's yard three years ago , paylins has always been perfectly genuine , but his form has improved dramatically since trainer neville king decided to equip him with blinkers .

Thus , even if we assume that a significant proportion are well supported either by relatives or by services purchased with their own money , it is highly probable that personal social services see only the tip of an iceberg of unmet needs .
thus , even if we assume that a significant proportion are well supported either by relatives or by services [bought] with their own money , it is highly probable that personal social services see only the tip of an iceberg of unmet needs .

We do not know whether the metals were mined and smelted by the smith , or purchased from miners .
we do not know whether the metals were mined and smelted by the smith , or [bought] from miners .

Yet one day , in his early forties , he purchased a large bottle of vodka — in order to prove , he lied to himself , that he was able to resist ‘ the demon drink ’ .
yet one day , in his early forties , he [bought] a large bottle of vodka — in order to prove , he lied to himself , that he was able to resist ‘ the demon drink ’ .

They also purchased new and larger premises and opted for computerisation , all of which was costly .
they also [bought] new and larger premises and opted for computerisation , all of which was costly .

It purchased the Nigerian Daily Times in 1947 and brought great technical improvements to the paper .
it [bought] the nigerian daily times in 1947 and brought great technical improvements to the paper .

In 1951 an elderly transmitter of only 400 watts was purchased at the cost of seventy pounds and aerials were slung between two coconut palms .
in 1951 an elderly transmitter of only 400 watts was [bought] at the cost of seventy pounds and aerials were slung between two coconut palms .

In 1958 , five Irish immigrants to Canada purchased Kirk-Hudson Mines Ltd , a Canadian public company , which they reorganised and renamed Northgate Exploration Ltd .
in 1958 , five irish immigrants to canada [bought] kirk-hudson mines ltd , a canadian public company , which they reorganised and renamed northgate exploration ltd .

As a result , the store where Dinah had purchased her fine things sent a demand for payment to the University , as they were unaware of any other address .
as a result , the store where dinah had [bought] her fine things sent a demand for payment to the university , as they were unaware of any other address .

Hampstead had been purchased with the now substantial royalties from Paul 's books , also the first excursion Dinah had made on to the stage since her marriage and the birth of three children .
hampstead had been [bought] with the now substantial royalties from paul 's books , also the first excursion dinah had made on to the stage since her marriage and the birth of three children .

For the wealthy there were gold bracelets weighed by the market gold merchants and purchased according to weight and the going price of gold , not according to design .
for the wealthy there were gold bracelets weighed by the market gold merchants and [bought] according to weight and the going price of gold , not according to design .

And why did he do it when it was perfectly possible for him to have experimented on any cadaver purchased by him for his medical academy ?
and why did he do it when it was perfectly possible for him to have experimented on any cadaver [bought] by him for his medical academy ?

However , fourteenth-century people were sometimes buried with a purchased Indulgence , and there is at the Ashmolean Museum , Oxford , a small latten figure , not much more than four inches high , of a man in a winding-sheet which might have been enclosed within the folds of the shroud , in the same way that stamped leaden crosses were used up to the seventeenth century , to foil Satan 's attempts to claim the deceased 's soul as his own ; the date of manufacture of the Ashmolean item is indeterminate , but it seems doubtful that such an item would have been produced much after c.1550 .
however , fourteenth-century people were sometimes buried with a [bought] indulgence , and there is at the ashmolean museum , oxford , a small latten figure , not much more than four inches high , of a man in a winding-sheet which might have been enclosed within the folds of the shroud , in the same way that stamped leaden crosses were used up to the seventeenth century , to foil satan 's attempts to claim the deceased 's soul as his own ; the date of manufacture of the ashmolean item is indeterminate , but it seems doubtful that such an item would have been produced much after c.1550 .

They are financed by annual site fees ( paid by the developers ) and annual membership fees ( these are paid by the owners , though it is common for developers to offer free membership for a year or more , depending on the number of weeks purchased ) .
they are financed by annual site fees ( paid by the developers ) and annual membership fees ( these are paid by the owners , though it is common for developers to offer free membership for a year or more , depending on the number of weeks [bought] ) .

Stocks purchased for resale and stocks at managed houses : at the lower of cost and net realizable value .
stocks [bought] for resale and stocks at managed houses : at the lower of cost and net realizable value .

£10,000 was purchased on the open market and cancelled during the year .
£10,000 was [bought] on the open market and cancelled during the year .

Materials were purchased locally .
materials were [bought] locally .

The Board of Anglo-Welsh announces that it has to date purchased 722,000 ordinary shares in Palatine at 285p per share .
the board of anglo-welsh announces that it has to date [bought] 722,000 ordinary shares in palatine at 285p per share .

Well done to everyone who purchased products from the Tesco Nature 's Choice rang and helped raise £15,000 .
well done to everyone who [bought] products from the tesco nature 's choice rang and helped raise £15,000 .

She had heard about Donna Frizzell 's frightful taste in literature , and , though she was herself a member of the Society for the Preservation of Morals and knew why the books had been purchased , she saw no reason to save her neighbour any humiliation , and had expressed suitably shocked surprise .
she had heard about donna frizzell 's frightful taste in literature , and , though she was herself a member of the society for the preservation of morals and knew why the books had been [bought] , she saw no reason to save her neighbour any humiliation , and had expressed suitably shocked surprise .

Wealden ironmasters , and even more so their men , are elusive figures , but a Wadhurst miller , taxed at £4 on land , looks much like John Barharn of Woodlands and Butts who in 1521 purchased Brooklands forge along with Bartley Mill .
wealden ironmasters , and even more so their men , are elusive figures , but a wadhurst miller , taxed at £4 on land , looks much like john barharn of woodlands and butts who in 1521 [bought] brooklands forge along with bartley mill .

The Sidney works and others on great estates did their own coaling , though Ralph Hogge of Buxted purchased fuel from independent colliers and it formed one of the biggest items in his accounts .
the sidney works and others on great estates did their own coaling , though ralph hogge of buxted [bought] fuel from independent colliers and it formed one of the biggest items in his accounts .

Manorial records in general concerned themselves solely with the head tenants ; the name of an undertenant might occur only incidentally , as at Long Crendon in 1535 when the vicar of Thame was presented for letting two tenements by indenture for ten years to William Byrte , from whom , in fact , he had purchased them a few years previously .
manorial records in general concerned themselves solely with the head tenants ; the name of an undertenant might occur only incidentally , as at long crendon in 1535 when the vicar of thame was presented for letting two tenements by indenture for ten years to william byrte , from whom , in fact , he had [bought] them a few years previously .

Six ‘ pounders ’ were purchased , so that the able-bodied men in the workhouse could be employed in the bruising of bones for use in the glue factory ; each man was to process one hundredweight a day .
six ‘ pounders ’ were [bought] , so that the able-bodied men in the workhouse could be employed in the bruising of bones for use in the glue factory ; each man was to process one hundredweight a day .

‘ Manure : that 20 loads of manure be purchased from the military authorities . ’
‘ manure : that 20 loads of manure be [bought] from the military authorities . ’

Work was still provided for the casuals , however , and granite blocks were purchased — the broken stone was to be used for paths at the institution .
work was still provided for the casuals , however , and granite blocks were [bought] — the broken stone was to be used for paths at the institution .

It was recommended that three acres of this ground should be purchased .
it was recommended that three acres of this ground should be [bought] .

Today , such a practice would not be considered particularly unusual ; in the context of 1945 it was novel , more so since the Observer had been purchased in 191 1 to keep it as a ‘ Tory organ ’ .
today , such a practice would not be considered particularly unusual ; in the context of 1945 it was novel , more so since the observer had been [bought] in 191 1 to keep it as a ‘ tory organ ’ .

Whether such a body would succeed would depend on its organization and funding and whether it was able to create vehicles which could survive in the market-place and be purchased by the public .
whether such a body would succeed would depend on its organization and funding and whether it was able to create vehicles which could survive in the market-place and be [bought] by the public .

However , since at this stage you will be unlikely to have purchased one , this really belongs in the category of investment decisions .
however , since at this stage you will be unlikely to have [bought] one , this really belongs in the category of investment decisions .

As the name implies , these are not linked to a company scheme but can be purchased independently from : insurance companies , building societies , banks , unit trusts and friendly societies .
as the name implies , these are not linked to a company scheme but can be [bought] independently from : insurance companies , building societies , banks , unit trusts and friendly societies .

Only property above a minimum ( and pretty exorbitant ) price may be purchased .
only property above a minimum ( and pretty exorbitant ) price may be [bought] .

It may yet prove attractive for one of those two international firms to be purchased , and there would be substantial competition in order to acquire an executive search firm with such a famous international brand name .
it may yet prove attractive for one of those two international firms to be [bought] , and there would be substantial competition in order to acquire an executive search firm with such a famous international brand name .

Rights can be earned ( to a salary at the end of the month or to a place on the Board ) , they can be purchased ( by paying an entrance fee ) , they can be entered into in all sorts of ways ( white has the right to move first in chess ) .
rights can be earned ( to a salary at the end of the month or to a place on the board ) , they can be [bought] ( by paying an entrance fee ) , they can be entered into in all sorts of ways ( white has the right to move first in chess ) .

In August 1989 , Lindholm Aircraft Ltd — an associated company of the Atlantic Group — purchased Miaco 86 Aviation Ltd .
in august 1989 , lindholm aircraft ltd — an associated company of the atlantic group — [bought] miaco 86 aviation ltd .

Unfortunately , despite the specifications and price of the tool , there are none of the nozzle accessories that would exploit the full potential of the machine ; these must be purchased separately .
unfortunately , despite the specifications and price of the tool , there are none of the nozzle accessories that would exploit the full potential of the machine ; these must be [bought] separately .

Around a million kitchens are purchased or upgraded each year in Great Britain .
around a million kitchens are [bought] or upgraded each year in great britain .

If you have purchased the colour changer for your machine , an additional yarn mast and double tension assembly come as part of this .
if you have [bought] the colour changer for your machine , an additional yarn mast and double tension assembly come as part of this .

The Fire Rasbora Rasbora vaterifloris can also be tricky to acclimatise and unconditioned specimens should not be purchased .
the fire rasbora rasbora vaterifloris can also be tricky to acclimatise and unconditioned specimens should not be [bought] .

The water wheel and a fountain operate from a hoselock 1500 pump purchased fro £48 — from an electrical wholesalers ' — with a home-made prefilter made from two planting baskets and a piece of 1–¼″ plastic pipe ( due to the original foam pre-filter blocking every 8 hours or so ) .
the water wheel and a fountain operate from a hoselock 1500 pump [bought] fro £48 — from an electrical wholesalers ' — with a home-made prefilter made from two planting baskets and a piece of 1–¼″ plastic pipe ( due to the original foam pre-filter blocking every 8 hours or so ) .

The two upper ponds are constructed from concrete , sealed and planted with Water Cress ( purchased at Tesco ) , Water Hyacinths and Creeping Jenny .
the two upper ponds are constructed from concrete , sealed and planted with water cress ( [bought] at tesco ) , water hyacinths and creeping jenny .

Word reached him of a Corsair in southern France , and after viewing the airframe , Harris purchased it from the French authorities for $ 1,000 , and shipped it to San Francisco in early 1974 .
word reached him of a corsair in southern france , and after viewing the airframe , harris [bought] it from the french authorities for $ 1,000 , and shipped it to san francisco in early 1974 .

Parts of the aircraft were missing when Harris purchased 133722 , and over the following two years , the tail assembly , engine , engine mount , cowlings , and many other portions of the aircraft had to be located , acquired , modified or made .
parts of the aircraft were missing when harris [bought] 133722 , and over the following two years , the tail assembly , engine , engine mount , cowlings , and many other portions of the aircraft had to be located , acquired , modified or made .

In 1968 , the Kittyhawk was purchased with the intention of returning it to flying condition .
in 1968 , the kittyhawk was [bought] with the intention of returning it to flying condition .

This option is only available if you have purchased the special cable that links the computer to an electronic knitting machine .
this option is only available if you have [bought] the special cable that links the computer to an electronic knitting machine .

Separate holidays for the young and the old can now be purchased .
separate holidays for the young and the old can now be [bought] .

They decided to invoke the Water Resources Act of 1963 , which stated that in order to abstract water from a river to create power an annual licence would have to be purchased .
they decided to invoke the water resources act of 1963 , which stated that in order to abstract water from a river to create power an annual licence would have to be [bought] .

Suppose he discovered that my new slimline look was nothing more than a £19.99 Playtex Secrets girdle purchased in October ?
suppose he discovered that my new slimline look was nothing more than a £19.99 playtex secrets girdle [bought] in october ?

Jim Old 's Al Mutahm , recently purchased by composer Andrew Lloyd Webber , finished runner-up to the useful Staunch Friend here last month , and is sure to go close over this more suitable trip .
jim old 's al mutahm , recently [bought] by composer andrew lloyd webber , finished runner-up to the useful staunch friend here last month , and is sure to go close over this more suitable trip .

Many years ago the company purchased a property for its investment potential , but as a result of the slump in property prices the company could not sell without making a substantial loss .
many years ago the company [bought] a property for its investment potential , but as a result of the slump in property prices the company could not sell without making a substantial loss .

The property was purchased for investment purposes , and is still owned only because of the current property slump .
the property was [bought] for investment purposes , and is still owned only because of the current property slump .

The farmer subsequently purchased 90 ewes and 40 cattle for fattening , and ploughed 37 acres for wheat growing .
the farmer subsequently [bought] 90 ewes and 40 cattle for fattening , and ploughed 37 acres for wheat growing .

Binders can be purchased for £8 ( including postage ) .
binders can be [bought] for £8 ( including postage ) .

Arthur Andersen and Andersen Consulting have reportedly jointly purchased 20,000 copies of the package , with an option to buy 40,000 more .
arthur andersen and andersen consulting have reportedly jointly [bought] 20,000 copies of the package , with an option to buy 40,000 more .

Since 1 August , the self-drive hire firms , private taxis and driving schools have been able to reclaim tax paid on cars purchased for their businesses .
since 1 august , the self-drive hire firms , private taxis and driving schools have been able to reclaim tax paid on cars [bought] for their businesses .

Later in the century many Sri Lankans purchased forest land from the Crown , and villagers also sold much chena land to speculators and capitalists .
later in the century many sri lankans [bought] forest land from the crown , and villagers also sold much chena land to speculators and capitalists .

Much of this land was purchased from the Crown ; other tracts were bought after a shareholder of a garden forced its division and sale .
much of this land was [bought] from the crown ; other tracts were bought after a shareholder of a garden forced its division and sale .

Others were purchased cheaply for agricultural use by villagers who were willing to do without the sale vouchers which were sometimes required by the government .
others were [bought] cheaply for agricultural use by villagers who were willing to do without the sale vouchers which were sometimes required by the government .

It has recently been discovered that the Company purchased a small plot of land on the north-east side of the bridge for use as a permanent way yard .
it has recently been discovered that the company [bought] a small plot of land on the north-east side of the bridge for use as a permanent way yard .

Late in 1917 , to replace a horse drawn vehicle , Croydon Corporation purchased a set of parts from which to construct a battery powered electric tower wagon , costing £921 .
late in 1917 , to replace a horse drawn vehicle , croydon corporation [bought] a set of parts from which to construct a battery powered electric tower wagon , costing £921 .

They were upholstered in Johnston 's grey moquette with a green and black mesh pattern , of which the UndergrounD Group must have purchased many miles in its time ( also used at Bristol , Glasgow and no doubt many other places ) .
they were upholstered in johnston 's grey moquette with a green and black mesh pattern , of which the underground group must have [bought] many miles in its time ( also used at bristol , glasgow and no doubt many other places ) .

Our afternoon was not as enjoyable as it might have been because of a large number of supporters who had to stand alongside our seats in the east stand as they had purchased transfer tickets for seats and there were no seats for them .
our afternoon was not as enjoyable as it might have been because of a large number of supporters who had to stand alongside our seats in the east stand as they had [bought] transfer tickets for seats and there were no seats for them .

The extraordinary debits of £2.55m charged in the group p&l account , analysed in a note to the accounts , include a £57,000 surplus on disposal of assets of Churchill Safes & Security Products Ltd , a £1.098m loss on disposal of assets of Churchill Safes & Security Products Ltd and Tann Synchronome Ltd , and on a separate line £2.999m purchased goodwill in respect of businesses sold .
the extraordinary debits of £2.55m charged in the group p&l account , analysed in a note to the accounts , include a £57,000 surplus on disposal of assets of churchill safes & security products ltd , a £1.098m loss on disposal of assets of churchill safes & security products ltd and tann synchronome ltd , and on a separate line £2.999m [bought] goodwill in respect of businesses sold .

It was further established that Bacon had purchased some arsenic from a shop in Red Lion Square only days before , allegedly to kill rats .
it was further established that bacon had [bought] some arsenic from a shop in red lion square only days before , allegedly to kill rats .

Trafalgar paid less than £3m for it back in 1976 , five years after it purchased Cunard .
trafalgar paid less than £3m for it back in 1976 , five years after it [bought] cunard .

The reduced cost of electricity purchased by the company as well as lower inflation is fuelling the £13m of customer refunds .
the reduced cost of electricity [bought] by the company as well as lower inflation is fuelling the £13m of customer refunds .

To keep initial setting-up costs to a minimum , all the office equipment — fax , personal computer and printer — is being purchased on three-year leases .
to keep initial setting-up costs to a minimum , all the office equipment — fax , personal computer and printer — is being [bought] on three-year leases .

It further suggested that if Fidelity 's true position had been known , then those shares would not have been purchased nor would the eventual bid have been made at the price paid or at all .
it further suggested that if fidelity 's true position had been known , then those shares would not have been [bought] nor would the eventual bid have been made at the price paid or at all .

To be eligible to be purchased by the Bank of England the bills must have an underlying short-term trade finance role , as evidenced by a clause on the face of the bill , and must have been accepted by an ‘ eligible ’ bank .
to be eligible to be [bought] by the bank of england the bills must have an underlying short-term trade finance role , as evidenced by a clause on the face of the bill , and must have been accepted by an ‘ eligible ’ bank .

He 'd purchased considerable tracts of land during his lifetime , and the profits that accrued from that investment had ballooned as London grew .
he 'd [bought] considerable tracts of land during his lifetime , and the profits that accrued from that investment had ballooned as london grew .

After a tough takeover battle for the News of the World in 1968 , financed by the profits of his Australian papers , Murdoch invigorated and streamlined the management , sold off various marginal activities ( including Walton Heath Golf Course , allegedly purchased by the paper 's one-time proprietor so that he could get to play golf there with Lloyd George , a member ) and quickly bought the Sun .
after a tough takeover battle for the news of the world in 1968 , financed by the profits of his australian papers , murdoch invigorated and streamlined the management , sold off various marginal activities ( including walton heath golf course , allegedly [bought] by the paper 's one-time proprietor so that he could get to play golf there with lloyd george , a member ) and quickly bought the sun .

Moreover , many domestic consumers were on tariffs in which extra kWhs purchased were cheaper than the initial units .
moreover , many domestic consumers were on tariffs in which extra kwhs [bought] were cheaper than the initial units .

Under a two-part tariff there was a basic standing charge ( aiming to cover costs of servicing the account , connecting supply and providing generating capacity ) and a low charge per kWh of electricity purchased .
under a two-part tariff there was a basic standing charge ( aiming to cover costs of servicing the account , connecting supply and providing generating capacity ) and a low charge per kwh of electricity [bought] .

Under a block tariff , the initial kWh purchased carried a high price , but if consumption increased the extra blocks of kWh were charged at a significantly lower rate .
under a block tariff , the initial kwh [bought] carried a high price , but if consumption increased the extra blocks of kwh were charged at a significantly lower rate .

The high reliability of the new postwar plant may , however , have been purchased at too high a cost .
the high reliability of the new postwar plant may , however , have been [bought] at too high a cost .

There are examples of bribery to be found in the documentation relating to county elections , with votes being purchased outright by timely patronage , but such examples are rare .
there are examples of bribery to be found in the documentation relating to county elections , with votes being [bought] outright by timely patronage , but such examples are rare .

Almost all freeholders would have taken strong exception to the suggestion that their support had been purchased , and this was as true of those gentlemen who had recently obtained posts for themselves or their sons as it was for those who had been less fortunate .
almost all freeholders would have taken strong exception to the suggestion that their support had been [bought] , and this was as true of those gentlemen who had recently obtained posts for themselves or their sons as it was for those who had been less fortunate .

Many Scots were attracted by the possibility of earning their living with their swords , in spite of the fact that this was not a particularly attractive career in an age when advancement in rank was frequently purchased and promotion hard to obtain without both private means and interest .
many scots were attracted by the possibility of earning their living with their swords , in spite of the fact that this was not a particularly attractive career in an age when advancement in rank was frequently [bought] and promotion hard to obtain without both private means and interest .

Their circumstances had changed : Mr Singh had a full-time job , they had taken a big step and purchased their council house and Mrs Singh now felt that she needed permanent work herself .
their circumstances had changed : mr singh had a full-time job , they had taken a big step and [bought] their council house and mrs singh now felt that she needed permanent work herself .

Drawings by Vigee-Lebrun are exceptionally rare , and the drawing was purchased by an unknown buyer ( against Wildenstein ) for $ 4,500 ( est .
drawings by vigee-lebrun are exceptionally rare , and the drawing was [bought] by an unknown buyer ( against wildenstein ) for $ 4,500 ( est .

Originally accumulated and gathered together by Chris Beacon , ‘ Yesterknits ’ has now been purchased by the Knitting & Crochet Guild who plan to offer a special pattern search service .
originally accumulated and gathered together by chris beacon , ‘ yesterknits ’ has now been [bought] by the knitting & crochet guild who plan to offer a special pattern search service .

This is the form in which software is normally purchased .
this is the form in which software is normally [bought] .

then use your length of cloth as though you had purchased it from a bolt of fabric in a shop .
then use your length of cloth as though you had [bought] it from a bolt of fabric in a shop .

The magazine is quarterly and can be purchased from your local Singer knitting machine stockist , most large newsagents or by subscription from .
the magazine is quarterly and can be [bought] from your local singer knitting machine stockist , most large newsagents or by subscription from .

All the paintings were purchased through Christie 's at some point in their early history .
all the paintings were [bought] through christie 's at some point in their early history .

While the new owners have purchased the firm 's name , goodwill and Bond Street premises , all the previous stock has been disposed of .
while the new owners have [bought] the firm 's name , goodwill and bond street premises , all the previous stock has been disposed of .

New stock — both antique and contemporary — has been purchased at auction and privately in recent months .
new stock — both antique and contemporary — has been [bought] at auction and privately in recent months .

Mr Gill spotted the manuscript at a local auction and purchased it for £1,500 , realising its quality but not its rarity or importance ; Sotheby 's Christopher de Hamel found it ‘ extraordinarily interesting ’ .
mr gill spotted the manuscript at a local auction and [bought] it for £1,500 , realising its quality but not its rarity or importance ; sotheby 's christopher de hamel found it ‘ extraordinarily interesting ’ .

It depicts a favourite model , Zita , and was purchased by Sandbloom in 1933 directly from the Matisse family .
it depicts a favourite model , zita , and was [bought] by sandbloom in 1933 directly from the matisse family .

$ 200,000–250,000 ) , which was purchased by art advisor , Jeffrey Deitch , for $ 220,000 ( £146,667 ) , and Chuck Close 's portrait of Cindy Sherman ( lot 6 , est .
$ 200,000–250,000 ) , which was [bought] by art advisor , jeffrey deitch , for $ 220,000 ( £146,667 ) , and chuck close 's portrait of cindy sherman ( lot 6 , est .

David Hockney 's celebrated double portrait of Henry Geldzahler , who was seated in the audience , and Christopher Scott ( lot 17 , est. $1–1.5 million ) was acquired at the low estimate by Larry Gagosian , acting on behalf of record producer , David Geffen , while an European telephone bidder purchased both Roy Lichtenstein 's ‘ Girl with Piano ’ ( lot 23 , est. $3–3.5 million ) for $1.65 million ( £1.1 million ) , and an important coloured silkscreen painting by Robert Rauschenberg ( lot 43 , est. $1.75–2 million ) for $1 million ( £666,700 ) .
david hockney 's celebrated double portrait of henry geldzahler , who was seated in the audience , and christopher scott ( lot 17 , est. $1–1.5 million ) was acquired at the low estimate by larry gagosian , acting on behalf of record producer , david geffen , while an european telephone bidder [bought] both roy lichtenstein 's ‘ girl with piano ’ ( lot 23 , est. $3–3.5 million ) for $1.65 million ( £1.1 million ) , and an important coloured silkscreen painting by robert rauschenberg ( lot 43 , est. $1.75–2 million ) for $1 million ( £666,700 ) .

Many of the pieces were purchased by Dubosc in Japan where he lived for the latter part of his life and much of his collection is now in the Asian Art Museum of San Francisco .
many of the pieces were [bought] by dubosc in japan where he lived for the latter part of his life and much of his collection is now in the asian art museum of san francisco .

We 've just purchased Sex by Jon Beast and we 're having a wa … erm , busy .
we 've just [bought] sex by jon beast and we 're having a wa … erm , busy .

Neither locomotives had connecting rods when purchased from Barry .
neither locomotives had connecting rods when [bought] from barry .

It is a pity that a magazine , which is purchased by many who are not supporters of the English rugby team , must print articles that serve only to stir primitive xenophobic sentiments in the reader .
it is a pity that a magazine , which is [bought] by many who are not supporters of the english rugby team , must print articles that serve only to stir primitive xenophobic sentiments in the reader .

When he brought the coffee in , he also brought a rolled bandage , purchased during his morning excursion .
when he brought the coffee in , he also brought a rolled bandage , [bought] during his morning excursion .

With respect to goods purchased from a non owner , this rule has been construed by the Swiss Supreme Court to mean that ‘ whenever the circumstances raise doubts as to the quality of the seller , the purchaser may no longer content himself with the mere appearance constituted by possession ; the purchaser must enquire into the seller 's capacity to convey property right ’ .
with respect to goods [bought] from a non owner , this rule has been construed by the swiss supreme court to mean that ‘ whenever the circumstances raise doubts as to the quality of the seller , the purchaser may no longer content himself with the mere appearance constituted by possession ; the purchaser must enquire into the seller 's capacity to convey property right ’ .

Naumann and occasional partner Alfred Bader purchased the work at Christie 's , London , in December 1992 for £1,045,000 ( $ 1,610,345 ) , where it had been consigned as ‘ The Property of a Lady and a Gentleman ’ .
naumann and occasional partner alfred bader [bought] the work at christie 's , london , in december 1992 for £1,045,000 ( $ 1,610,345 ) , where it had been consigned as ‘ the property of a lady and a gentleman ’ .

The drawing was recently purchased by Colnaghi for £2,500 from Sotheby 's where it was catalogued as ‘ Roman School , seventeenth-century : portrait said to be by Bernini ’ and estimated at £600–800 .
the drawing was recently [bought] by colnaghi for £2,500 from sotheby 's where it was catalogued as ‘ roman school , seventeenth-century : portrait said to be by bernini ’ and estimated at £600–800 .

Her lawyers had argued the heiress retained reproduction rights on works by Matisse purchased by her father before 1910 , when French law first made the distinction between property rights and ‘ immaterial rights ’ such as those of reproduction .
her lawyers had argued the heiress retained reproduction rights on works by matisse [bought] by her father before 1910 , when french law first made the distinction between property rights and ‘ immaterial rights ’ such as those of reproduction .

It is now the second drawing by Raphael in the National Gallery in Edinburgh , the other being a study of a kneeling nude , purchased in 1987 .
it is now the second drawing by raphael in the national gallery in edinburgh , the other being a study of a kneeling nude , [bought] in 1987 .

The National Gallery of Art has just purchased Bernardo Bellotto 's ‘ The Fortress of Konigstein ’ from Bruno Meissner for $9.6 million ( £6.4million ) , the most expensive Old Master painting purchased by the gallery since Leonardo da Vinci 's ‘ Ginevra de'Benci ’ bought for around $6 million from the Prince of Liechtenstein in 1967 .
the national gallery of art has just [bought] bernardo bellotto 's ‘ the fortress of konigstein ’ from bruno meissner for $9.6 million ( £6.4million ) , the most expensive old master painting [bought] by the gallery since leonardo da vinci 's ‘ ginevra de'benci ’ bought for around $6 million from the prince of liechtenstein in 1967 .

The thousands of sale catalogues formerly in the collection of the London art dealers Leggatt Brothers , recently sold at Sotheby 's , have been purchased with the intention of putting them on database .
the thousands of sale catalogues formerly in the collection of the london art dealers leggatt brothers , recently sold at sotheby 's , have been [bought] with the intention of putting them on database .

Until recently the plates were on long-term loan to the North Carolina Museum of Art , Raleigh , having been lent in 1956 by collector and supporter of the North Carolina Museum , Robert Humber who purchased them in 1938 .
until recently the plates were on long-term loan to the north carolina museum of art , raleigh , having been lent in 1956 by collector and supporter of the north carolina museum , robert humber who [bought] them in 1938 .

‘ Flying Scotsman 's ’ spare corridor tender has at last been purchased and delivered to the Morpeth works of Ian Storey Engineering .
‘ flying scotsman 's ’ spare corridor tender has at last been [bought] and delivered to the morpeth works of ian storey engineering .

Sotheby 's confirmed to the Irish Times that some of this material was purchased through their rooms .
sotheby 's confirmed to the irish times that some of this material was [bought] through their rooms .

1936 ) were recently purchased from New York 's Pace/MacGill Gallery by Gayle Greenhill .
1936 ) were recently [bought] from new york 's pace/macgill gallery by gayle greenhill .

Joni records that , at their first meeting , ‘ after an endless stream of compliments on the execution of my work ’ , Berenson , who had purchased from Torrini an ‘ Alberto Aringhieri in prayer ’ ( fig.2 ) inspired by Pinturicchio 's celebrated fresco in Siena cathedral , ‘ singled out the Aringhieri for special praise , saying that he found it more skilfully done even than the original , which he had been to see and examined just before coming to my studio ’ .
joni records that , at their first meeting , ‘ after an endless stream of compliments on the execution of my work ’ , berenson , who had [bought] from torrini an ‘ alberto aringhieri in prayer ’ ( fig.2 ) inspired by pinturicchio 's celebrated fresco in siena cathedral , ‘ singled out the aringhieri for special praise , saying that he found it more skilfully done even than the original , which he had been to see and examined just before coming to my studio ’ .

He has purchased Freud 's production from the last eighteen months , perhaps a dozen canvases , including several pictures of considerable scale , the subjects of which are nude female figures and portraits of performance artist , Leigh Bowery .
he has [bought] freud 's production from the last eighteen months , perhaps a dozen canvases , including several pictures of considerable scale , the subjects of which are nude female figures and portraits of performance artist , leigh bowery .

His gallery is a grand townhouse on East 79th Street where he trades modern masters , including art from the estate of Pierre Matisse , which he purchased in partnership with Sotheby 's , and blue-chip post-war American and European paintings by Jackson Pollock , Rothko , de Kooning and Francis Bacon .
his gallery is a grand townhouse on east 79th street where he trades modern masters , including art from the estate of pierre matisse , which he [bought] in partnership with sotheby 's , and blue-chip post-war american and european paintings by jackson pollock , rothko , de kooning and francis bacon .

The London jewellers and silversmith Asprey have acquired a 6.8 % stake ( 950,000 ordinary shares ) in the prestigious London antique firm Mallett , purchased from investment bank Robert Fleming on 21 December 1992 .
the london jewellers and silversmith asprey have acquired a 6.8 % stake ( 950,000 ordinary shares ) in the prestigious london antique firm mallett , [bought] from investment bank robert fleming on 21 december 1992 .

In 1991 the Norseman was purchased by the Township of Red Lake with the aim of restoring it and mounting it on ‘ the pole ’ .
in 1991 the norseman was [bought] by the township of red lake with the aim of restoring it and mounting it on ‘ the pole ’ .

Soper , has already purchased the house where Miller was born and plans to incorporate this along with the Control Tower into the Museum complex .
soper , has already [bought] the house where miller was born and plans to incorporate this along with the control tower into the museum complex .

So much so , that he recently purchased a massive ex-display tank , set it up in his dining room and stocked it with wild-caught Malawis , many of which are now breeding regularly .
so much so , that he recently [bought] a massive ex-display tank , set it up in his dining room and stocked it with wild-caught malawis , many of which are now breeding regularly .

In most cases tropical waterlilies are purchased from specialist nurseries that remove plants from the tuber in early summer , but on occasions it is possible to obtain tubers that have just started to come into growth earlier in the year .
in most cases tropical waterlilies are [bought] from specialist nurseries that remove plants from the tuber in early summer , but on occasions it is possible to obtain tubers that have just started to come into growth earlier in the year .

Healthy specimens should be active and the body should be slightly convex and fish that show flat flanks should not be purchased .
healthy specimens should be active and the body should be slightly convex and fish that show flat flanks should not be [bought] .

Cultures can be purchased from livefood specialists and can be successfully cultivated , fed and harvested using the methods described for white worm .
cultures can be [bought] from livefood specialists and can be successfully cultivated , fed and harvested using the methods described for white worm .

Cultures can be purchased from livefood specialists by mail order .
cultures can be [bought] from livefood specialists by mail order .

As with rocks , simulated wood can be purchased .
as with rocks , simulated wood can be [bought] .

Junkanoo was one of McIllvanney 's boats , doubtless purchased on the profits of his call-girl service .
junkanoo was one of mcillvanney 's boats , doubtless [bought] on the profits of his call-girl service .

Later , some fifty superior houses were purchased for them and expensively furnished .
later , some fifty superior houses were [bought] for them and expensively furnished .

for whom well-furnished houses and flats were also purchased .
for whom well-furnished houses and flats were also [bought] .

Right : An unusual Doctor Johnson ‘ association ’ item : a manuscript ink and watercolour chart ( much reduced ) of the armies of Frederick the Great , drawn by an English soldier serving in the Emperor 's Body Regiment and purchased in Berlin by Hester Piozzi ( formerly Thrale ) , immortalised by her friendship with Doctor Johnson .
right : an unusual doctor johnson ‘ association ’ item : a manuscript ink and watercolour chart ( much reduced ) of the armies of frederick the great , drawn by an english soldier serving in the emperor 's body regiment and [bought] in berlin by hester piozzi ( formerly thrale ) , immortalised by her friendship with doctor johnson .

Long runs can , of course , be purchased at a price in the saleroom , but odd volumes picked up here and there should be inexpensive .
long runs can , of course , be [bought] at a price in the saleroom , but odd volumes picked up here and there should be inexpensive .

In America recalcitrant administrators who implement the regulation of industry with excessive enthusiasm are noticed , and quickly purchased for private sector employment if they are exceptionally meritorious .
in america recalcitrant administrators who implement the regulation of industry with excessive enthusiasm are noticed , and quickly [bought] for private sector employment if they are exceptionally meritorious .

The Duke of Northumberland purchased the Morning Post and established a new weekly , the Patriot , to popularize the idea of a conspiracy .
the duke of northumberland [bought] the morning post and established a new weekly , the patriot , to popularize the idea of a conspiracy .

The trackbed was purchased eight years later … at least , maps insisted it was a trackbed .
the trackbed was [bought] eight years later … at least , maps insisted it was a trackbed .

She was purchased by a syndicate of members along with 1941 two cylinder diesel shunter ‘ Solto ’ 325 .
she was [bought] by a syndicate of members along with 1941 two cylinder diesel shunter ‘ solto ’ 325 .

By the end of the first full day of the Festival , almost 1500 people had purchased souvenir tickets and visited the footplate .
by the end of the first full day of the festival , almost 1500 people had [bought] souvenir tickets and visited the footplate .

Purchased for preservation by Roger Crombleholme in 1964 , she was moved to the then embryonic Worth Valley Railway and was steamed in February 1968 .
[bought] for preservation by roger crombleholme in 1964 , she was moved to the then embryonic worth valley railway and was steamed in february 1968 .

After lengthy discussions and planning , a group of volunteers have now purchased two steam locomotives , a large bogie brake van and a bogie wagon .
after lengthy discussions and planning , a group of volunteers have now [bought] two steam locomotives , a large bogie brake van and a bogie wagon .

Wine can be purchased at a local store .
wine can be [bought] at a local store .

In 1976 it was purchased by Phyllis and Keith who restored it , quite miraculously , from an almost derelict state to its present form in which it resembles its original appearance to an extraordinary degree .
in 1976 it was [bought] by phyllis and keith who restored it , quite miraculously , from an almost derelict state to its present form in which it resembles its original appearance to an extraordinary degree .

In 1989 Phyllis and Keith joined forces with Neville Spiers and purchased the adjoining Elizabethan extension and formed the banquet hall which can seat sixty .
in 1989 phyllis and keith joined forces with neville spiers and [bought] the adjoining elizabethan extension and formed the banquet hall which can seat sixty .

When Tony Eley and his Irish wife Mary purchased Braemount House in 1986 they were newcomers to the hospitality business ; Mary had retired from the nursing profession and Tony from the Royal Air Force .
when tony eley and his irish wife mary [bought] braemount house in 1986 they were newcomers to the hospitality business ; mary had retired from the nursing profession and tony from the royal air force .

The engine retired during the mid-1960 's and was purchased by Sir Billy Butlin for exhibition at his Pwllheli Holiday Camp .
the engine retired during the mid-1960 's and was [bought] by sir billy butlin for exhibition at his pwllheli holiday camp .

The locomotive arrived on the Great Central Railway in February 1986 , after being purchased from Messrs Woodham Brothers of Barry , South Wales in November 1985 .
the locomotive arrived on the great central railway in february 1986 , after being [bought] from messrs woodham brothers of barry , south wales in november 1985 .

If the sewage disposal works is to be situated off-site , a suitable site must be located and purchased and easements obtained from any owners whose land the sewer crosses .
if the sewage disposal works is to be situated off-site , a suitable site must be located and [bought] and easements obtained from any owners whose land the sewer crosses .

Replacement cost — the cost at which an identical asset could be purchased or manufactured .
replacement cost — the cost at which an identical asset could be [bought] or manufactured .

Unwanted sugar is purchased from the Caribbean islands and stockpiled by the United States , who would rather spend billions of dollars annually in this way ( to keep the region ‘ stable ’ ) than help those nations develop an alternative and more useful crop — food , for instance .
unwanted sugar is [bought] from the caribbean islands and stockpiled by the united states , who would rather spend billions of dollars annually in this way ( to keep the region ‘ stable ’ ) than help those nations develop an alternative and more useful crop — food , for instance .

This has led many farmers to believe that the skilled , responsible and versatile labour which they require can not be purchased at any price , and that the future expansion of the industry will be jeopardized by a chronic shortage of the requisite workers .
this has led many farmers to believe that the skilled , responsible and versatile labour which they require can not be [bought] at any price , and that the future expansion of the industry will be jeopardized by a chronic shortage of the requisite workers .

Pickin was a railway enthusiast who , in 1969 , purchased from the owner of a piece of land adjoining a disused railway line , all his estate and interest in the railway land and track .
pickin was a railway enthusiast who , in 1969 , [bought] from the owner of a piece of land adjoining a disused railway line , all his estate and interest in the railway land and track .

The plaintiff drank a bottle of ginger beer manufactured by the respondent , which a friend had purchased on her behalf from the retailer .
the plaintiff drank a bottle of ginger beer manufactured by the respondent , which a friend had [bought] on her behalf from the retailer .

Where the company to be formed is of a kind which can be purchased ‘ off the peg ’ from an agency specializing in company formation , this is a cost-effective way to proceed .
where the company to be formed is of a kind which can be [bought] ‘ off the peg ’ from an agency specializing in company formation , this is a cost-effective way to proceed .

Similarly , a blouse which is purchased from a shop as an alienable commodity may then become so intimately associated with a particular individual that it may not even be borrowed by a sibling , After some time , however , the object may lose this close association , becoming , as jumble , an alienable commodity once again .
similarly , a blouse which is [bought] from a shop as an alienable commodity may then become so intimately associated with a particular individual that it may not even be borrowed by a sibling , after some time , however , the object may lose this close association , becoming , as jumble , an alienable commodity once again .

An object is manufactured before it is purchased , and we therefore have a tendency to see consumption activities as the result of , or as a process secondary to , the development of manufacturing and other forms of production .
an object is manufactured before it is [bought] , and we therefore have a tendency to see consumption activities as the result of , or as a process secondary to , the development of manufacturing and other forms of production .

Shipowners had accepted an invitation to the Annual Dinner and one had purchased and presented to the union , without charge , a fine convalescent home for sailors at Limpsfield . ``
shipowners had accepted an invitation to the annual dinner and one had [bought] and presented to the union , without charge , a fine convalescent home for sailors at limpsfield . ``

He had evidently been in fear of his life and purchased the weapon for that reason , since he had already been attacked on two previous occasions .
he had evidently been in fear of his life and [bought] the weapon for that reason , since he had already been attacked on two previous occasions .

If a number of similar tools are required then the blacksmith must draw out , if only roughly , the form of the components in order that materials can be purchased and costed .
if a number of similar tools are required then the blacksmith must draw out , if only roughly , the form of the components in order that materials can be [bought] and costed .

These will probably range from ephemeral paperbacks to more substantial tomes purchased for your studies at college , as well as others probably given to you as presents on special occasions .
these will probably range from ephemeral paperbacks to more substantial tomes [bought] for your studies at college , as well as others probably given to you as presents on special occasions .

The Grimaud family purchased and cooked many of these — it was customary , Frederica was told .
the grimaud family [bought] and cooked many of these — it was customary , frederica was told .

Where assets are finance by leasing agreements that give rights approximating to ownership ( `` finance leases `` ) , the assets are treated as if they had been purchased outright .
where assets are finance by leasing agreements that give rights approximating to ownership ( `` finance leases `` ) , the assets are treated as if they had been [bought] outright .

Disclose the amount of purchased goodwill attributable to the business disposed of and how it has been treated in determining the profit or loss on disposal .
disclose the amount of [bought] goodwill attributable to the business disposed of and how it has been treated in determining the profit or loss on disposal .

The purchased goodwill attributable to Model Developments Ltd , which was disposed of during the year , was £227,000 .
the [bought] goodwill attributable to model developments ltd , which was disposed of during the year , was £227,000 .

Where assets are finance by leasing agreements that give rights approximating to ownership ( `` finance leases `` ) , the assets are treated as if they had been purchased outright .
where assets are finance by leasing agreements that give rights approximating to ownership ( `` finance leases `` ) , the assets are treated as if they had been [bought] outright .

Where assets are financed by leasing agreements that give rights approximating to ownership ( `` finance leases `` ) , the assets are treated as if they had been purchased outright .
where assets are financed by leasing agreements that give rights approximating to ownership ( `` finance leases `` ) , the assets are treated as if they had been [bought] outright .

The first fish purchased were the Corydoras Arcuatus , the Skunk Cory , called this because of the black stripe running along the arch of the back . They come from Peruvian and Brazilian rivers and grow to a size of about 2″
the first fish [bought] were the corydoras arcuatus , the skunk cory , called this because of the black stripe running along the arch of the back . they come from peruvian and brazilian rivers and grow to a size of about 2″

These were purchased young but the beautiful colouring could be seen , black body and fins with bluey-white dots on them , with bluey-white edging to the dorsal and caudal fin .
these were [bought] young but the beautiful colouring could be seen , black body and fins with bluey-white dots on them , with bluey-white edging to the dorsal and caudal fin .

The Merry Widows were purchased as two pairs , and both the females had black gravid spots in front of the anal fin .
the merry widows were [bought] as two pairs , and both the females had black gravid spots in front of the anal fin .

Two large pieces of bogwood were purchased and soaked for a couple of weeks before being added to the aquarium with safe , large round pebbles .
two large pieces of bogwood were [bought] and soaked for a couple of weeks before being added to the aquarium with safe , large round pebbles .

The same weekend a 4′ water tank was purchased along with the necessary pipework/fittings and the additional filter was constructed over this period .
the same weekend a 4′ water tank was [bought] along with the necessary pipework/fittings and the additional filter was constructed over this period .

Mushroom anemones are usually purchased as colonies of several individuals of one species growing on a piece of reef rock .
mushroom anemones are usually [bought] as colonies of several individuals of one species growing on a piece of reef rock .

It was shortly after Sally 's birth , in 1960 , that Charles had purchased this large house .
it was shortly after sally 's birth , in 1960 , that charles had [bought] this large house .

Translated into market terms , this means that the labour power capable of performing the process may be purchased more cheaply as dissociated elements than as a capacity integrated in a single worker ’ ( Braverman , 1974 , pp .
translated into market terms , this means that the labour power capable of performing the process may be [bought] more cheaply as dissociated elements than as a capacity integrated in a single worker ’ ( braverman , 1974 , pp .

In 1965 , the Reichmanns purchased some industrial land in north Toronto for £17.8 million .
in 1965 , the reichmanns [bought] some industrial land in north toronto for £17.8 million .

The House of Andreeyev had purchased the right to exploit the commercial potential of the Manchu system .
the house of andreeyev had [bought] the right to exploit the commercial potential of the manchu system .

Arbitrage is easier for interest rate or currency futures markets than for index futures because , in these other markets , the underlying asset can be purchased or sold in a single transaction .
arbitrage is easier for interest rate or currency futures markets than for index futures because , in these other markets , the underlying asset can be [bought] or sold in a single transaction .

With that check came renewed questioning about the balance between services provided by the social services departments and the many forms of family , neighbourhood and commercially purchased care that they supplemented .
with that check came renewed questioning about the balance between services provided by the social services departments and the many forms of family , neighbourhood and commercially [bought] care that they supplemented .

To give a concrete example , personal social services care is only one element in individual care systems in which family , neighbour and purchased care are likely also to play a part .
to give a concrete example , personal social services care is only one element in individual care systems in which family , neighbour and [bought] care are likely also to play a part .

Secondly , consumer durables , especially laundry equipment , microwaves , dishwashers and freezers were frequently purchased to save time or ease the work of care-giving .
secondly , consumer durables , especially laundry equipment , microwaves , dishwashers and freezers were frequently [bought] to save time or ease the work of care-giving .

‘ This refers specifically to the assumed facility of a wholesaler to order in bulk , and to be able to recycle and place previously purchased stock so as to minimise returns .
‘ this refers specifically to the assumed facility of a wholesaler to order in bulk , and to be able to recycle and place previously [bought] stock so as to minimise returns .

Within ten months the building had been purchased , converted , renovated , occupied by its new owners , and a condominium created — a housing association in which residents jointly owned the equity but were free to sell their individual shares if they wished to move .
within ten months the building had been [bought] , converted , renovated , occupied by its new owners , and a condominium created — a housing association in which residents jointly owned the equity but were free to sell their individual shares if they wished to move .

This is designed to test the feasibility of extending fundholding to cover all services and not just the limited range of services at present included — which represents only about 20 % of services purchased from providers .
this is designed to test the feasibility of extending fundholding to cover all services and not just the limited range of services at present included — which represents only about 20 % of services [bought] from providers .

My practice has not encountered serious practical problems different from those of other fundholders and it seems to remove some of the difficulties of the existing scheme in that it resolves the problem of what referrals are within the range of services that can be purchased .
my practice has not encountered serious practical problems different from those of other fundholders and it seems to remove some of the difficulties of the existing scheme in that it resolves the problem of what referrals are within the range of services that can be [bought] .

Consumer sensitive businesses work well when the product is something being purchased by a consumer with a wide choice of suppliers .
consumer sensitive businesses work well when the product is something being [bought] by a consumer with a wide choice of suppliers .

James Scott gave `` The Illustrated London News , `` `` Chamber 's Journal `` and `` Leisure Hour `` and the members purchased `` The London Daily Times `` ( at half price ) , `` Edinburgh Witness , `` `` Glasgow Saturday Post , `` `` Edinburgh WeeKly Mercury , `` `` Punch , `` `` National Magazine and `` Christian Treasury . ``
james scott gave `` the illustrated london news , `` `` chamber 's journal `` and `` leisure hour `` and the members [bought] `` the london daily times `` ( at half price ) , `` edinburgh witness , `` `` glasgow saturday post , `` `` edinburgh weekly mercury , `` `` punch , `` `` national magazine and `` christian treasury . ``

What mechanisms are in place to ensure that health care services are purchased in a manner likely to result in equity between social groups and individuals ?
what mechanisms are in place to ensure that health care services are [bought] in a manner likely to result in equity between social groups and individuals ?

This is now less common since building societies , through which most homes are purchased , will now automatically register a property in the names of both spouses .
this is now less common since building societies , through which most homes are [bought] , will now automatically register a property in the names of both spouses .

The catalyst was the Crichel Down Enquiry in 1954 by the Minister of Agriculture into the sale and subsequent choosing of a tenant for Crichel Down in Dorset which had been purchased during the war as a bombing range ( Griffith , 1955 ) .
the catalyst was the crichel down enquiry in 1954 by the minister of agriculture into the sale and subsequent choosing of a tenant for crichel down in dorset which had been [bought] during the war as a bombing range ( griffith , 1955 ) .

In 1910 , the Hon Charles Rothschild purchased 138 hectares of this fenland fragment and declared it a nature reserve .
in 1910 , the hon charles rothschild [bought] 138 hectares of this fenland fragment and declared it a nature reserve .

In the years to follow he purchased a further 70 hectares and asked the Society for the Promotion of Nature Reserves — now the renamed Royal Society for Nature Conservation — to take it into safe keeping .
in the years to follow he [bought] a further 70 hectares and asked the society for the promotion of nature reserves — now the renamed royal society for nature conservation — to take it into safe keeping .

There may , however , be a better case for ‘ drip ’ advertising for very long-established , regularly purchased brands .
there may , however , be a better case for ‘ drip ’ advertising for very long-established , regularly [bought] brands .

In 1981 , the Virgin empire was , therefore , swollen yet further with the purchase of two more nightclubs , one called the Roof Gardens , the other , Heaven , purchased with the help of loans from the bank and monies from a foreign licensee .
in 1981 , the virgin empire was , therefore , swollen yet further with the purchase of two more nightclubs , one called the roof gardens , the other , heaven , [bought] with the help of loans from the bank and monies from a foreign licensee .

It would not , in my opinion , be open to an investor to retain the purchased shares and , under section 5 , to claim back the purchase money less the financial value of the retained shares .
it would not , in my opinion , be open to an investor to retain the [bought] shares and , under section 5 , to claim back the purchase money less the financial value of the retained shares .

They had purchased the property in December 1974 in their joint names with the aid of a building society mortgage .
they had [bought] the property in december 1974 in their joint names with the aid of a building society mortgage .

The respondent , without authority , keyed commands into a computer and thereby obtained by means of the same computer a discount , to which he was not entitled , on goods being purchased at a supplier .
the respondent , without authority , keyed commands into a computer and thereby obtained by means of the same computer a discount , to which he was not entitled , on goods being [bought] at a supplier .

discount on goods being purchased at a supplier , by dishonestly operating a computer used by the sales staff and entering a false discount .
discount on goods being [bought] at a supplier , by dishonestly operating a computer used by the sales staff and entering a false discount .

discount on goods being purchased from a supplier by dishonestly operating a computer used by the sales staff and by entering a false discount .
discount on goods being [bought] from a supplier by dishonestly operating a computer used by the sales staff and by entering a false discount .

Thus , by suing the co-contractor the creditor commits a breach of the contract with the released covenantor , for such an action will inevitably lead to the very claim from which the release has been purchased by accord and satisfaction .
thus , by suing the co-contractor the creditor commits a breach of the contract with the released covenantor , for such an action will inevitably lead to the very claim from which the release has been [bought] by accord and satisfaction .

The release from the obligations under the lease is purchased by an immediate surrender of the term and his handing over of one half of his goods .
the release from the obligations under the lease is [bought] by an immediate surrender of the term and his handing over of one half of his goods .

They were purchased by the applicants at various dates , mainly since 1983 .
they were [bought] by the applicants at various dates , mainly since 1983 .

The remaining 42 vessels have always been registered in the United Kingdom , but were purchased by the companies in question on various dates , mainly since 1983 .
the remaining 42 vessels have always been registered in the united kingdom , but were [bought] by the companies in question on various dates , mainly since 1983 .

This will provide a much more detailed examination of the structure and condition of the property being purchased and will be carried out by one of the Woolwich 's own structural surveyors .
this will provide a much more detailed examination of the structure and condition of the property being [bought] and will be carried out by one of the woolwich 's own structural surveyors .

After the first plaintiff had purchased the entire shareholding of the second plaintiff , they learned of allegations that the contract with the health authority had been operated fraudulently .
after the first plaintiff had [bought] the entire shareholding of the second plaintiff , they learned of allegations that the contract with the health authority had been operated fraudulently .

At about this time the appellant purchased a house , 7 , Ernest Road , Hornchurch , in joint names with his wife and with the assistance of a mortgage in the sum of £60,000 .
at about this time the appellant [bought] a house , 7 , ernest road , hornchurch , in joint names with his wife and with the assistance of a mortgage in the sum of £60,000 .

Over 60 years later Walworth Road has not been widened , the freehold is now vested in the appellant second to fourth defendants , who purchased the property from the first defendant , the London Residuary Body after it had issued a notice to quit , the defendants have no road making powers and it does not appear that the road will ever be widened .
over 60 years later walworth road has not been widened , the freehold is now vested in the appellant second to fourth defendants , who [bought] the property from the first defendant , the london residuary body after it had issued a notice to quit , the defendants have no road making powers and it does not appear that the road will ever be widened .

They could be purchased with hard currency but not roubles .
they could be [bought] with hard currency but not roubles .

( a ) and ( h ) preserve the additional period for consuming alcoholic liquor or taking away alcoholic liquor supplied in a closed vessel purchased during the permitted hours introduced by 5.3 of the 1962 Act .
( a ) and ( h ) preserve the additional period for consuming alcoholic liquor or taking away alcoholic liquor supplied in a closed vessel [bought] during the permitted hours introduced by 5.3 of the 1962 act .

It has been stocked by booksellers , and it has been purchased by a variety of people .
it has been stocked by booksellers , and it has been [bought] by a variety of people .

Different readers have purchased this book for different reasons , whether it be to pass a professional examination , to commence undergraduate studies in marketing , or to train for a new job in the company 's sales or marketing department .
different readers have [bought] this book for different reasons , whether it be to pass a professional examination , to commence undergraduate studies in marketing , or to train for a new job in the company 's sales or marketing department .

Goods and services may be purchased because they `` fit `` these particular motivations .
goods and services may be [bought] because they `` fit `` these particular motivations .

Others are purchased because the buyer feels that ownership will confer separateness and status .
others are [bought] because the buyer feels that ownership will confer separateness and status .

Indeed , some goods are usually only purchased within a family context .
indeed , some goods are usually only [bought] within a family context .

This learning process will focus in particular on a comparison of : * the evaluation of the alternatives made prior to the purchase ; * the claims made by the supplier for the product that was eventually purchased ; * the performance or acceptability of the product actually purchased- relative to the purchase motivation and the needs/wants that gave rise to it .
this learning process will focus in particular on a comparison of : * the evaluation of the alternatives made prior to the purchase ; * the claims made by the supplier for the product that was eventually [bought] ; * the performance or acceptability of the product actually purchased- relative to the purchase motivation and the needs/wants that gave rise to it .

a ) decision process speed : the speed at which the individual ( or group of individuals in the case of multi-individual buying situations ) moves through the decision process will depend on a number of factors , including : * whether the decision involves a simple or routine purchased in which case routine response or impulse behaviour will occur .
a ) decision process speed : the speed at which the individual ( or group of individuals in the case of multi-individual buying situations ) moves through the decision process will depend on a number of factors , including : * whether the decision involves a simple or routine [bought] in which case routine response or impulse behaviour will occur .

* whether the decision involves a modification to previous purchasing patterns , for instance when the usual product purchased has been re.formulated , an apparently attractive new brand introduced , or the purchaser 's usage context for the product has changed .
* whether the decision involves a modification to previous purchasing patterns , for instance when the usual product [bought] has been re.formulated , an apparently attractive new brand introduced , or the purchaser 's usage context for the product has changed .

The mothers used cotton wool for cosmetic purposes because they had already purchased it for child and babycare , and it is to hand .
the mothers used cotton wool for cosmetic purposes because they had already [bought] it for child and babycare , and it is to hand .

This is hardly surprising since it is mainly purchased by women between certain ages , and is associated with baby and child care .
this is hardly surprising since it is mainly [bought] by women between certain ages , and is associated with baby and child care .

It begins by defining the augmented nature of the product or service being purchased , and looks at the derived characteristics of demand for goods and services in these industrial markets .
it begins by defining the augmented nature of the product or service being [bought] , and looks at the derived characteristics of demand for goods and services in these industrial markets .

All that plant and equipment was purchased by the organisations requiring them .
all that plant and equipment was [bought] by the organisations requiring them .

iii ) New task purchasing : which relates to new types of goods or services never purchased before .
iii ) new task purchasing : which relates to new types of goods or services never [bought] before .

In such cases there is the greatest need for effective search , analysis , evaluation and selection by those people involved in the making of purchase decisions , particularly where the item to be purchased is complex .
in such cases there is the greatest need for effective search , analysis , evaluation and selection by those people involved in the making of purchase decisions , particularly where the item to be [bought] is complex .

New task purchasing , with its inherent lack of previous experience of the product to be purchased , contains the greatest risk for the organisation .
new task purchasing , with its inherent lack of previous experience of the product to be [bought] , contains the greatest risk for the organisation .

Derived demand and Goods and services are usually purchased in augmented products industrial goods markets to facilitate the process by which the organisation satisfies the demand from its own customers .
derived demand and goods and services are usually [bought] in augmented products industrial goods markets to facilitate the process by which the organisation satisfies the demand from its own customers .

But its chief glory is a superb collection of works of art , purchased by the Trustees over the past fifty years on advice from the Director .
but its chief glory is a superb collection of works of art , [bought] by the trustees over the past fifty years on advice from the director .

Members have purchased their own fax machines , the cost of which is reimbursable from the office costs allowances , and sufficient lines are available for all who wish to do so .
members have [bought] their own fax machines , the cost of which is reimbursable from the office costs allowances , and sufficient lines are available for all who wish to do so .

For example , beer and cigarettes may both be purchased as recreational products .
for example , beer and cigarettes may both be [bought] as recreational products .

These tracks are also extendible and can be purchased in two diameters , 25mm ( 1in ) and 35mm ( 1 ⅜in ) and span up to 609cm ( 20ft ) although some of the narrower types only span up to 381 cm ( 12ft 6in ) .
these tracks are also extendible and can be [bought] in two diameters , 25mm ( 1in ) and 35mm ( 1 ⅜in ) and span up to 609cm ( 20ft ) although some of the narrower types only span up to 381 cm ( 12ft 6in ) .

Narrow rods are intended for use with café curtains and can be purchased with rings and special clasps which simply grip the top of the curtain , eliminating the use of curtain hooks .
narrow rods are intended for use with café curtains and can be [bought] with rings and special clasps which simply grip the top of the curtain , eliminating the use of curtain hooks .

Undoubtedly both Vlaminck and Derain were looking at tribal art in a somewhat unfocused way before 1906 , the year in which Vlaminck purchased his first ‘ discoveries ’ , as were many other young artists .
undoubtedly both vlaminck and derain were looking at tribal art in a somewhat unfocused way before 1906 , the year in which vlaminck [bought] his first ‘ discoveries ’ , as were many other young artists .

Raw materials and Purchased items
raw materials and [bought] items

Taking usage rate as a variable essentially means segmenting on the basis of volume purchased .
taking usage rate as a variable essentially means segmenting on the basis of volume [bought] .

In the example shown above the asterisks indicate that Quality Control is shared among three sub-units : Manufacturing ( as shopfloor Inspection ) , Production Planning & control ( as Quality Control of processes , materials and purchased items ) , and Production Engineering ( responsible for quality of design and with overall responsibility for Quality Control standards in production ) .
in the example shown above the asterisks indicate that quality control is shared among three sub-units : manufacturing ( as shopfloor inspection ) , production planning & control ( as quality control of processes , materials and [bought] items ) , and production engineering ( responsible for quality of design and with overall responsibility for quality control standards in production ) .

The quality of the goods purchased needs to be suitable ( a ) for the manufacturing process , and ( b ) for the customer 's wants .
the quality of the goods [bought] needs to be suitable ( a ) for the manufacturing process , and ( b ) for the customer 's wants .

This control begins with inspection of the raw materials and other items purchased from suppliers , continues with inspection during production , and ends with a final inspection before delivery to the customer .
this control begins with inspection of the raw materials and other items [bought] from suppliers , continues with inspection during production , and ends with a final inspection before delivery to the customer .

The Paris to Rouen railway was being extended to Le Havre , and the line cut straight through Dr Flaubert 's land ; part of it was to be compulsorily purchased .
the paris to rouen railway was being extended to le havre , and the line cut straight through dr flaubert 's land ; part of it was to be compulsorily [bought] .

One of the bestselling lines this year has been juggling balls , hundreds of them having been purchased .
one of the bestselling lines this year has been juggling balls , hundreds of them having been [bought] .

The National Trust has just purchased Slieve Donard in the Mourne Mountains which , at 2,746 feet , is the highest mountain in Northern Ireland and one of the most famous landmarks in the province .
the national trust has just [bought] slieve donard in the mourne mountains which , at 2,746 feet , is the highest mountain in northern ireland and one of the most famous landmarks in the province .

It was their deep love for the Llŷn landscape , and a desire to keep it protected for future generations , which prompted the three Keating sisters , Honora , Lorna and Eileen , and their eighty-year-old mother to buy Plas-yn-Rhiw and its fifty-eight acres in 1939 ; later they purchased over 300 acres more with the express purpose of giving the land to the trust .
it was their deep love for the llŷn landscape , and a desire to keep it protected for future generations , which prompted the three keating sisters , honora , lorna and eileen , and their eighty-year-old mother to buy plas-yn-rhiw and its fifty-eight acres in 1939 ; later they [bought] over 300 acres more with the express purpose of giving the land to the trust .

Appropriate shoes are also purchased , as are other accessories .
appropriate shoes are also [bought] , as are other accessories .

The easiest way to deliver a plane that someone has purchased is to fly it to them .
the easiest way to deliver a plane that someone has [bought] is to fly it to them .

It was sheltered from prying eyes by trees , in the very heart of that section of the Dresden Heide that Mitzer had purchased for the Party .
it was sheltered from prying eyes by trees , in the very heart of that section of the dresden heide that mitzer had [bought] for the party .

Tom had also stopped at a Dutch trading post on an island to the north and purchased , in exchange for provisions in short supply , some twenty-five Africans .
tom had also stopped at a dutch trading post on an island to the north and [bought] , in exchange for provisions in short supply , some twenty-five africans .

Between military exercises , they rested , they smoked , they consumed the madeira purchased en route .
between military exercises , they rested , they smoked , they consumed the madeira [bought] en route .

Investment or dis-investment decisions — For example , should an item of equipment be purchased ? Should a department be shut down ? Decisions of this nature often have long-term consequences .
investment or dis-investment decisions — for example , should an item of equipment be [bought] ? should a department be shut down ? decisions of this nature often have long-term consequences .

This he purchased by forming a small syndicate in 1897 , taking for himself the office of managing director .
this he [bought] by forming a small syndicate in 1897 , taking for himself the office of managing director .

To secure the services of Reeves-Smith , he purchased the Berkeley Hotel in 1900 and appointed him managing director of the Savoy Company .
to secure the services of reeves-smith , he [bought] the berkeley hotel in 1900 and appointed him managing director of the savoy company .

From 1911 John Quinn , the American lawyer and collector , provided her with a stipend and purchased any picture she offered .
from 1911 john quinn , the american lawyer and collector , provided her with a stipend and [bought] any picture she offered .

She purchased a shack at 8 rue Babie , Meudon , to which she moved in 1932 .
she [bought] a shack at 8 rue babie , meudon , to which she moved in 1932 .

During the first opium war ( 1840–2 ) , after Hong Kong was occupied by the British expedition , Matheson purchased for his firm the first plots of land offered for sale on the island .
during the first opium war ( 1840–2 ) , after hong kong was occupied by the british expedition , matheson [bought] for his firm the first plots of land offered for sale on the island .

Upon retiring to Britain , he purchased the Isle of Lewis , in the outer Hebrides , and acquired other vast estates in Scotland .
upon retiring to britain , he [bought] the isle of lewis , in the outer hebrides , and acquired other vast estates in scotland .

Allhusen entered the Tyneside chemical industry at Gateshead in 1840 when he purchased the soap works of Charles Attwood & Co .
allhusen entered the tyneside chemical industry at gateshead in 1840 when he [bought] the soap works of charles attwood & co .

Friars Craig in Derwentwater was purchased by public subscription and given to the National Trust in his memory in 1922 .
friars craig in derwentwater was [bought] by public subscription and given to the national trust in his memory in 1922 .

He purchased a former malt-house at Crooked Lane in 1831 , and this is considered the founding date of the Cadbury manufacturing firm .
he [bought] a former malt-house at crooked lane in 1831 , and this is considered the founding date of the cadbury manufacturing firm .

He purchased and developed Folkestone harbour personally in association with ( Sir ) William Cubitt [ q.v . ]
he [bought] and developed folkestone harbour personally in association with ( sir ) william cubitt [ q.v . ]

Churchward purchased three French locomotives of a type which had an outstanding reputation for comparative tests against his own latest locomotives , which proved equally powerful and economical .
churchward [bought] three french locomotives of a type which had an outstanding reputation for comparative tests against his own latest locomotives , which proved equally powerful and economical .

Captain Kinloch had inherited the estate of Kinloch in Strathmore from his younger brother , John , who had purchased it from the proceeds of a fortune made as a sugar planter in Jamaica , and had died in 1770 .
captain kinloch had inherited the estate of kinloch in strathmore from his younger brother , john , who had [bought] it from the proceeds of a fortune made as a sugar planter in jamaica , and had died in 1770 .

The two published a number of works together and , after Moseley 's death in 1661 , Herringman purchased from Moseley 's estate copyrights to the poems of Abraham Cowley , Richard Crashaw , Sir John Denham , John Donne , Sir John Suckling , and Edmund Waller [ qq.v . ]
the two published a number of works together and , after moseley 's death in 1661 , herringman [bought] from moseley 's estate copyrights to the poems of abraham cowley , richard crashaw , sir john denham , john donne , sir john suckling , and edmund waller [ qq.v . ]

London died 12 January 1714 , leaving estates in Thames Ditton , purchased from Talman , who built there a small house for his lifelong friend .
london died 12 january 1714 , leaving estates in thames ditton , [bought] from talman , who built there a small house for his lifelong friend .

After long negotiations he purchased the Doncaster race clubhouse , opening in time to provide food and accommodation for racegoers attending the St Leger meeting of 1828 .
after long negotiations he [bought] the doncaster race clubhouse , opening in time to provide food and accommodation for racegoers attending the st leger meeting of 1828 .

, Sir William ( 1520–1600 ) , politician and administrator , was born 30 January 1520 , the fifth but only surviving son of ( Sir ) Christopher More , Exchequer official , who had purchased Loseley , near Guildford , Surrey , by 1509 , and his first wife Margaret , daughter of Walter Mugge of Guildford ; five of his nine sisters lived to marry .
, sir william ( 1520–1600 ) , politician and administrator , was born 30 january 1520 , the fifth but only surviving son of ( sir ) christopher more , exchequer official , who had [bought] loseley , near guildford , surrey , by 1509 , and his first wife margaret , daughter of walter mugge of guildford ; five of his nine sisters lived to marry .

Lowther purchased additional land worth over £1,200 a year at a cost of £28,085 , mostly in Cumbria though some was in Yorkshire .
lowther [bought] additional land worth over £1,200 a year at a cost of £28,085 , mostly in cumbria though some was in yorkshire .

In 1852 he purchased a small bookselling and printing business in Bloomsbury .
in 1852 he [bought] a small bookselling and printing business in bloomsbury .

His voluminous political correspondence was purchased from her by Peel 's literary executors , the fifth Earl Stanhope and Edward , Viscount Cardwell [ qq.v . ]
his voluminous political correspondence was [bought] from her by peel 's literary executors , the fifth earl stanhope and edward , viscount cardwell [ qq.v . ]

As Woodforde noted the cost of everything he purchased , we can follow the fluctuation of prices .
as woodforde noted the cost of everything he [bought] , we can follow the fluctuation of prices .

In the mid-1680s Coxe began to acquire property in West New Jersey , and in 1687 he purchased the proprietary rights of the province from the heirs to Edward Byllynge .
in the mid-1680s coxe began to acquire property in west new jersey , and in 1687 he [bought] the proprietary rights of the province from the heirs to edward byllynge .

He also acquired the chemists ' chains , Timothy Whites and Taylors , gained a large stake in cinemas , and purchased the exhibition centre at Olympia .
he also acquired the chemists ' chains , timothy whites and taylors , gained a large stake in cinemas , and [bought] the exhibition centre at olympia .

In 1924 Winifred Nicholson purchased Bankshead , a stone farmhouse built over the remains of a Roman mile-castle on Hadrian 's wall , and this unusual residence remained her home all her life .
in 1924 winifred nicholson [bought] bankshead , a stone farmhouse built over the remains of a roman mile-castle on hadrian 's wall , and this unusual residence remained her home all her life .

Yarn purchased from Nottingham or from the Arkwrights , the leading firm in the cotton industry , was turned into cloth by numerous hand-loom weavers organized by Oldknow 's talented managers .
yarn [bought] from nottingham or from the arkwrights , the leading firm in the cotton industry , was turned into cloth by numerous hand-loom weavers organized by oldknow 's talented managers .

In 1787 Oldknow had purchased a landed estate at Mellor in Derbyshire , the security for his debts and now the focus for his industrial aspirations .
in 1787 oldknow had [bought] a landed estate at mellor in derbyshire , the security for his debts and now the focus for his industrial aspirations .

About the same time he purchased Maisonette , a country house and grounds in Ingatestone .
about the same time he [bought] maisonette , a country house and grounds in ingatestone .

The manor and parsonage of Hackness in the North Riding were purchased for the couple , and remained Margaret 's property after the death of Devereux at the siege of Rouen in 1591 .
the manor and parsonage of hackness in the north riding were [bought] for the couple , and remained margaret 's property after the death of devereux at the siege of rouen in 1591 .

Curwen 's estates lay on the west Cumberland coalfield , and he took a particular interest in the collieries inherited from his father and his second wife , as well as others which he purchased and leased in the area .
curwen 's estates lay on the west cumberland coalfield , and he took a particular interest in the collieries inherited from his father and his second wife , as well as others which he [bought] and leased in the area .

In 1849 Holford purchased the freehold of the old Dorchester House , with its 100 yards of frontage to Park Lane : he chose Lewis Vulliamy [ q.v . ]
in 1849 holford [bought] the freehold of the old dorchester house , with its 100 yards of frontage to park lane : he chose lewis vulliamy [ q.v . ]

By 1806 he had purchased ‘ some marble quarries containing two beds of rocks , the one resembling , in colour and effect , the Oriental porphyry , and the other the verd antique ’ .
by 1806 he had [bought] ‘ some marble quarries containing two beds of rocks , the one resembling , in colour and effect , the oriental porphyry , and the other the verd antique ’ .

Hutchinson was also active in the Ironmongers ' Company of London , of which he had purchased the freedom .
hutchinson was also active in the ironmongers ' company of london , of which he had [bought] the freedom .

It was claimed that he had purchased the Surrey manor of Woodmansterne from its tenant while litigation about the manor was pending in the Common Bench before him and his colleagues .
it was claimed that he had [bought] the surrey manor of woodmansterne from its tenant while litigation about the manor was pending in the common bench before him and his colleagues .

Albright purchased the patents , and then took out his own patents on improvements to Schrötter 's method .
albright [bought] the patents , and then took out his own patents on improvements to schrötter 's method .

Stretching out a hand , he purchased a choc-ice .
stretching out a hand , he [bought] a choc-ice .

Hence the courts have had to evolve various canons of construction which , even more unfortunately , have fluctuated from time to time , thus over-ruling earlier decisions and defeating the legitimate expectations of investors who purchased preference shares in reliance on the construction adopted earlier .
hence the courts have had to evolve various canons of construction which , even more unfortunately , have fluctuated from time to time , thus over-ruling earlier decisions and defeating the legitimate expectations of investors who [bought] preference shares in reliance on the construction adopted earlier .

If the company 's business involves dealing in goods the records must also contain a statement of stock held at the end of the financial year and statements of stocktakings from which that was prepared , and , except in the case of goods sold in the ordinary course of retail trade , statements of all goods sold or purchased , in sufficient detail to enable the other party to be identified .
if the company 's business involves dealing in goods the records must also contain a statement of stock held at the end of the financial year and statements of stocktakings from which that was prepared , and , except in the case of goods sold in the ordinary course of retail trade , statements of all goods sold or [bought] , in sufficient detail to enable the other party to be identified .

These usually make quite a small pool and can frequently be purchased from department stores as well as from garden centres and water-gardening specialists .
these usually make quite a small pool and can frequently be [bought] from department stores as well as from garden centres and water-gardening specialists .

Most pool owners who wish to breed a few fish start by purchasing one or two matched pairs and , while this can be recommended , it does not follow that the pair purchased will breed with one another if there are other sizeable fish in the pool .
most pool owners who wish to breed a few fish start by purchasing one or two matched pairs and , while this can be recommended , it does not follow that the pair [bought] will breed with one another if there are other sizeable fish in the pool .

If we think of an individual asset to be purchased and financed from loan , then the authority begins with no capital .
if we think of an individual asset to be [bought] and financed from loan , then the authority begins with no capital .

The handsome parquet flooring had been rewaxed , the girandoles around the walls had been set with pure wax candles purchased from an ecclesiastical suppliers in Hounslow , elaborate arrangements of flowers graced gilded stands all around the walls .
the handsome parquet flooring had been rewaxed , the girandoles around the walls had been set with pure wax candles [bought] from an ecclesiastical suppliers in hounslow , elaborate arrangements of flowers graced gilded stands all around the walls .

In 1873 the Nord network purchased the Saint-Ouen Docks and turned the reception centre for water-borne goods there into a major goods station , linked to La Chapelle by rail .
in 1873 the nord network [bought] the saint-ouen docks and turned the reception centre for water-borne goods there into a major goods station , linked to la chapelle by rail .

Two of the crew stayed to oversee the unloading of the meagre cargo , and the rest were paid by Finnan with the same silver knuckles that Bicker had purchased the company 's passage with .
two of the crew stayed to oversee the unloading of the meagre cargo , and the rest were paid by finnan with the same silver knuckles that bicker had [bought] the company 's passage with .

The first was known to be Tony Gauci , son of the owner of Mary 's House , the boutique in Sliema from which the clothing in the bomb suitcase had allegedly been purchased .
the first was known to be tony gauci , son of the owner of mary 's house , the boutique in sliema from which the clothing in the bomb suitcase had allegedly been [bought] .

help us sell the books purchased .
help us sell the books [bought] .

’ Then , he turned aside and said to one of the vibrancers lounging against the legs of his couch , ‘ Who purchased this one ?
’ then , he turned aside and said to one of the vibrancers lounging against the legs of his couch , ‘ who [bought] this one ?

Meanwhile , Stornoway Branch has come up with its own solution : the women have purchased identical matching blouses and cardigans and the men have bought what 's been dubbed as the ‘ Stornoway Corporate shirt ’ .
meanwhile , stornoway branch has come up with its own solution : the women have [bought] identical matching blouses and cardigans and the men have bought what 's been dubbed as the ‘ stornoway corporate shirt ’ .

In early 1941 Glyn , Mills & Co , keen to provide staff with some respite from the heavy air-raids and war-time pressures of work , purchased Moorend Park Hotel at Charlton Kings near Cheltenham .
in early 1941 glyn , mills & co , keen to provide staff with some respite from the heavy air-raids and war-time pressures of work , [bought] moorend park hotel at charlton kings near cheltenham .

It was closed in 1968 by British Railways and subsequently purchased by East Lothian District Council in 1978 , and was made suitable for cycling and walking during 1986/87 .
it was closed in 1968 by british railways and subsequently [bought] by east lothian district council in 1978 , and was made suitable for cycling and walking during 1986/87 .

Edinburgh Corporation purchased the Junction Bridge Railway Depot ( now Coalie Park ) in 1968 from British Rail , and acquired the railway line to Warriston in 1980 with the approved aim , following public consultation , of creating the walkway .
edinburgh corporation [bought] the junction bridge railway depot ( now coalie park ) in 1968 from british rail , and acquired the railway line to warriston in 1980 with the approved aim , following public consultation , of creating the walkway .

Copies of the Plan can also be purchased at a cost of £5 ( Report of Survey £5 extra ) .
copies of the plan can also be [bought] at a cost of £5 ( report of survey £5 extra ) .

Other emergency places will be spot purchased using the standard method , with the Emergency Duty Team arranging out-of-hours placements .
other emergency places will be spot [bought] using the standard method , with the emergency duty team arranging out-of-hours placements .

At least for the first year ( 1st April 1993–31st March 1994 ) , the vast majority of residential care places in voluntary and private sector residential and nursing homes , and registered supported accommodation , will be purchased on an individual place-by-place basis for each user .
at least for the first year ( 1st april 1993–31st march 1994 ) , the vast majority of residential care places in voluntary and private sector residential and nursing homes , and registered supported accommodation , will be [bought] on an individual place-by-place basis for each user .

Strike , riot or civil commotion in respect of which a warning has been given prior to the date this insurance is purchased .
strike , riot or civil commotion in respect of which a warning has been given prior to the date this insurance is [bought] .

Over the past three years , British Gas has also purchased concessions in Sudan , Tunisia , the Bahamas , Egypt , Malaysia , Trinidad , Indonesia , Sudan and Somalia .
over the past three years , british gas has also [bought] concessions in sudan , tunisia , the bahamas , egypt , malaysia , trinidad , indonesia , sudan and somalia .

This actively brought me into contact with , who wrote from Poole in Dorset in October 1961 to give details of a wheel purchased in Argyll in 1960 from .
this actively brought me into contact with , who wrote from poole in dorset in october 1961 to give details of a wheel [bought] in argyll in 1960 from .

Rule 37.1 does not impose a mandatory bid obligation on a shareholder not acting in concert with the directors unless he purchased shares at a time when he had reason to believe that a redemption or purchase would take place .
rule 37.1 does not impose a mandatory bid obligation on a shareholder not acting in concert with the directors unless he [bought] shares at a time when he had reason to believe that a redemption or purchase would take place .

If the property being sold is the same as that which was purchased , then a suitable plan should be contained with the deeds and documents of title and it should prove no problem .
if the property being sold is the same as that which was [bought] , then a suitable plan should be contained with the deeds and documents of title and it should prove no problem .

Expedition is useful in the case of property being resold very shortly after the unregistered title has been purchased , when it 's desired to give the new purchaser a registered title and completion is to take place before the title would normally be registered .
expedition is useful in the case of property being resold very shortly after the unregistered title has been [bought] , when it 's desired to give the new purchaser a registered title and completion is to take place before the title would normally be registered .

This is nowhere more apparent than in the sixth quatrain : `` Golden tongue `` decently translates , but is purchased with a lame rhyme in `` the shades among `` .
this is nowhere more apparent than in the sixth quatrain : `` golden tongue `` decently translates , but is [bought] with a lame rhyme in `` the shades among `` .

This may be important if credit finance for the new article purchased with a part exchange is declined by the financier .
this may be important if credit finance for the new article [bought] with a part exchange is declined by the financier .

Court forms can be purchased from law stationers , but most of these can be stored on your word-processing system as precedents .
court forms can be [bought] from law stationers , but most of these can be stored on your word-processing system as precedents .

It had sold a few thousand copies in the years before the 1976 court case : within three weeks of its acquittal 600,000 copies were purchased by an avid public .
it had sold a few thousand copies in the years before the 1976 court case : within three weeks of its acquittal 600,000 copies were [bought] by an avid public .

Newly purchased pups should be dosed twice at an interval of 14 days .
newly [bought] pups should be dosed twice at an interval of 14 days .

As with the selection of other materials combination of the teacher 's subject knowledge and awareness subject curricular needs and the school librarian 's bibliographic knowledge and awareness of cross-curricular resource needs s ) ensure that software which is purchased should be relevant 1 pupils .
as with the selection of other materials combination of the teacher 's subject knowledge and awareness subject curricular needs and the school librarian 's bibliographic knowledge and awareness of cross-curricular resource needs s ) ensure that software which is [bought] should be relevant 1 pupils .

Some schools have managed to have a policy laid whereby all software which comes into the school , w ] purchased by the library or by departments , is first catalogue classified by the school librarian , thereby ensuring that a comprehensive catalogue ( available on disk and print-out ) can be maintained .
some schools have managed to have a policy laid whereby all software which comes into the school , w ] [bought] by the library or by departments , is first catalogue classified by the school librarian , thereby ensuring that a comprehensive catalogue ( available on disk and print-out ) can be maintained .

word processing for staff and pupils 2. database creation 3. local viewdata/teletext simulation and that , in future , other software could only be purchased if it had been seen and appraised .
word processing for staff and pupils 2. database creation 3. local viewdata/teletext simulation and that , in future , other software could only be [bought] if it had been seen and appraised .

As the property was purchased jointly for the husband and the wife , it would seem unreasonable for the wife 's solicitors to insist on a full abstract of title and investigation thereof .
as the property was [bought] jointly for the husband and the wife , it would seem unreasonable for the wife 's solicitors to insist on a full abstract of title and investigation thereof .

If the house was formerly in the sole name of the husband it would be quite appropriate for the wife 's solicitors to insist on a full abstract of title commencing with a good root of title ( although in practice it seems to be accepted that the title was properly investigated at the time of the husband 's purchase ) ; but in the case of a house already in joint names it is thought that this could be dispensed with , the wife 's solicitor assuming that a proper investigation of title to the property was made at the time when the house was purchased by the husband and the wife .
if the house was formerly in the sole name of the husband it would be quite appropriate for the wife 's solicitors to insist on a full abstract of title commencing with a good root of title ( although in practice it seems to be accepted that the title was properly investigated at the time of the husband 's purchase ) ; but in the case of a house already in joint names it is thought that this could be dispensed with , the wife 's solicitor assuming that a proper investigation of title to the property was made at the time when the house was [bought] by the husband and the wife .

Purchased during that mad shopping trip at Bloomingdales , the minuscule garment in watery shades of blue and green had been by far the most decent item among the swimwear items bought for her by Ross .
[bought] during that mad shopping trip at bloomingdales , the minuscule garment in watery shades of blue and green had been by far the most decent item among the swimwear items bought for her by ross .

Land could be sold or leased to public or private bodies for any purpose , even if the purpose was different from the one for which the land was purchased .
land could be sold or leased to public or private bodies for any purpose , even if the purpose was different from the one for which the land was [bought] .

In 1969–70 the Land Commission purchased 1,000 acres by agreement and a further 240 acres compulsorily .
in 1969–70 the land commission [bought] 1,000 acres by agreement and a further 240 acres compulsorily .

As you can see from the balance sheet for the Issue Department , the note issue is backed by government and other securities ( such as fine bills purchased from the discount houses ) .
as you can see from the balance sheet for the issue department , the note issue is backed by government and other securities ( such as fine bills [bought] from the discount houses ) .

They also receive finance from the banks by selling them bills they have purchased .
they also receive finance from the banks by selling them bills they have [bought] .

Paying once a month for goods requires less money on average than paying separately for each item purchased .
paying once a month for goods requires less money on average than paying separately for each item [bought] .

The effect will be limited if the extra securities are Treasury bills ( as opposed to bonds ) and if some are purchased by discount houses and banks .
the effect will be limited if the extra securities are treasury bills ( as opposed to bonds ) and if some are [bought] by discount houses and banks .

As more assets are purchased , this will drive up their price .
as more assets are [bought] , this will drive up their price .

Fondant icing , royal icing and marzipan can either be made using the recipes at the beginning of the book or purchased ready-made ( see page 118 for a useful list of stores and mail-order suppliers ) .
fondant icing , royal icing and marzipan can either be made using the recipes at the beginning of the book or [bought] ready-made ( see page 118 for a useful list of stores and mail-order suppliers ) .

The Greek purchased a bag of sweets , well , not so much a bag as a twist of newspaper , distributed some of the sweets among his retinue of small boys and gave the rest to his guide .
the greek [bought] a bag of sweets , well , not so much a bag as a twist of newspaper , distributed some of the sweets among his retinue of small boys and gave the rest to his guide .

Owen purchased information every day .
owen [bought] information every day .

Purchased for the Mamur Zapt .
[bought] for the mamur zapt .

On 19 March 1678 Martin purchased a large house on the rue de Harlay from Achille de Harlay for 17,000 livres ( a large sum at that time ) .
on 19 march 1678 martin [bought] a large house on the rue de harlay from achille de harlay for 17,000 livres ( a large sum at that time ) .

She 'd lavished the new moisturiser on her face , outlined her mouth with a muted pink lipstick , and for the finishing touch gathered her hair into a loose knot on top of her head with a length of black velvet purchased along with the cosmetics .
she 'd lavished the new moisturiser on her face , outlined her mouth with a muted pink lipstick , and for the finishing touch gathered her hair into a loose knot on top of her head with a length of black velvet [bought] along with the cosmetics .

Charity knew she was n't going to look gorgeous no matter what she did , and deciding she needed all the help she could get to lure in those tips that might hold off personal bankruptcy for three months , she had purchased the skirt and shirt — with six other summery , playful outfits that she would probably never be able to wear again as long as she lived .
charity knew she was n't going to look gorgeous no matter what she did , and deciding she needed all the help she could get to lure in those tips that might hold off personal bankruptcy for three months , she had [bought] the skirt and shirt — with six other summery , playful outfits that she would probably never be able to wear again as long as she lived .

In the two months remaining Fabia got her cases packed and repacked and purchased a Czechoslovakian-English phrase book .
in the two months remaining fabia got her cases packed and repacked and [bought] a czechoslovakian-english phrase book .

She occasionally did style her hair that way and , since she had never so much as dreamt of meeting Ven when she 'd purchased her black dress , no one could suggest that she had bought it with him in mind .
she occasionally did style her hair that way and , since she had never so much as dreamt of meeting ven when she 'd [bought] her black dress , no one could suggest that she had bought it with him in mind .

The said finished Products shall be purchased at the prices laid down in cl 5 and the said packaging materials at cost to the Supplier plus five percent .
the said finished products shall be [bought] at the prices laid down in cl 5 and the said packaging materials at cost to the supplier plus five percent .

It is thought that the presumption contained in subs ( 3 ) in relation to the purchase of land would be applied by analogy in the event of a dispute over the ownership of other assets purchased in similar circumstances .
it is thought that the presumption contained in subs ( 3 ) in relation to the purchase of land would be applied by analogy in the event of a dispute over the ownership of other assets [bought] in similar circumstances .

Financing such payments ( which frequently would take the form of annuity payments by the firm out of its profits or an annuity contract purchased by the firm ) was never easy and reliance had to be placed on incoming partners ' immediate capital contributions .
financing such payments ( which frequently would take the form of annuity payments by the firm out of its profits or an annuity contract [bought] by the firm ) was never easy and reliance had to be placed on incoming partners ' immediate capital contributions .

An added precautionary measure is to form Newco specially for the management buy-out rather than acquire a shelf company , because a shelf company 's accounting period may have commenced at a time when its Memorandum of Association does not reflect the relevant purpose test , for example , where a general trading company is purchased and turned into a holding company .
an added precautionary measure is to form newco specially for the management buy-out rather than acquire a shelf company , because a shelf company 's accounting period may have commenced at a time when its memorandum of association does not reflect the relevant purpose test , for example , where a general trading company is [bought] and turned into a holding company .

Goodwill will usually have a zero base cost because it will have been created during the vendor 's running of the business ( contrast purchased goodwill which must be written off ) .
goodwill will usually have a zero base cost because it will have been created during the vendor 's running of the business ( contrast [bought] goodwill which must be written off ) .

The investors do not perceive the warranties as providing them with a course of action , but as a way for management to confirm the business plan and the facts of the accountants ' report ; and provide as much information as possible about the business to be purchased .
the investors do not perceive the warranties as providing them with a course of action , but as a way for management to confirm the business plan and the facts of the accountants ' report ; and provide as much information as possible about the business to be [bought] .

For the purposes of an asset sale , the most important exemption relates to the restrictive covenants sought by a purchaser in order to protect the goodwill of the business being purchased .
for the purposes of an asset sale , the most important exemption relates to the restrictive covenants sought by a purchaser in order to protect the goodwill of the business being [bought] .

Eventually about 600,000 acres , or 10 per cent of present farmland , will be purchased by the government for the scheme .
eventually about 600,000 acres , or 10 per cent of present farmland , will be [bought] by the government for the scheme .

— As Israel 's freedom has been purchased by the death of the firstborn of Egypt , the nation 's firstborn belong in a special sense to God and are to be " bought back " from him .
— as israel 's freedom has been [bought] by the death of the firstborn of egypt , the nation 's firstborn belong in a special sense to god and are to be " bought back " from him .

On one occasion Clara 's class purchased a pound of sausages , took them in with them , and roasted them on one of the burners , and ate them , in full scent and in fairly good view ; Mrs Hill appeared not to notice , and talked quietly on of Boyle 's law .
on one occasion clara 's class [bought] a pound of sausages , took them in with them , and roasted them on one of the burners , and ate them , in full scent and in fairly good view ; mrs hill appeared not to notice , and talked quietly on of boyle 's law .

But she could not see it as such and indeed it could be said , on her behalf , that not a single object had been purchased or positioned for its decorative value .
but she could not see it as such and indeed it could be said , on her behalf , that not a single object had been [bought] or positioned for its decorative value .

Most of them had been in from the start , born survivors , born leaders : amongst these lucky few were numbered Rosie Lane , an athletic , pretty , small-faced girl whose father owned a large grocer 's , and whose primal popularity h ) d been cheaply purchased by the judicious distribution of dried apricots and jelly cubes , which the girls devoured whole .
most of them had been in from the start , born survivors , born leaders : amongst these lucky few were numbered rosie lane , an athletic , pretty , small-faced girl whose father owned a large grocer 's , and whose primal popularity h ) d been cheaply [bought] by the judicious distribution of dried apricots and jelly cubes , which the girls devoured whole .

The table was a specific response to a limited supply of 3in English oak that has been purchased without any clear purpose .
the table was a specific response to a limited supply of 3in english oak that has been [bought] without any clear purpose .

More land was purchased for playgrounds in 1837 and 1839 ; a rent-free house for the Usher was added in 1839 .
more land was [bought] for playgrounds in 1837 and 1839 ; a rent-free house for the usher was added in 1839 .

This proved to be an unsatisfactory arrangement , and with the help of the Old Boys ' Association a four-acre field in Adswood was purchased .
this proved to be an unsatisfactory arrangement , and with the help of the old boys ' association a four-acre field in adswood was [bought] .

It was as if he were still competing for Martha : every return to harbour became a race between his ketch and Sam 's ; every catch had to be compared for weight and quality , and every new little luxury Harry purchased for himself or his wife had to be announced that evening in the Russell alehouse as further proof of his superiority .
it was as if he were still competing for martha : every return to harbour became a race between his ketch and sam 's ; every catch had to be compared for weight and quality , and every new little luxury harry [bought] for himself or his wife had to be announced that evening in the russell alehouse as further proof of his superiority .

All types of a-v , museum , artefact and other stimulus material may be involved , and if it is not immediately available it may have to be purchased , borrowed or created .
all types of a-v , museum , artefact and other stimulus material may be involved , and if it is not immediately available it may have to be [bought] , borrowed or created .

My immediate thought was for the very basic question of acquiring premises , space to accommodate staff and the books we have purchased .
my immediate thought was for the very basic question of acquiring premises , space to accommodate staff and the books we have [bought] .

The drawings have now had to be purchased individually and other British institutions have been invited to join the consortium , with the British Museum acting as broker .
the drawings have now had to be [bought] individually and other british institutions have been invited to join the consortium , with the british museum acting as broker .

Five further drawings were purchased after the sale from dealers , again with outside support .
five further drawings were [bought] after the sale from dealers , again with outside support .

Barber Institute of Fine Arts , Birmingham and Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery jointly purchased Pietro da Cortona 's exceptional ‘ Wooded River Landscape with Cascades ’ ( £268,200 , est .
barber institute of fine arts , birmingham and birmingham museum and art gallery jointly [bought] pietro da cortona 's exceptional ‘ wooded river landscape with cascades ’ ( £268,200 , est .

Larry Gagosian paid the highest price of the evening when he purchased a magnificent untitled canvas from the Bolsena series , executed by Cy Twombly in 1969 ( lot 33 , est .
larry gagosian paid the highest price of the evening when he [bought] a magnificent untitled canvas from the bolsena series , executed by cy twombly in 1969 ( lot 33 , est .

$ 600–800,000 ) was purchased by Jeffrey Deitch for $ 575,000 ( £319,400 ) .
$ 600–800,000 ) was [bought] by jeffrey deitch for $ 575,000 ( £319,400 ) .

$ 250–350,000 ) , an important crockery picture , had been purchased by a telephone bidder against art adviser Jeffrey Deitch .
$ 250–350,000 ) , an important crockery picture , had been [bought] by a telephone bidder against art adviser jeffrey deitch .

Seated in the second row , Broad purchased a second composition by Morley , ‘ Age of Catastrophe ’ ( Sotheby 's lot 46 , est .
seated in the second row , broad [bought] a second composition by morley , ‘ age of catastrophe ’ ( sotheby 's lot 46 , est .

Around 1903 , Colnaghi 's successful informal partnership with Knoedler 's began in an atmosphere which Hall describes as characterised by ‘ an affection and openness unusual among dealers of today ’ , and rested its success on Colnaghi 's ability to supply Old Masters , particularly Dutch seventeenth-century paintings , subsequently purchased by Henry Frick , and which formed the core of his collection .
around 1903 , colnaghi 's successful informal partnership with knoedler 's began in an atmosphere which hall describes as characterised by ‘ an affection and openness unusual among dealers of today ’ , and rested its success on colnaghi 's ability to supply old masters , particularly dutch seventeenth-century paintings , subsequently [bought] by henry frick , and which formed the core of his collection .

In 1987 the Getty purchased the celebrated ‘ Visions of Tondal ’ illuminated for Margaret of York in 1474 , presumably by Simon Marmion .
in 1987 the getty [bought] the celebrated ‘ visions of tondal ’ illuminated for margaret of york in 1474 , presumably by simon marmion .

This tax now decreases by 7 % per year for every year an item purchased at auction remains with the purchaser .
this tax now decreases by 7 % per year for every year an item [bought] at auction remains with the purchaser .

Those aware that in May 1989 Sotheby 's New York sold for $67 million a small group of Impressionist and Post-Impressionist paintings inherited and collected by Ortiz-Patiño and once displayed in his house in Switzerland ( notable among the eight paintings offered at the time was Gauguin 's ‘ Mata Mua ’ , a Tahitian composition that sold for over $24 million to its former co-owner , Baron Thyssen , having been jointly purchased by Ortiz-Patiño and Thyssen only five years before at Sotheby 's New York for $3.85 million ) , may ask themselves how will Jaime Ortiz-Patiño furnish and decorate his London flat ? With help from master decorator Renzo Mongiardino , who is known to have helped him in the past , Ortiz-Patiño should have little trouble showing off the rare editions , manuscripts and fine bindings first collected by his father ; his own Dutch and Spanish Old Master paintings ; English silver by Paul de Lamerie and the gold snuff boxes he has been collecting since 1956 .
those aware that in may 1989 sotheby 's new york sold for $67 million a small group of impressionist and post-impressionist paintings inherited and collected by ortiz-patiño and once displayed in his house in switzerland ( notable among the eight paintings offered at the time was gauguin 's ‘ mata mua ’ , a tahitian composition that sold for over $24 million to its former co-owner , baron thyssen , having been jointly [bought] by ortiz-patiño and thyssen only five years before at sotheby 's new york for $3.85 million ) , may ask themselves how will jaime ortiz-patiño furnish and decorate his london flat ? with help from master decorator renzo mongiardino , who is known to have helped him in the past , ortiz-patiño should have little trouble showing off the rare editions , manuscripts and fine bindings first collected by his father ; his own dutch and spanish old master paintings ; english silver by paul de lamerie and the gold snuff boxes he has been collecting since 1956 .

He made a number of startling finds : an early Bernini ‘ Allegory of Autumn ’ ; a Bust of a Youth by Francesco Mochi ; and a terracotta preliminary model of the executioner by Verrocchio for the relief of the ‘ Beheading of the Batpist ’ in Florence 's Baptistery , purchased in a street market .
he made a number of startling finds : an early bernini ‘ allegory of autumn ’ ; a bust of a youth by francesco mochi ; and a terracotta preliminary model of the executioner by verrocchio for the relief of the ‘ beheading of the batpist ’ in florence 's baptistery , [bought] in a street market .

It has been purchased for £120,000 by Dr Raymond and Mrs Beverley Sackler and presented to the Museum in honour of Sir David Wilson , Director from 1977–91 .
it has been [bought] for £120,000 by dr raymond and mrs beverley sackler and presented to the museum in honour of sir david wilson , director from 1977–91 .

At present there are only local house-sale type auctions in the country , which fail to take advantage of a ready pool of consigners , including maharajas whose grandparents purchased European paintings in the late nineteenth century .
at present there are only local house-sale type auctions in the country , which fail to take advantage of a ready pool of consigners , including maharajas whose grandparents [bought] european paintings in the late nineteenth century .

Two seasons ago Metro Pictures treated us to a collection of ‘ found art ’ paintings by anonymous amateur limners purchased mostly at thrift shops by a West Coast artist named Jim Shaw .
two seasons ago metro pictures treated us to a collection of ‘ found art ’ paintings by anonymous amateur limners [bought] mostly at thrift shops by a west coast artist named jim shaw .

Pierre Matisse , the artist 's son , who ran the famous New York gallery which bore his name from 1931 until August 1989 when he died aged eighty-eight , left a stock of 2,300 paintings by sixty-one modern artists , purchased for $ 142.8 million by Sotheby 's and New York dealer William Acquavella .
pierre matisse , the artist 's son , who ran the famous new york gallery which bore his name from 1931 until august 1989 when he died aged eighty-eight , left a stock of 2,300 paintings by sixty-one modern artists , [bought] for $ 142.8 million by sotheby 's and new york dealer william acquavella .

This is subject to a requirement that the current owner in possession originally purchased the work :
this is subject to a requirement that the current owner in possession originally [bought] the work :

If the chattel has been purchased through a dealer or auction house or in market overt ‘ it can not be recovered from the first purchaser or any subsequent bona fide purchaser , unless he is compensated for the purchase-money paid ’ [ Art .
if the chattel has been [bought] through a dealer or auction house or in market overt ‘ it can not be recovered from the first purchaser or any subsequent bona fide purchaser , unless he is compensated for the purchase-money paid ’ [ art .

There were hardly any well known names ; the recently purchased Simon Vouet is very poorly executed .
there were hardly any well known names ; the recently [bought] simon vouet is very poorly executed .

Two pictures by Jan ‘ Velvet ’ Brueghel were mentioned , and , it was said , an honestly purchased portrait by Vigée-Lebrun .
two pictures by jan ‘ velvet ’ brueghel were mentioned , and , it was said , an honestly [bought] portrait by vigée-lebrun .

million ( $ 2 million ; estimate in excess of £750,000 ) , had been purchased by her from Christie 's for £300,000 in 1981 , where it had been consigned from Meikleour , having formed part of the original collection .
million ( $ 2 million ; estimate in excess of £750,000 ) , had been [bought] by her from christie 's for £300,000 in 1981 , where it had been consigned from meikleour , having formed part of the original collection .

This masterpiece of oriental textile art , which measures 34′ 6″ × 17′ 6″ ( 10.52 × 5.33 m ) and contains approximately 33 million hand-tied knots at a ratio of 340 knots per in 2 was purchased in about 1880 from a mosque in the north-east Persian town of Ardebil by an English merchant , for approximately £2,400 .
this masterpiece of oriental textile art , which measures 34′ 6″ × 17′ 6″ ( 10.52 × 5.33 m ) and contains approximately 33 million hand-tied knots at a ratio of 340 knots per in 2 was [bought] in about 1880 from a mosque in the north-east persian town of ardebil by an english merchant , for approximately £2,400 .

If the owner moves to larger or smaller premises , rugs can simply be added or taken away ; equally , if a rug is damaged another can be purchased for far less than it would cost to have the entire floor covering replaced ; and by simply interchanging items it is also possible to alter the whole appearance of a room .
if the owner moves to larger or smaller premises , rugs can simply be added or taken away ; equally , if a rug is damaged another can be [bought] for far less than it would cost to have the entire floor covering replaced ; and by simply interchanging items it is also possible to alter the whole appearance of a room .

Provided the colours look attractive when the rug is purchased , the overwhelming probability is that they will only improve with age .
provided the colours look attractive when the rug is [bought] , the overwhelming probability is that they will only improve with age .

The first step is therefore to decide exactly how much you want to spend and then to look at the range of items that can be purchased for this figure or less .
the first step is therefore to decide exactly how much you want to spend and then to look at the range of items that can be [bought] for this figure or less .

Take the component case : suppose both cars use the same gearbox , purchased from an outside source .
take the component case : suppose both cars use the same gearbox , [bought] from an outside source .

However , there is no particular reason to confine ourselves to constant per unit prices , and we should also consider non linear outlay schedules , in which charges are not strictly proportional to the number of units purchased .
however , there is no particular reason to confine ourselves to constant per unit prices , and we should also consider non linear outlay schedules , in which charges are not strictly proportional to the number of units [bought] .

In 1857 he purchased a large Georgian house overlooking the High Street .
in 1857 he [bought] a large georgian house overlooking the high street .

In 1864 he purchased Sentry Fields extending from the top of Seymer Road to Durlston Head and developed it as the Durlston Park estate .
in 1864 he [bought] sentry fields extending from the top of seymer road to durlston head and developed it as the durlston park estate .

The life style of the bourgeois lady was purchased at the expense of a large class of servants , often prone to sexual depredations , and an equally vulnerable group of prostitutes .
the life style of the bourgeois lady was [bought] at the expense of a large class of servants , often prone to sexual depredations , and an equally vulnerable group of prostitutes .

But the hysteric purchased her escape from the effects of frequent sexual demands on her life only at the cost of pain , disability and an intensification of women 's traditional dependence .
but the hysteric [bought] her escape from the effects of frequent sexual demands on her life only at the cost of pain , disability and an intensification of women 's traditional dependence .

Rowntree 's poverty line was drawn up , however , on the assumption that food was ‘ all purchased at the lowest current prices .
rowntree 's poverty line was drawn up , however , on the assumption that food was ‘ all [bought] at the lowest current prices .

It further assumes that no clothing is purchased which is not absolutely necessary for health and assumes too that it is of the plainest and most economical description .
it further assumes that no clothing is [bought] which is not absolutely necessary for health and assumes too that it is of the plainest and most economical description .

Wealthy merchants purchased samurai rank and landholdings .
wealthy merchants [bought] samurai rank and landholdings .

The price of rice , which was in any case subject to considerable fluctuations , failed to keep pace with the increase in the prices of many other commodities purchased by samurai .
the price of rice , which was in any case subject to considerable fluctuations , failed to keep pace with the increase in the prices of many other commodities [bought] by samurai .

Farmers had purchased land at quite unrealistic prices at the time of the reform and were not burdened with long-term borrowing .
farmers had [bought] land at quite unrealistic prices at the time of the reform and were not burdened with long-term borrowing .

Resolutions in general meeting ( or partnership meeting ) of both companies is , of course , a condition precedent and minority members or shareholders must be paid off respectively , their shares purchased and cancelled .
resolutions in general meeting ( or partnership meeting ) of both companies is , of course , a condition precedent and minority members or shareholders must be paid off respectively , their shares [bought] and cancelled .

In other cases assessments will normally also take account of the purpose of the proposed loan and the useful life of the asset being purchased .
in other cases assessments will normally also take account of the purpose of the proposed loan and the useful life of the asset being [bought] .

These were purchased by John and Richard at their own expense and are of ‘ Britannia ’ style being manufactured in Chippenham , Wilts by Skillcraft .
these were [bought] by john and richard at their own expense and are of ‘ britannia ’ style being manufactured in chippenham , wilts by skillcraft .

13 wooden bodied four-wheel wagons , some of them of Midland Railway origin , have been purchased by Trust member Peter Stanley .
13 wooden bodied four-wheel wagons , some of them of midland railway origin , have been [bought] by trust member peter stanley .

The lining was to be white in the infantry , but many individuals purchased light blue-lined capes .
the lining was to be white in the infantry , but many individuals [bought] light blue-lined capes .

Rather ignominiously , it was used as part payment of a bad debt to a coachbuilder , Robert Jeffrey of Grays Inn Road , with whom it remained neglected and almost forgotten until purchased by Madame Tussaud in 1842 for the princely sum of £52 .
rather ignominiously , it was used as part payment of a bad debt to a coachbuilder , robert jeffrey of grays inn road , with whom it remained neglected and almost forgotten until [bought] by madame tussaud in 1842 for the princely sum of £52 .

Purchased furniture on credit from Mitre Furnishings Co .
[bought] furniture on credit from mitre furnishings co .

Purchased provisions for cash £250 .
[bought] provisions for cash £250 .

An invoice is a detailed account of goods purchased .
an invoice is a detailed account of goods [bought] .

After the end of the hours during which sales are permitted , ten minutes is allowed for drinking up liquor already purchased .
after the end of the hours during which sales are permitted , ten minutes is allowed for drinking up liquor already [bought] .

Family health services authorities have found themselves acting with and on behalf of district health authorities wanting to get closer to general practitioners and to understand better what they want purchased .
family health services authorities have found themselves acting with and on behalf of district health authorities wanting to get closer to general practitioners and to understand better what they want [bought] .

Thirdly , the current pace of change in ideas about what needs to be purchased is increasing .
thirdly , the current pace of change in ideas about what needs to be [bought] is increasing .

It is clear that general practitioners have the potential to be able contributors to the discussion of what needs to be purchased and where , although the mechanisms by which this is achieved need a variety of well thought out and appropriate structures .
it is clear that general practitioners have the potential to be able contributors to the discussion of what needs to be [bought] and where , although the mechanisms by which this is achieved need a variety of well thought out and appropriate structures .

General practitioners should be involved in the purchasing process as they purchase the bulk of health care ; are the first point of contact for the users of the health service ; need to have input on what is purchased ; and need to be able to manage the changes resulting from the shift in the balance of power towards primary care
general practitioners should be involved in the purchasing process as they purchase the bulk of health care ; are the first point of contact for the users of the health service ; need to have input on what is [bought] ; and need to be able to manage the changes resulting from the shift in the balance of power towards primary care

Binoculars mounted on a clamp which can easily be purchased .
binoculars mounted on a clamp which can easily be [bought] .

Water-fleas ( Daphnia ) , blood-worms and a few other kinds of small animal can be purchased cheaply from aquarists ' shops , where they are sold as live food for tropical fish .
water-fleas ( daphnia ) , blood-worms and a few other kinds of small animal can be [bought] cheaply from aquarists ' shops , where they are sold as live food for tropical fish .

There are severe limits to the numbers of client lists that can be purchased .
there are severe limits to the numbers of client lists that can be [bought] .

Investors were not told of these connections before they purchased the shares .
investors were not told of these connections before they [bought] the shares .

Besides , Harvard 's own shares , when purchased in sufficient quantity , dispensed with the need for clients to pay the £12 administration cheque on their deals .
besides , harvard 's own shares , when [bought] in sufficient quantity , dispensed with the need for clients to pay the £12 administration cheque on their deals .

The Judge said , `` You may not be hanged for your crime , you must be sentenced to seven years to his Majesty 's colonies in Virginia , where your bond will be purchased , and you will work as a purchaser directs for seven years in Virginia . ``
the judge said , `` you may not be hanged for your crime , you must be sentenced to seven years to his majesty 's colonies in virginia , where your bond will be [bought] , and you will work as a purchaser directs for seven years in virginia . ``

Stage 2 is the selection , ordering and acquisition of book and non-book material purchased through the project grant , up to and including the utilisation of those resources by the children themselves .
stage 2 is the selection , ordering and acquisition of book and non-book material [bought] through the project grant , up to and including the utilisation of those resources by the children themselves .

In both schools the conversion of depressed and under-utilised premises into business-like , welcoming and tasteful accommodation not only gave visible recognition to the library but must also have increased the attraction of the library and thus encouraged the utilisation of the materials purchased under the project .
in both schools the conversion of depressed and under-utilised premises into business-like , welcoming and tasteful accommodation not only gave visible recognition to the library but must also have increased the attraction of the library and thus encouraged the utilisation of the materials [bought] under the project .

While some schools did evaluate in committee the development of the library in the context of the project — and it is clear that developments in pedagogy were attributed at least partly to the project — we were not made aware of any which specifically monitored the number of times children and teachers borrowed or read books purchased specifically with project funds .
while some schools did evaluate in committee the development of the library in the context of the project — and it is clear that developments in pedagogy were attributed at least partly to the project — we were not made aware of any which specifically monitored the number of times children and teachers borrowed or read books [bought] specifically with project funds .

What we did not see were any examples of pupil-centred enquiry methods being employed by teachers and using materials specifically purchased for this purpose with project funds , as predicted in the proposal documents .
what we did not see were any examples of pupil-centred enquiry methods being employed by teachers and using materials specifically [bought] for this purpose with project funds , as predicted in the proposal documents .

In 1985 , the Controller of the Audit Commission estimated that each year ‘ at least £3 billion worth of goods and services is purchased by competitive tendering ’ ( Banham 1985 : 12 ) .
in 1985 , the controller of the audit commission estimated that each year ‘ at least £3 billion worth of goods and services is [bought] by competitive tendering ’ ( banham 1985 : 12 ) .

But the really significant part of this transaction is the fact that the bank guarantee for the loan notes was not put in place until days before Telecom purchased the site .
but the really significant part of this transaction is the fact that the bank guarantee for the loan notes was not put in place until days before telecom [bought] the site .

Tickets can be purchased at the Screen Cinema and McCullough Pigott on Suffolk Street .
tickets can be [bought] at the screen cinema and mccullough pigott on suffolk street .

Eventually the townsmen ( or burgesses ) , using wealth acquired from trade , purchased considerable freedoms from feudal obligations .
eventually the townsmen ( or burgesses ) , using wealth acquired from trade , [bought] considerable freedoms from feudal obligations .

Because Cosmos have purchased your ticket in advance for inclusion in your holiday package your entry into the Theme Park is guaranteed .
because cosmos have [bought] your ticket in advance for inclusion in your holiday package your entry into the theme park is guaranteed .

Third , there will be a single unified social care budget which will cover all forms of care , either residential or domiciliary , purchased by local authorities .
third , there will be a single unified social care budget which will cover all forms of care , either residential or domiciliary , [bought] by local authorities .

The parking bays remains , but vouchers may be purchased individually or in books of 10 from various outlets in the town ( such as the Tourist Information Centre , Brighton Centre , selected newsagents , post offices , shops , garages , hotels , etc . )
the parking bays remains , but vouchers may be [bought] individually or in books of 10 from various outlets in the town ( such as the tourist information centre , brighton centre , selected newsagents , post offices , shops , garages , hotels , etc . )

It was also one of the most economical , which was why Kolchinsky would have purchased it in the first place .
it was also one of the most economical , which was why kolchinsky would have [bought] it in the first place .

Consequently , all investors who had purchased Douglas Aircraft stock between the date when the defendant first traded and the date when the disclosure was finally made were prima facie eligible to bring a private action under Rule 10b-5 .
consequently , all investors who had [bought] douglas aircraft stock between the date when the defendant first traded and the date when the disclosure was finally made were prima facie eligible to bring a private action under rule 10b-5 .

In late November , on the strength of this certificate — attesting to his own mental good health , and that the gun was to be used only for reasonable purposes — Lepine went to Checkmate Sports , a hunting and fishing store in north Montreal , and purchased a Sturm-Ruger Mini-14 semi-automatic rifle , ammunition and a magazine clip .
in late november , on the strength of this certificate — attesting to his own mental good health , and that the gun was to be used only for reasonable purposes — lepine went to checkmate sports , a hunting and fishing store in north montreal , and [bought] a sturm-ruger mini-14 semi-automatic rifle , ammunition and a magazine clip .

To fight damp when it is constantly present means laying out vast sums of money on coal or coke , which become more expensive because small quantities have to be purchased for want of ready money to meet large bills .
to fight damp when it is constantly present means laying out vast sums of money on coal or coke , which become more expensive because small quantities have to be [bought] for want of ready money to meet large bills .

It was later sold to an ironstone quarry where it continued in use until 1963 when it was purchased for preservation .
it was later sold to an ironstone quarry where it continued in use until 1963 when it was [bought] for preservation .

Uranium and other prescribed minerals relating to the production of atomic energy belong to the mineral rights owner , but may be compulsorily purchased by the Secretary of State for Energy with compensation under powers granted in the Atomic Energy Act 1946 .
uranium and other prescribed minerals relating to the production of atomic energy belong to the mineral rights owner , but may be compulsorily [bought] by the secretary of state for energy with compensation under powers granted in the atomic energy act 1946 .

For a work which is specially commissioned or purchased , you may agree to transfer the copyright .
for a work which is specially commissioned or [bought] , you may agree to transfer the copyright .

Their final outing in Scotland was a shopping trip to Paisley , where all sorts of presents were purchased for their families and friends back home .
their final outing in scotland was a shopping trip to paisley , where all sorts of presents were [bought] for their families and friends back home .

In the event of his having to pay value added tax and car tax on the import into the United Kingdom of a car purchased by him to replace the car in respect of which a claim has been settled on a total loss basis
in the event of his having to pay value added tax and car tax on the import into the united kingdom of a car [bought] by him to replace the car in respect of which a claim has been settled on a total loss basis

Mr Norman Huntingford kindly presented his competition binding to the Library , and the Library also purchased bindings by Mrs Maureen Duke and Mr Mike Duckworth .
mr norman huntingford kindly presented his competition binding to the library , and the library also [bought] bindings by mrs maureen duke and mr mike duckworth .

Works from important early Scottish libraries are purchased by the Library when they come to notice .
works from important early scottish libraries are [bought] by the library when they come to notice .

However , works produced in only a small number of copies are often not received in terms of the Copyright Act , and instead are purchased to ensure that a copy is added to the collection .
however , works produced in only a small number of copies are often not received in terms of the copyright act , and instead are [bought] to ensure that a copy is added to the collection .

Among works purchased this year were Duncan Glen 's Out of the Calf of Man , September 1989 : a Poem and Etchings ( [ Edinburgh ] , 1990 ) , one of an edition of ten numbered copies privately printed by the artist/poet at Edinburgh Printmakers ' Workshop ; Geoffrey MacEwen 's Inferno : a Book of Twenty-one Drypoints ( Edinburgh , 1990 ) , based on Dante 's Divine Comedy , one of an edition of fifteen copies ; and Ken Campbell 's Martyrs ( [ England ] , 1989 ) , an interpretation of the psalm tune ‘ Martyrs ’ , one of an edition of 40 copies .
among works [bought] this year were duncan glen 's out of the calf of man , september 1989 : a poem and etchings ( [ edinburgh ] , 1990 ) , one of an edition of ten numbered copies privately printed by the artist/poet at edinburgh printmakers ' workshop ; geoffrey macewen 's inferno : a book of twenty-one drypoints ( edinburgh , 1990 ) , based on dante 's divine comedy , one of an edition of fifteen copies ; and ken campbell 's martyrs ( [ england ] , 1989 ) , an interpretation of the psalm tune ‘ martyrs ’ , one of an edition of 40 copies .

Several further letters of Lord Kelvin were purchased .
several further letters of lord kelvin were [bought] .

Following this presentation , branch manager Alan Marsden presented both technicians with a pair of binoculars each purchased from contributions made by branch colleagues .
following this presentation , branch manager alan marsden presented both technicians with a pair of binoculars each [bought] from contributions made by branch colleagues .

Claims submitted with only vague details e.g. make , model numbers unknown , no receipts or valuations available and can not recall where or when item was purchased .
claims submitted with only vague details e.g. make , model numbers unknown , no receipts or valuations available and can not recall where or when item was [bought] .

Many permutations do exist but as a general rule , the matching of items clause should apply where the remaining undamaged parts of a set or suite can still fulfill the role for which they were purchased .
many permutations do exist but as a general rule , the matching of items clause should apply where the remaining undamaged parts of a set or suite can still fulfill the role for which they were [bought] .

In the past where an item had been lost or stolen which was originally purchased abroad and the Claimant admitted that no customs duty had been paid our liability was the value of the goods less the amount of any duty payable .
in the past where an item had been lost or stolen which was originally [bought] abroad and the claimant admitted that no customs duty had been paid our liability was the value of the goods less the amount of any duty payable .

Items which are purchased with the vessel and which would be sold with it , are normally to be considered as part of the hull and machinery and will be covered even if not specifically declared on the proposal .
items which are [bought] with the vessel and which would be sold with it , are normally to be considered as part of the hull and machinery and will be covered even if not specifically declared on the proposal .

For example , where a residential property has been purchased for investment purposes the bank/organisation may wish to notify its interest to the insurer .
for example , where a residential property has been [bought] for investment purposes the bank/organisation may wish to notify its interest to the insurer .

James Gillespie Graham 's The Chapel of St Anthony the Eremite at Murthly , Perthshire , the seat of Sir William Drummond Stewart ( Edinburgh , 19850 ) was purchased with a grant from the Friends of the National Libraries and donations from Scottish members .
james gillespie graham 's the chapel of st anthony the eremite at murthly , perthshire , the seat of sir william drummond stewart ( edinburgh , 19850 ) was [bought] with a grant from the friends of the national libraries and donations from scottish members .

The Society purchased 114 Chancery Lane in April ( adjacent to the Law Society 's Hall ) and Victoria Court , Leamington Spa in September , both of which are integral elements in the Society 's property strategy .
the society [bought] 114 chancery lane in april ( adjacent to the law society 's hall ) and victoria court , leamington spa in september , both of which are integral elements in the society 's property strategy .

‘ If [ the searcher ] is a lawyer , private publishers supply annually updated texts which are almost up to the minute when purchased and databases which are at least adequate .
‘ if [ the searcher ] is a lawyer , private publishers supply annually updated texts which are almost up to the minute when [bought] and databases which are at least adequate .

It will not apply to manufactured goods purchased for sale as such or part-manufactured goods sold for further processing into finished manufactured goods or jewellery .
it will not apply to manufactured goods [bought] for sale as such or part-manufactured goods sold for further processing into finished manufactured goods or jewellery .

Mrs Hawkins suggested that tablecloths — non iron variety — should be purchased to be used at the various functions requiring tables .
mrs hawkins suggested that tablecloths — non iron variety — should be [bought] to be used at the various functions requiring tables .

The South West Edinburgh plan states this area will be compulsorily purchased and landscaped .
the south west edinburgh plan states this area will be compulsorily [bought] and landscaped .

This pub has been purchased and will be refurbished .
this pub has been [bought] and will be refurbished .

Because of the slight bend in Captains Road to the west of No 109 , it would be unsafe for buses to stop outside the shops at numbers 119/121 , unless land were to be compulsorily purchased from the front gardens of Nos 113 , 115 , 117 and 123 to permit a realignment of the road .
because of the slight bend in captains road to the west of no 109 , it would be unsafe for buses to stop outside the shops at numbers 119/121 , unless land were to be compulsorily [bought] from the front gardens of nos 113 , 115 , 117 and 123 to permit a realignment of the road .

An antique revolver on display in his bookcase had not been fired since he had purchased it .
an antique revolver on display in his bookcase had not been fired since he had [bought] it .

It was he who had purchased the estate , renamed Shaw Place , where he had retired , a millionaire with a baronetcy , in 1885 .
it was he who had [bought] the estate , renamed shaw place , where he had retired , a millionaire with a baronetcy , in 1885 .

Like other Third World countries its quest for World Bank-induced export earnings through cash crops has been purchased at a high price with no apparent significant complementarity in food crops .
like other third world countries its quest for world bank-induced export earnings through cash crops has been [bought] at a high price with no apparent significant complementarity in food crops .

Gastrin releasing peptide was purchased from Cambridge Research Biochemicals ( Cheshire , England ) in 0.5 mg aliquots .
gastrin releasing peptide was [bought] from cambridge research biochemicals ( cheshire , england ) in 0.5 mg aliquots .

Male Sprague-Dawley rats weighing 110 to 120 g were purchased from Interfauna ( Barcelona , Spain ) .
male sprague-dawley rats weighing 110 to 120 g were [bought] from interfauna ( barcelona , spain ) .

Fifteenth-century agriculture , as we have seen ( Ch.2 ) , gave the peasantry opportunities to consolidate their holdings , and it may well be that this led to a decline in the traditional co-operative cultivation of the open-field communities , as men purchased their own draught animals and ploughs .
fifteenth-century agriculture , as we have seen ( ch.2 ) , gave the peasantry opportunities to consolidate their holdings , and it may well be that this led to a decline in the traditional co-operative cultivation of the open-field communities , as men [bought] their own draught animals and ploughs .

In 1445 , his English estates had an annual value of over £1,061 , and about three-quarters of this came from estates purchased out of his war gains .
in 1445 , his english estates had an annual value of over £1,061 , and about three-quarters of this came from estates [bought] out of his war gains .

These goods had a resale value of £12,000 and had been purchased by Transom Trading for £8,000 .
these goods had a resale value of £12,000 and had been [bought] by transom trading for £8,000 .

The car was purchased last year at a cost of £5,000 but a similar one year old car could be bought for £4,500 .
the car was [bought] last year at a cost of £5,000 but a similar one year old car could be bought for £4,500 .

The sail material is purchased in 100m lengths and these are delivered to the storeman who sorts the materials according to quality and width .
the sail material is [bought] in 100m lengths and these are delivered to the storeman who sorts the materials according to quality and width .

Purchased for cash assembly machinery for £40,000 .
[bought] for cash assembly machinery for £40,000 .

Day 3 Purchased 150 sets of material for sails for £20 per set and paid the £3,000 immediately .
day 3 [bought] 150 sets of material for sails for £20 per set and paid the £3,000 immediately .

Day 26 Purchased another 100 sets of sails , and paid for them in cash .
day 26 [bought] another 100 sets of sails , and paid for them in cash .

Purchased machinery to make the chairs at a cost of £4,000 paid for immediately .
[bought] machinery to make the chairs at a cost of £4,000 paid for immediately .

Day 3 Purchased 250 packs of end fittings for £l25 , together with a quantity of screws costing £40 .
day 3 [bought] 250 packs of end fittings for £l25 , together with a quantity of screws costing £40 .

Day 4 Purchased 150 sets of ready-cut seat bases and backrests at a price of £5 per set , and paid for them .
day 4 [bought] 150 sets of ready-cut seat bases and backrests at a price of £5 per set , and paid for them .

Day 26 Purchased and paid for another 100 sets of seats and backrests .
day 26 [bought] and paid for another 100 sets of seats and backrests .

Land and buildings : The land was purchased for £300,000 and £400,000 was spent on the erection of the factory and office accommodation .
land and buildings : the land was [bought] for £300,000 and £400,000 was spent on the erection of the factory and office accommodation .

In such cases the cost per unit of material will not solely depend upon the activity but also on the amount of goods purchased and therefore the variable costs will not behave in a linear fashion and will tend to reflect a curvilinear function .
in such cases the cost per unit of material will not solely depend upon the activity but also on the amount of goods [bought] and therefore the variable costs will not behave in a linear fashion and will tend to reflect a curvilinear function .

— Components specifically purchased for the production of products
— components specifically [bought] for the production of products

After-sales service : When a firm sells a product that embodies a component purchased externally it may find it difficult to service the product if the component is the cause of the malfunction of the product .
after-sales service : when a firm sells a product that embodies a component [bought] externally it may find it difficult to service the product if the component is the cause of the malfunction of the product .

However , given their risk-loving nature , greater protection is purchased by a low probability of a large prize rather than a high probability of a modest prize ; i.e .
however , given their risk-loving nature , greater protection is [bought] by a low probability of a large prize rather than a high probability of a modest prize ; i.e .

She only purchased unpackaged products , which she bore home in her ancient shopping bag .
she only [bought] unpackaged products , which she bore home in her ancient shopping bag .

Whatever could not be purchased unpackaged she manufactured herself .
whatever could not be [bought] unpackaged she manufactured herself .

The sales user 's typical functions include entering new clients ' names , the products which they have purchased and the maintenance agreements for which they have contracted .
the sales user 's typical functions include entering new clients ' names , the products which they have [bought] and the maintenance agreements for which they have contracted .

The sales user 's typical functions include entering new clients ' names , the products which they have purchased and the maintenance agreements for which they have contracted .
the sales user 's typical functions include entering new clients ' names , the products which they have [bought] and the maintenance agreements for which they have contracted .

In 1983 the company purchased the Palace Theatre in London for £12.3 million , both as a commercial theatre , and as a base for the organisation although a new company headquarters in the West End has recently been purchased for £3.3 million .
in 1983 the company [bought] the palace theatre in london for £12.3 million , both as a commercial theatre , and as a base for the organisation although a new company headquarters in the west end has recently been [bought] for £3.3 million .

The Pre-Raphaelites and their circle depicted jewellery in their paintings and also designed or purchased pieces to give to their relatives and friends .
the pre-raphaelites and their circle depicted jewellery in their paintings and also designed or [bought] pieces to give to their relatives and friends .

From Sept. 15 foreigners were forbidden to export scarce consumer goods , unless purchased for hard currency .
from sept. 15 foreigners were forbidden to export scarce consumer goods , unless [bought] for hard currency .

Solidarity factory commissions in the Gdansk shipyard and repair yards had demanded on July 3 that one-third of shares should go to the workforce ( to be paid for in instalments or with bank credits ) and that part of a share issue be purchased by their union to finance its activities .
solidarity factory commissions in the gdansk shipyard and repair yards had demanded on july 3 that one-third of shares should go to the workforce ( to be paid for in instalments or with bank credits ) and that part of a share issue be [bought] by their union to finance its activities .

Among many old documents purchased recently from a well-known auction house was a property transfer that you might very well like to see .
among many old documents [bought] recently from a well-known auction house was a property transfer that you might very well like to see .

Markets in exchange traded futures are much more `` transparent `` than the corresponding over the counter markets : the prices at which a future can be purchased are publicly available , and are the same for everyone .
markets in exchange traded futures are much more `` transparent `` than the corresponding over the counter markets : the prices at which a future can be [bought] are publicly available , and are the same for everyone .

Traditional options are contracts written by stock exchange market makers entitling their clients to buy or sell quoted shares in some stock in the future at a price fixed at the time the option contract is purchased .
traditional options are contracts written by stock exchange market makers entitling their clients to buy or sell quoted shares in some stock in the future at a price fixed at the time the option contract is [bought] .

Assuming that shares are purchased , whether to acquire full control , majority holding or a minority stake ? The contents of shareholder agreements may provide important protection for minority investors .
assuming that shares are [bought] , whether to acquire full control , majority holding or a minority stake ? the contents of shareholder agreements may provide important protection for minority investors .

Depreciation is to be calculated on the straight line basis to write off the net book value of fixed assets over their expected useful lives at the following annual rates , starting from the month that the asset was purchased .
depreciation is to be calculated on the straight line basis to write off the net book value of fixed assets over their expected useful lives at the following annual rates , starting from the month that the asset was [bought] .

The Business is being purchased ( partly ) for its goodwill and it is reasonable for the Vendor to be asked ( in effect ) whether there are any significant risks which would adversely affect that goodwill by virtue of the sale .
the business is being [bought] ( partly ) for its goodwill and it is reasonable for the vendor to be asked ( in effect ) whether there are any significant risks which would adversely affect that goodwill by virtue of the sale .

With so many of the competitors and spectators at Ferndown who purchased these designs having since had enquiry after enquiry as to where they came from , herewith the address : David Boccara , 87 Avenue Niel , 75017 , Paris .
with so many of the competitors and spectators at ferndown who [bought] these designs having since had enquiry after enquiry as to where they came from , herewith the address : david boccara , 87 avenue niel , 75017 , paris .

American-made golf cart , has been purchased by Gleneagles Golf Products Ltd , parent company of Auchterlonies of St. Andrews .
american-made golf cart , has been [bought] by gleneagles golf products ltd , parent company of auchterlonies of st. andrews .

Tickets purchased for the final adjudication night on Saturday will still be valid for the church hall performance .
tickets [bought] for the final adjudication night on saturday will still be valid for the church hall performance .

Having purchased faulty goods , you can return to the shop ( within a short time of purchase ) and request a refund of money .
having [bought] faulty goods , you can return to the shop ( within a short time of purchase ) and request a refund of money .

Purchased as a yearling for just £27,000 Nicer turned up trumps for Mrs Michael Corbett and the winning price was n't bad either with Nicer starting at odds of 8–1 .
[bought] as a yearling for just £27,000 nicer turned up trumps for mrs michael corbett and the winning price was n't bad either with nicer starting at odds of 8–1 .

However , where appropriate , commitments to rolling programmes of equipment purchased for governing bodies are made .
however , where appropriate , commitments to rolling programmes of equipment [bought] for governing bodies are made .

His sights are set on the British Supercup and British Championship in 1993 , riding an ex-Niall Mackenzie 250 Yamaha , which has been purchased by Charlie Smiley of Carrickfergus .
his sights are set on the british supercup and british championship in 1993 , riding an ex-niall mackenzie 250 yamaha , which has been [bought] by charlie smiley of carrickfergus .

Still increasing their number of titles which now stands at 23 , their newest , the Dromore Leader , purchased in October last year and the Castlereagh edition of the Ulster Star , are progressing well and fit in with Morton 's corporate goals , said the group 's senior executive John Morton .
still increasing their number of titles which now stands at 23 , their newest , the dromore leader , [bought] in october last year and the castlereagh edition of the ulster star , are progressing well and fit in with morton 's corporate goals , said the group 's senior executive john morton .

Pointed out that whereas Group can advise on computing aspects of engraving equipment , the actual machine would have to be purchased from Garden Capital Equipment budget .
pointed out that whereas group can advise on computing aspects of engraving equipment , the actual machine would have to be [bought] from garden capital equipment budget .

He also agreed to provide hardware documentation to Mrs Lomas , detailing when each item was purchased .
he also agreed to provide hardware documentation to mrs lomas , detailing when each item was [bought] .

Since the initial batch was purchased , machine specifications have improved , costs have come down , and user requirements have changed , diversified , and become more demanding .
since the initial batch was [bought] , machine specifications have improved , costs have come down , and user requirements have changed , diversified , and become more demanding .

Higher quality printers should be acquired for the heavy-duty work involved in printing out student theses in the third year , and for printing out graphic output from garden design software , which should be purchased from 1993/94 .
higher quality printers should be acquired for the heavy-duty work involved in printing out student theses in the third year , and for printing out graphic output from garden design software , which should be [bought] from 1993/94 .

By the end of 1981 over 350,000 Apple IIs had been purchased ; the company had experienced over 100 per cent growth annually and continues to enjoy a similar growth pattern .
by the end of 1981 over 350,000 apple iis had been [bought] ; the company had experienced over 100 per cent growth annually and continues to enjoy a similar growth pattern .

Having eaten two packets of bacon-flavoured potato crisps , he had purchased another tube of Rowntree 's Fruit Gums , which he was now enjoying while waiting for the lights to dim .
having eaten two packets of bacon-flavoured potato crisps , he had [bought] another tube of rowntree 's fruit gums , which he was now enjoying while waiting for the lights to dim .

Naturally one had wished to invite Mr Adolphus Moon who had just purchased a delightful house with extensive grounds near the village of Far Flatley , where Amabel herself would dearly love to build .
naturally one had wished to invite mr adolphus moon who had just [bought] a delightful house with extensive grounds near the village of far flatley , where amabel herself would dearly love to build .

The brothers had purchased a beautiful metal casket as a sign of their love for their mother .
the brothers had [bought] a beautiful metal casket as a sign of their love for their mother .

All four applications contained , Word 5.1 , Excel 4.0 spreadsheet , PowerPoint 3.0 presentation graphics and Mail 3.1 would cost over £1,000 if purchased separately at their recommended prices .
all four applications contained , word 5.1 , excel 4.0 spreadsheet , powerpoint 3.0 presentation graphics and mail 3.1 would cost over £1,000 if [bought] separately at their recommended prices .

This can be purchased at any computer supply store ( it 's basically isopropyl alcohol ) , then you must activate the disk drive .
this can be [bought] at any computer supply store ( it 's basically isopropyl alcohol ) , then you must activate the disk drive .

The Grampian Hospital Arts Project £1,000 commission was awarded to Morcant Tod and his piece entitled Notes on Buildings 1 was purchased for display in the hospital .
the grampian hospital arts project £1,000 commission was awarded to morcant tod and his piece entitled notes on buildings 1 was [bought] for display in the hospital .

Three pieces which were submitted were commended by the panel , although not purchased .
three pieces which were submitted were commended by the panel , although not [bought] .

No — this was still the interior of the Drum , its walls stained with smoke , its floor a compost of old rushes and nameless beetles , its sour beer not so much purchased as merely hired for a while .
no — this was still the interior of the drum , its walls stained with smoke , its floor a compost of old rushes and nameless beetles , its sour beer not so much [bought] as merely hired for a while .

Uncertain of the kind of climate which awaited her , she 'd consulted her hastily purchased travel guide , to be informed that Copenhagen was on the same latitude as Newcastle-on-Tyne in England and shared similar weather patterns .
uncertain of the kind of climate which awaited her , she 'd consulted her hastily [bought] travel guide , to be informed that copenhagen was on the same latitude as newcastle-on-tyne in england and shared similar weather patterns .

Indeed , very few players have been purchased outside the requirements of dedicated applications .
indeed , very few players have been [bought] outside the requirements of dedicated applications .

It can also be purchased independently for under £40 .
it can also be [bought] independently for under £40 .

He added fretfully , ‘ Your own new ships will come sooner , that you have purchased from Denmark .
he added fretfully , ‘ your own new ships will come sooner , that you have [bought] from denmark .

The mill purchased by from was built during 1973 and at the time of the take-over was producing around 70,000 tonnes a year .
the mill [bought] by from was built during 1973 and at the time of the take-over was producing around 70,000 tonnes a year .

the maximum number of Shares hereby authorised to be purchased shall be 15,000,000 ;
the maximum number of shares hereby authorised to be [bought] shall be 15,000,000 ;

and that all Shares so purchased in pursuance of this authority shall be cancelled immediately upon completion of the purchase and the amount of the Company 's issued share capital ( but not authorised share capital ) shall be reduced by the nominal amount of the Shares so purchased ’ .
and that all shares so [bought] in pursuance of this authority shall be cancelled immediately upon completion of the purchase and the amount of the company 's issued share capital ( but not authorised share capital ) shall be reduced by the nominal amount of the shares so [bought] ’ .

An example is Cressey 's 1932 study of the ‘ taxi dance hall ’ , a commercial institution in which men purchased dances from young women .
an example is cressey 's 1932 study of the ‘ taxi dance hall ’ , a commercial institution in which men [bought] dances from young women .

Commodities are purchased not for their use values but as signs and symbols to emphasise personal and social distinctiveness .
commodities are [bought] not for their use values but as signs and symbols to emphasise personal and social distinctiveness .

Events in many organisations could include ‘ customer makes an order and ‘ raw materials are purchased from supplier ’ and ‘ employee joins firm ’ .
events in many organisations could include ‘ customer makes an order and ‘ raw materials are [bought] from supplier ’ and ‘ employee joins firm ’ .

Only the wealthier trusts could afford his standards , but if they did so they purchased a road good for more than a century .
only the wealthier trusts could afford his standards , but if they did so they [bought] a road good for more than a century .

What took place was a widening and deepening of consumption so that goods previously confined to the wealthier classes came to be purchased next by the middle-income ranks and then , to some degree , by the lower .
what took place was a widening and deepening of consumption so that goods previously confined to the wealthier classes came to be [bought] next by the middle-income ranks and then , to some degree , by the lower .

The rich , however , also expanded the market for more modest goods than silks , Chippendale furniture and ornate carriages , for they also purchased uniforms for their servants and furniture for the servants ' hall , as well as the utensils for their great kitchens .
the rich , however , also expanded the market for more modest goods than silks , chippendale furniture and ornate carriages , for they also [bought] uniforms for their servants and furniture for the servants ' hall , as well as the utensils for their great kitchens .

The increasing numbers of white Americans of 1773 purchased British goods to the equivalent of £1.20p per person , compared with £1 in 1700 .
the increasing numbers of white americans of 1773 [bought] british goods to the equivalent of £1.20p per person , compared with £1 in 1700 .

In so far as they purchased stocks for their clients , that was , if an important redirection of resources , hardly an immediate switch between sectors .
in so far as they [bought] stocks for their clients , that was , if an important redirection of resources , hardly an immediate switch between sectors .

Always check the recommended wattage on any light shade purchased and do not fit bulbs which exceed it .
always check the recommended wattage on any light shade [bought] and do not fit bulbs which exceed it .

She was dressed in one of her old dark , low-waisted gowns for warmth , for she had purchased no winter clothing among the new , but her glorious hair was uncovered and half falling about her shoulders from a careless knot on top of her head .
she was dressed in one of her old dark , low-waisted gowns for warmth , for she had [bought] no winter clothing among the new , but her glorious hair was uncovered and half falling about her shoulders from a careless knot on top of her head .

Similarly , the last meal purchased must yield consumers 5 worth of extra utility .
similarly , the last meal [bought] must yield consumers 5 worth of extra utility .

Knowing nothing at all about the actions of other consumers and producers , each consumer will automatically ensure that the last film he or she purchases yields twice as much utility as the last meal purchased .
knowing nothing at all about the actions of other consumers and producers , each consumer will automatically ensure that the last film he or she purchases yields twice as much utility as the last meal [bought] .

Resale is not a problem when the commodity is a service ( train journeys , electricity supply ) , which must be consumed as it is purchased .
resale is not a problem when the commodity is a service ( train journeys , electricity supply ) , which must be consumed as it is [bought] .

These ‘ debt-equity swaps ’ merely push the debtor-country 's financial problems into the future because profits from the purchased companies will eventually be remitted to the North .
these ‘ debt-equity swaps ’ merely push the debtor-country 's financial problems into the future because profits from the [bought] companies will eventually be remitted to the north .

of the services of the trusts will be purchased by the health boards he will see how self-evident is the nonsense that he talks about fragmentation .
of the services of the trusts will be [bought] by the health boards he will see how self-evident is the nonsense that he talks about fragmentation .

They fall into two categories : people who own their own houses , the vast majority of whom have purchased their homes recently from the Housing Executive , and people who are Housing Executive tenants and require special adaptations .
they fall into two categories : people who own their own houses , the vast majority of whom have [bought] their homes recently from the housing executive , and people who are housing executive tenants and require special adaptations .

There 'll also be a list of groceries to be purchased in town .
there 'll also be a list of groceries to be [bought] in town .

of cars purchased these days run on diesel , and that there is widespread concern that the fuel used has a heavy sulphur content ?
of cars [bought] these days run on diesel , and that there is widespread concern that the fuel used has a heavy sulphur content ?

Since the catastrophic drop in attendance at the National Museum of Wales — a reduction which has largely been made up by the efforts of the museum staff — there is still bitter resentment among Welsh people that a barrier prevents them from seeing the treasures of Wales that were purchased and the national museum that was established as an expression of Welsh identity .
since the catastrophic drop in attendance at the national museum of wales — a reduction which has largely been made up by the efforts of the museum staff — there is still bitter resentment among welsh people that a barrier prevents them from seeing the treasures of wales that were [bought] and the national museum that was established as an expression of welsh identity .

We purchased our combined Crich/Midland Railway Centre ticket and began our trip into nostalgia , or at least the older members did !
we [bought] our combined crich/midland railway centre ticket and began our trip into nostalgia , or at least the older members did !

The other was that the goods , if they were not purchased by the recipient , still belonged to the sender .
the other was that the goods , if they were not [bought] by the recipient , still belonged to the sender .

In private households most purchased energy is used for space heating .
in private households most [bought] energy is used for space heating .

The group members have not been idle during their enforced stay from Glenburrell Bridge as we have been helping out on the Society 's stall at local shows as well as building Thomas , The Tank Engine and , having purchased the show stand that we used to borrow , we are now adapting this stand for our own use at shows .
the group members have not been idle during their enforced stay from glenburrell bridge as we have been helping out on the society 's stall at local shows as well as building thomas , the tank engine and , having [bought] the show stand that we used to borrow , we are now adapting this stand for our own use at shows .

Luke had left the bedroom , and after putting on denim shorts and a little broderie anglaise top , she found him outside on her balcony , with the bamboo table she had recently purchased with four matching chairs set for breakfast , the muesli-type cereal he knew she always ate put out for her along with yoghurt , fruit juice and coffee .
luke had left the bedroom , and after putting on denim shorts and a little broderie anglaise top , she found him outside on her balcony , with the bamboo table she had recently [bought] with four matching chairs set for breakfast , the muesli-type cereal he knew she always ate put out for her along with yoghurt , fruit juice and coffee .

But later that morning Luke was in one of the relaxed moods she was beginning to like so much , helping her move some recently purchased pots and tubs of plants about her balcony , asking questions , laughing at her description of her mongrel ancestry — Irish , Scottish , English , Portuguese and Italian , and intrigued to learn that she spoke Portuguese .
but later that morning luke was in one of the relaxed moods she was beginning to like so much , helping her move some recently [bought] pots and tubs of plants about her balcony , asking questions , laughing at her description of her mongrel ancestry — irish , scottish , english , portuguese and italian , and intrigued to learn that she spoke portuguese .

Yes , we had purchased the yellow polystyrene shampoo guard from Mothercare — that had the same effect on them as two crossed sticks had on Dracula .
yes , we had [bought] the yellow polystyrene shampoo guard from mothercare — that had the same effect on them as two crossed sticks had on dracula .

On Wednesday , he swallowed his pride , banked Dysart 's cheque and purchased a car with most of what remained from the cash he had brought back from Rhodes .
on wednesday , he swallowed his pride , banked dysart 's cheque and [bought] a car with most of what remained from the cash he had brought back from rhodes .

The utility of a bank loan lies not in the money itself , of course , but in the goods which can be purchased with it .
the utility of a bank loan lies not in the money itself , of course , but in the goods which can be [bought] with it .

After purchasing units , the owner receives a certificate stating the number of units purchased .
after purchasing units , the owner receives a certificate stating the number of units [bought] .

The bust of Gibbon , purchased in Geneva during the headmaster 's first post-war vacation , sneered down on him as he proceeded .
the bust of gibbon , [bought] in geneva during the headmaster 's first post-war vacation , sneered down on him as he proceeded .

Gwendolen was dad in dark grey and was wearing the hat she had just purchased from the Iduns Brothers Bazaar .
gwendolen was dad in dark grey and was wearing the hat she had just [bought] from the iduns brothers bazaar .

Metal which has been purchased and committed to future sales to customers or hedged in metal markets is valued at the price at which it is contractually committed or hedged , adjusted for unexpired contango .
metal which has been [bought] and committed to future sales to customers or hedged in metal markets is valued at the price at which it is contractually committed or hedged , adjusted for unexpired contango .

Some purchased — most did n't .
some [bought] — most did n't .

Direct Line Insurance , which first located in Glasgow in 1988 , purchased one of the new office developments in the central business district and expects to more than double its employment in the city .
direct line insurance , which first located in glasgow in 1988 , [bought] one of the new office developments in the central business district and expects to more than double its employment in the city .

It was purchased with part of Wimpey 's donation and will be used as a teaching aid for nurses when explaining the causes of osteoporosis — the fragile bone disease — to patients .
it was [bought] with part of wimpey 's donation and will be used as a teaching aid for nurses when explaining the causes of osteoporosis — the fragile bone disease — to patients .

Valmontone — the castle with its lands , the palace and houses — was purchased in 1207 and ten days later Manases did homage for the fief to the papal chamberlain , Stephen of Fossanova .
valmontone — the castle with its lands , the palace and houses — was [bought] in 1207 and ten days later manases did homage for the fief to the papal chamberlain , stephen of fossanova .

Two Redler conveyors were purchased to improve the facilities for the intake of grain by road at the Imperial Dock Warehouse .
two redler conveyors were [bought] to improve the facilities for the intake of grain by road at the imperial dock warehouse .

The United States Virgin Islands were purchased from Denmark in 1917 .
the united states virgin islands were [bought] from denmark in 1917 .

It was reported that by Aug. 19 , 75 per cent of vouchers purchased had been traded for company shares .
it was reported that by aug. 19 , 75 per cent of vouchers [bought] had been traded for company shares .

The Vranco textile factory became Romania 's first state-owned company to undergo privatization when its shares were sold on Aug. 3 ; the Italian firm Incom purchased 51 per cent while the remaining 49 per cent were divided between staff and management .
the vranco textile factory became romania 's first state-owned company to undergo privatization when its shares were sold on aug. 3 ; the italian firm incom [bought] 51 per cent while the remaining 49 per cent were divided between staff and management .

Housing Ministry officials indicated that the announcement concerned land allocation and would not affect plots already purchased [ for July freeze on government settlement-building see pp .
housing ministry officials indicated that the announcement concerned land allocation and would not affect plots already [bought] [ for july freeze on government settlement-building see pp .

Increased spending on much-vaunted initiatives such as programmes to improve children 's nutrition or the level of infant mortality was purchased by the termination or reduction of spending in 330 other programmes .
increased spending on much-vaunted initiatives such as programmes to improve children 's nutrition or the level of infant mortality was [bought] by the termination or reduction of spending in 330 other programmes .

In East Jerusalem on Oct. 9 settlers , accompanied by three MPs from the right-wing Tehiya Party and one from the ruling Likud party , seized eight houses in the Arab neighbourhood of Silwan , claiming that they had been legally purchased by a state-owned company controlled by the Housing Minister , Ariel Sharon .
in east jerusalem on oct. 9 settlers , accompanied by three mps from the right-wing tehiya party and one from the ruling likud party , seized eight houses in the arab neighbourhood of silwan , claiming that they had been legally [bought] by a state-owned company controlled by the housing minister , ariel sharon .

However , many of the securities supposedly backing the receipts did not exist or had not been purchased .
however , many of the securities supposedly backing the receipts did not exist or had not been [bought] .

Since independence in 1980 some 52,000 peasant farmers had been resettled on 3,000,000 hectares purchased from the 4,000-strong white farming community , but whites still owned 12,000,000 hectares ( 40 per cent of Zimbabwe 's total land area ) .
since independence in 1980 some 52,000 peasant farmers had been resettled on 3,000,000 hectares [bought] from the 4,000-strong white farming community , but whites still owned 12,000,000 hectares ( 40 per cent of zimbabwe 's total land area ) .

At the time of his resignation Miyazawa had stated that an aide , Tsuneo Hattori , had purchased the shares without informing him of the transaction .
at the time of his resignation miyazawa had stated that an aide , tsuneo hattori , had [bought] the shares without informing him of the transaction .

The first of three Russian submarines purchased by Iran [ see pp .
the first of three russian submarines [bought] by iran [ see pp .

which can be purchased in advance .
which can be [bought] in advance .

Computer resources can be created by teachers , or pupils , as well as purchased from commercial sources , using viewdata , telex or database software .
computer resources can be created by teachers , or pupils , as well as [bought] from commercial sources , using viewdata , telex or database software .

( 3 ) Nothing in this section shall enable any action — ( a ) to recover , or recover the value of , any property ; or ( b ) to enforce any charge against , or set aside any transaction affecting , any property ; to be brought against the purchaser of the property or any person claiming through him in any case where the property has been purchased for valuable consideration by an innocent third party since the fraud or concealment of ( as the case may be ) the transaction in which the mistake was made took place …
( 3 ) nothing in this section shall enable any action — ( a ) to recover , or recover the value of , any property ; or ( b ) to enforce any charge against , or set aside any transaction affecting , any property ; to be brought against the purchaser of the property or any person claiming through him in any case where the property has been [bought] for valuable consideration by an innocent third party since the fraud or concealment of ( as the case may be ) the transaction in which the mistake was made took place …

Impliedly — when a leasehold property is conveyed into the name of one party , but purchased with the funds of two .
impliedly — when a leasehold property is conveyed into the name of one party , but [bought] with the funds of two .

Cassettes and other things may be purchased for multiple reasons — perhaps usually they are .
cassettes and other things may be [bought] for multiple reasons — perhaps usually they are .

The plaintiff purchased a pair of semi-detached houses from a construction company .
the plaintiff [bought] a pair of semi-detached houses from a construction company .

Obviously it records when and to whom the king was giving what , and so provides evidence on royal possessions and patronage , although some texts specify that the grantee purchased the item concerned , and this may sometimes have occurred even when not stated .
obviously it records when and to whom the king was giving what , and so provides evidence on royal possessions and patronage , although some texts specify that the grantee [bought] the item concerned , and this may sometimes have occurred even when not stated .

Every such notice shall state the name and address of each Purchaser and the number of Shares agreed to be purchased by him , and the purchase shall be completed at a place and time to be appointed by the Directors .
every such notice shall state the name and address of each purchaser and the number of shares agreed to be [bought] by him , and the purchase shall be completed at a place and time to be appointed by the directors .

Every such notice shall state the name and address of each Purchaser and the number of Shares agreed to be purchased by him , and the purchase shall be completed at a place and time to be appointed by the Directors .
every such notice shall state the name and address of each purchaser and the number of shares agreed to be [bought] by him , and the purchase shall be completed at a place and time to be appointed by the directors .

Tailors in 1814 were very much on a level in terms of real wages with 1795 , but in the intervening years had been significantly down on that level in eight years , and very seriously below it in 1800 and 1801 when their weekly wage would buy only half the quantity of bread it had purchased from 1777 to 1795 .
tailors in 1814 were very much on a level in terms of real wages with 1795 , but in the intervening years had been significantly down on that level in eight years , and very seriously below it in 1800 and 1801 when their weekly wage would buy only half the quantity of bread it had [bought] from 1777 to 1795 .

There were also many incidents in which the crowd distinguished between dealers and farmers selling their own produce directly : `` At Nottingham fair the mob seized upon all the cheese the factors had purchased , and distributed the same among them , leaving the farmers ' cheese unmolested . ``
there were also many incidents in which the crowd distinguished between dealers and farmers selling their own produce directly : `` at nottingham fair the mob seized upon all the cheese the factors had [bought] , and distributed the same among them , leaving the farmers ' cheese unmolested . ``

As far as computer equipment ( hardware ) is concerned , this may be purchased outright or hired .
as far as computer equipment ( hardware ) is concerned , this may be [bought] outright or hired .

If purchased then the Sale of Goods Act 1979 will apply and the usual terms involving merchantable quality , fitness for purpose , etc .
if [bought] then the sale of goods act 1979 will apply and the usual terms involving merchantable quality , fitness for purpose , etc .

In Rickards v Oppenheim [ 1950 ] , the defendant wanted a body built on his Rolls Royce chassis and he agreed that the plaintiffs ( from whom he had purchased the chassis ) could use a sub-contractor to do this specialized work which should have been completed in March 1948 .
in rickards v oppenheim [ 1950 ] , the defendant wanted a body built on his rolls royce chassis and he agreed that the plaintiffs ( from whom he had [bought] the chassis ) could use a sub-contractor to do this specialized work which should have been completed in march 1948 .

Forte purchased outside caterers Town and Country .
forte [bought] outside caterers town and country .

10a The Society recently purchased a number of new tambours and they are available on loan to teachers from the office .
10a the society recently [bought] a number of new tambours and they are available on loan to teachers from the office .

Money would be appreciated so that some half-dozen good prizes can be purchased .
money would be appreciated so that some half-dozen good prizes can be [bought] .

The bed on the brass probably represents that which Lambarde purchased in 1584 , for the birth of his first child , a boy named Multon in honour of his previous wife 's father .
the bed on the brass probably represents that which lambarde [bought] in 1584 , for the birth of his first child , a boy named multon in honour of his previous wife 's father .

He attended many Royal assizes and many quarter sessions and with Sir John Leveson and Lord Cobham he attended musters , which were called to train all able bodied men , and for which he purchased his own suit of armour .
he attended many royal assizes and many quarter sessions and with sir john leveson and lord cobham he attended musters , which were called to train all able bodied men , and for which he [bought] his own suit of armour .

In 1938 the Folger Library in America , purchased a copy of one of Lambarde 's law books , this was found to contain Shakespeare 's signature , it was not until 1941 however that this was considered genuine .
in 1938 the folger library in america , [bought] a copy of one of lambarde 's law books , this was found to contain shakespeare 's signature , it was not until 1941 however that this was considered genuine .

He purchased two ex-German submarines after the first world war , removed the diesel engines , and used there to drive two small rotary kilns .
he [bought] two ex-german submarines after the first world war , removed the diesel engines , and used there to drive two small rotary kilns .

There was one village shop in our immediate neighbourhood where most necessities could be purchased .
there was one village shop in our immediate neighbourhood where most necessities could be [bought] .

FITC-conjugated goat antimouse lgG or goat antirat lgG antibodies were purchased from Dako ( Hamburg , Germany ) .
fitc-conjugated goat antimouse lgg or goat antirat lgg antibodies were [bought] from dako ( hamburg , germany ) .

They were allowed free access to food ( standard diet purchased from Altromin , Germany ) and water .
they were allowed free access to food ( standard diet [bought] from altromin , germany ) and water .

New computerised equipment for performing oesophageal manometry was purchased in 1988 .
new computerised equipment for performing oesophageal manometry was [bought] in 1988 .

He slipped from the room and purchased a beef sandwich from the barman upstairs .
he slipped from the room and [bought] a beef sandwich from the barman upstairs .

’ He was wearing a newly purchased pair of suede shoes .
’ he was wearing a newly [bought] pair of suede shoes .

Many options may be purchased at a very small fraction of the cost of the underlying security .
many options may be [bought] at a very small fraction of the cost of the underlying security .

On the other hand , if an individual or organization already owns a share on which options may be purchased , and a liability is expected to rise within the near future which can only be met by the sale of the shares , the cash flow from that sale may be secured by the purchase of put options .
on the other hand , if an individual or organization already owns a share on which options may be [bought] , and a liability is expected to rise within the near future which can only be met by the sale of the shares , the cash flow from that sale may be secured by the purchase of put options .

the ‘ strip ’ , composed of written or purchased options in a ratio of 2 puts to 1 call .
the ‘ strip ’ , composed of written or [bought] options in a ratio of 2 puts to 1 call .

The investor having gone short in a security takes out insurance in the form of a purchased call whose exercise price is equal to the price at which the shares were sold .
the investor having gone short in a security takes out insurance in the form of a [bought] call whose exercise price is equal to the price at which the shares were sold .

The first is a long share and a purchased put which produces results similar to those of a purchased call and the second is a short share with a written put which gives the profit profile of a written call ( Fig .
the first is a long share and a [bought] put which produces results similar to those of a [bought] call and the second is a short share with a written put which gives the profit profile of a written call ( fig .

These spreads consist of written and purchased calls ( or puts ) .
these spreads consist of written and [bought] calls ( or puts ) .

These are the purchased and written straddles .
these are the [bought] and written straddles .

Riskless and pure discount debentures , shares , calls and puts may now be combined as follows : The right-hand side of the above equation , the combination of a long share and a purchased put , is a manufactured purchased call .
riskless and pure discount debentures , shares , calls and puts may now be combined as follows : the right-hand side of the above equation , the combination of a long share and a [bought] put , is a manufactured [bought] call .

In valuing option contracts before maturity , we may intuitively draw the limiting boundaries by observing that a purchased call ( Fig .
in valuing option contracts before maturity , we may intuitively draw the limiting boundaries by observing that a [bought] call ( fig .

We may follow a similar intuitive process for the limits of the value of purchased puts ( Fig .
we may follow a similar intuitive process for the limits of the value of [bought] puts ( fig .

Why would a purchased straddle be preferred to a reverse butterfly ?
why would a [bought] straddle be preferred to a reverse butterfly ?

Marketmakers are able to offset against dividends received any dividends paid by them on stock they have purchased .
marketmakers are able to offset against dividends received any dividends paid by them on stock they have [bought] .

To illustrate , we can take the last example of the five-year bond which is purchased after three years .
to illustrate , we can take the last example of the five-year bond which is [bought] after three years .

Strategy 2 involves the purchase of a futures contract and the investment of a sum of money equal to the value of the cash index purchased under strategy 1 ( i.e .
strategy 2 involves the purchase of a futures contract and the investment of a sum of money equal to the value of the cash index [bought] under strategy 1 ( i.e .

In 1563 a number of landowners purchased the disafforestment of their estates in the forest of Essex in return for the substantial fine of £500 .
in 1563 a number of landowners [bought] the disafforestment of their estates in the forest of essex in return for the substantial fine of £500 .

In 1875 and 1876 the Corporation purchased 3,000 acres of the open waste lands of the forest manors .
in 1875 and 1876 the corporation [bought] 3,000 acres of the open waste lands of the forest manors .

Griffiths had bought his sire Mount Cassino for 700 guineas in 1975 ( mainly to cover cobs and ponies ) and had put the stallion to the unraced Thoroughbred mare Grove Chance , whom he had purchased for just £425 .
griffiths had bought his sire mount cassino for 700 guineas in 1975 ( mainly to cover cobs and ponies ) and had put the stallion to the unraced thoroughbred mare grove chance , whom he had [bought] for just £425 .

Presumably your clothes will need to be altered or some new ones purchased .
presumably your clothes will need to be altered or some new ones [bought] .

Secord 's outfit , in fact , purchased the Bible , and there was a bit of a quiz round the office ( ’ ask the secretary ’ ) to find a fitting inscription for it .
secord 's outfit , in fact , [bought] the bible , and there was a bit of a quiz round the office ( ’ ask the secretary ’ ) to find a fitting inscription for it .

She had discarded it several years ago , as being much fuller than she really liked , but everything came into its own , she reflected , for every article purchased she took pride in finding an eventual use .
she had discarded it several years ago , as being much fuller than she really liked , but everything came into its own , she reflected , for every article [bought] she took pride in finding an eventual use .

Enquiries by The Daily Telegraph have revealed that North Star is in fact operated from Swindon , Wiltshire , by a man called Robert Tancock , and is an ‘ off-the-shelf ’ company purchased from a formation agency .
enquiries by the daily telegraph have revealed that north star is in fact operated from swindon , wiltshire , by a man called robert tancock , and is an ‘ off-the-shelf ’ company [bought] from a formation agency .

They fell in love with them , and we have since purchased another 55 .
they fell in love with them , and we have since [bought] another 55 .

At least this is not a bought-deal : Hoare is acting as broker — it has not purchased the shares itself and is stuck with no potential loss .
at least this is not a bought-deal : hoare is acting as broker — it has not [bought] the shares itself and is stuck with no potential loss .

Always grey , it should be purchased at the modishly named ‘ Suit Company ’ .
always grey , it should be [bought] at the modishly named ‘ suit company ’ .

In 1989 , a resident of Penghu , disgusted at the continuing slaughter of dolphins , had purchased some victims of a drive and released them .
in 1989 , a resident of penghu , disgusted at the continuing slaughter of dolphins , had [bought] some victims of a drive and released them .

They are purchased in brine and are less pungent and slightly sweeter than true peppercorns .
they are [bought] in brine and are less pungent and slightly sweeter than true peppercorns .

Gaffelbitter are tiny Scandinavian herring fillets and can be purchased in a variety of sauces , of which red wine and sherry are the most popular .
gaffelbitter are tiny scandinavian herring fillets and can be [bought] in a variety of sauces , of which red wine and sherry are the most popular .

Home smokeries may be purchased or made in large tins or drums .
home smokeries may be [bought] or made in large tins or drums .

They also aim to resettle promising farmers , whereas in the early 1980s it was the poorest , not the most successful , who were given newly purchased land .
they also aim to resettle promising farmers , whereas in the early 1980s it was the poorest , not the most successful , who were given newly [bought] land .

Cream had been purchased in Bourg .
cream had been [bought] in bourg .

For example , a quarter of all programmes must be purchased from independent production companies ; and a vague ‘ proper proportion ’ must be of European origin .
for example , a quarter of all programmes must be [bought] from independent production companies ; and a vague ‘ proper proportion ’ must be of european origin .

Purchased by David Thompson , of the Cheveley Park Stud , for a reported £80,000 , Party Politics shook off a catalogue of breathing problems and one case of breaking blood vessels to take the world 's most famous steeplechase by two and a half lengths .
[bought] by david thompson , of the cheveley park stud , for a reported £80,000 , party politics shook off a catalogue of breathing problems and one case of breaking blood vessels to take the world 's most famous steeplechase by two and a half lengths .

On all of these funds , charges are clearly visible to investors and are made in addition to the single price at which units are purchased .
on all of these funds , charges are clearly visible to investors and are made in addition to the single price at which units are [bought] .

These could become European champions , most notably Volkswagen , which recently purchased Seat in Spain , Skoda in Czechoslovakia and has built a factory in East Germany .
these could become european champions , most notably volkswagen , which recently [bought] seat in spain , skoda in czechoslovakia and has built a factory in east germany .

Loss or damage to personal effects and baggage taken , sent in advance or purchased on holiday ( including clothing and personal effects worn or carried on the person , trunks , suitcases and like receptacles ) .
loss or damage to personal effects and baggage taken , sent in advance or [bought] on holiday ( including clothing and personal effects worn or carried on the person , trunks , suitcases and like receptacles ) .

Currency Options provide insurance against adverse exchange rate movements without penalty if exchange rates move favourably but they do have a fundamental drawback in that they are purchased with a cash premium , much like an insurance policy , which can be substantial .
currency options provide insurance against adverse exchange rate movements without penalty if exchange rates move favourably but they do have a fundamental drawback in that they are [bought] with a cash premium , much like an insurance policy , which can be substantial .

The extensive buffet breakfast is taken in the chalet , whilst nearby evening meals can be purchased in the wood panelled restaurant ‘ Alte Post ’ .
the extensive buffet breakfast is taken in the chalet , whilst nearby evening meals can be [bought] in the wood panelled restaurant ‘ alte post ’ .

The third functional activity is that of spending when decisions are translated into action where , for example , goods are actually purchased .
the third functional activity is that of spending when decisions are translated into action where , for example , goods are actually [bought] .

In July 1897 , having already purchased the Union Canals in 1894 and just completed options to purchase the Leicester Navigation , and the Loughborough and Erewash Canals , the committee resolved to purchase the necessary land at Foxton and instructed that tenders for the lift machinery be obtained .
in july 1897 , having already [bought] the union canals in 1894 and just completed options to purchase the leicester navigation , and the loughborough and erewash canals , the committee resolved to purchase the necessary land at foxton and instructed that tenders for the lift machinery be obtained .

The first hole and clubhouse will , we are told , be in the Harpsden Valley opposite the land lately purchased by Mr John Hodges and by him converted into a cricket ground .
the first hole and clubhouse will , we are told , be in the harpsden valley opposite the land lately [bought] by mr john hodges and by him converted into a cricket ground .

If you have paid six full years ' contributions before you cease payments , the Society will make your policy paid-up , leaving the units purchased to remain invested until such time you make a request to encash them .
if you have paid six full years ' contributions before you cease payments , the society will make your policy paid-up , leaving the units [bought] to remain invested until such time you make a request to encash them .

All tickets purchased at the Phoenix Cinema are non-refundable and non-exchangable .
all tickets [bought] at the phoenix cinema are non-refundable and non-exchangable .

Leasing costs are high because some equipment purchased as part of the redevelopment was funded on leasing agreements .
leasing costs are high because some equipment [bought] as part of the redevelopment was funded on leasing agreements .

When the present owner purchased it , the barn was part of a redundant farmyard in the centre of the small stone-built village of Upper Heyford .
when the present owner [bought] it , the barn was part of a redundant farmyard in the centre of the small stone-built village of upper heyford .

Planning permission for its conversion into a dwelling existed when the barn was purchased , but the scheme was particularly disliked by one of the new owners who believed , partly for the reason cited above and partly because of her training as a sculptress , that a simpler treatment , more strongly evocative of the barn 's original function , might be adopted and still give comfortable and convenient living accommodation .
planning permission for its conversion into a dwelling existed when the barn was [bought] , but the scheme was particularly disliked by one of the new owners who believed , partly for the reason cited above and partly because of her training as a sculptress , that a simpler treatment , more strongly evocative of the barn 's original function , might be adopted and still give comfortable and convenient living accommodation .

Thus the church and its site were purchased for £20,000 in 1979 by Waverly District Council , while the adjacent church hall was sold off separately by the local diocese for conversion into two small private dwellings .
thus the church and its site were [bought] for £20,000 in 1979 by waverly district council , while the adjacent church hall was sold off separately by the local diocese for conversion into two small private dwellings .

The building and its site were purchased from the Church Commissioners by the Society for Co-operative Dwellings , a secondary housing co-operative , in mid-1983 .
the building and its site were [bought] from the church commissioners by the society for co-operative dwellings , a secondary housing co-operative , in mid-1983 .

Although an adjoining area of ground had been purchased for this purpose , it was never developed as a burial ground and its virgin state allowed the Ekarro Housing Co-operative to complement the conversion of All Saints and St Barnabas with a new building , in the style of the surrounding villas , accommodating further flats for co-operative members ( Plate 26 ) .
although an adjoining area of ground had been [bought] for this purpose , it was never developed as a burial ground and its virgin state allowed the ekarro housing co-operative to complement the conversion of all saints and st barnabas with a new building , in the style of the surrounding villas , accommodating further flats for co-operative members ( plate 26 ) .

The building was purchased by a local clothing manufacturer to provide a family dwelling and a small office for the administration of his company .
the building was [bought] by a local clothing manufacturer to provide a family dwelling and a small office for the administration of his company .

In fact , the average size of unit 110sq m ( 1,200sq ft ) and since the school was purchased in 1982 for £162,000 , an average-size unit cost £27,000 .
in fact , the average size of unit 110sq m ( 1,200sq ft ) and since the school was [bought] in 1982 for £162,000 , an average-size unit cost £27,000 .

The present owners purchased the mill in 1976 after part of it had been used to house chickens and the mill-pond had been used for fish-farming .
the present owners [bought] the mill in 1976 after part of it had been used to house chickens and the mill-pond had been used for fish-farming .

The sort of modest suburban house which Mrs Moore was renting at the time could be purchased in those days for £850 or £1,000 .
the sort of modest suburban house which mrs moore was renting at the time could be [bought] in those days for £850 or £1,000 .

Alas , on boarding the Docklands Light Railway the party was confronted by an inspector only to find that they had purchased childrens ' tickets by mistake .
alas , on boarding the docklands light railway the party was confronted by an inspector only to find that they had [bought] childrens ' tickets by mistake .

David Shattock , the Chief Constable of Avon , says in a report : ‘ Vehicles currently being purchased have greatly improved seating .
david shattock , the chief constable of avon , says in a report : ‘ vehicles currently being [bought] have greatly improved seating .

Over the past two years , she pointed out , Saatchi had purchased major works by many of those British painters whose rise to prominence has been such a striking feature of recent years : Saatchi has bought work by , among others , Frank Auerbach , Lucian Freud , Leon Kossoff and Howard Hodgkin .
over the past two years , she pointed out , saatchi had [bought] major works by many of those british painters whose rise to prominence has been such a striking feature of recent years : saatchi has bought work by , among others , frank auerbach , lucian freud , leon kossoff and howard hodgkin .

In the end they fell upon Southwell , and the earth has literally moved for them since they purchased it in March .
in the end they fell upon southwell , and the earth has literally moved for them since they [bought] it in march .

Copies of the death certificate can be purchased .
copies of the death certificate can be [bought] .

’ ) , but that this sentence has a network of connections to other sentences in the mental architecture ( ‘ They are made of glass , ’ ‘ They were purchased ’ , ‘ They are not unique ’ ) .
’ ) , but that this sentence has a network of connections to other sentences in the mental architecture ( ‘ they are made of glass , ’ ‘ they were [bought] ’ , ‘ they are not unique ’ ) .

For those who wish to buy their cars , Motability offers a finance scheme under which both new or used cars can be purchased in exchange for part of the mobility allowance .
for those who wish to buy their cars , motability offers a finance scheme under which both new or used cars can be [bought] in exchange for part of the mobility allowance .

Soot solution In those days , a bag of soot purchased from the local chimney sweep was a valuable aid to bug control .
soot solution in those days , a bag of soot [bought] from the local chimney sweep was a valuable aid to bug control .

The Federation Cup itself was purchased in 1982 for £300 and it is inscribed in two languages , English and French .
the federation cup itself was [bought] in 1982 for £300 and it is inscribed in two languages , english and french .

The serving machines are available in a selection of sizes and can be leased or purchased .
the serving machines are available in a selection of sizes and can be leased or [bought] .

In 1882 a larger and at that time healthier site was purchased on Wandsworth Common , and the new school opened with 271 boys — most of them boarders , but 80 day-boys .
in 1882 a larger and at that time healthier site was [bought] on wandsworth common , and the new school opened with 271 boys — most of them boarders , but 80 day-boys .

Dr Dalton , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , had put £50 million from the sale of surplus war stores into the Fund so that outstanding land could be purchased as a ‘ thank-offering for victory ’ .
dr dalton , the chancellor of the exchequer , had put £50 million from the sale of surplus war stores into the fund so that outstanding land could be [bought] as a ‘ thank-offering for victory ’ .

The Coal Board had originally purchased the house to ensure its preservation .
the coal board had originally [bought] the house to ensure its preservation .

Even in the late nineteenth century opium could be purchased readily in some pharmacies in England .
even in the late nineteenth century opium could be [bought] readily in some pharmacies in england .

This dog was then mated to Rintelna the Fatale , who had been a puppy purchased from Capt .
this dog was then mated to rintelna the fatale , who had been a puppy [bought] from capt .

Lord Dainton wondered whether the Sheffield library authorities would have purchased an equivalent book today .
lord dainton wondered whether the sheffield library authorities would have [bought] an equivalent book today .

, and , in what currency were they purchased ?
, and , in what currency were they [bought] ?

It is believed that these clothes have been taken to Malta for comparison with items purchased there which were found in the suitcase containing the bomb .
it is believed that these clothes have been taken to malta for comparison with items [bought] there which were found in the suitcase containing the bomb .

Will materials , components , and the product be made internally or purchased from outside ?
will materials , components , and the product be made internally or [bought] from outside ?

My father had purchased a box of Maltesers , the chocolates with the less fattening centre , to sustain him through this no holds barred erotic horror film .
my father had [bought] a box of maltesers , the chocolates with the less fattening centre , to sustain him through this no holds barred erotic horror film .

It was strongly supported in the 1950s by the companies who purchased the cotton grown as a cash crop in the savannah , because it appeared to be the most effective way to reverse the declining fertility and falling yields which had become apparent by that time .
it was strongly supported in the 1950s by the companies who [bought] the cotton grown as a cash crop in the savannah , because it appeared to be the most effective way to reverse the declining fertility and falling yields which had become apparent by that time .

The result of the migration process is therefore a steady increase in the demand for purchased products , since most rural families will grow their own food , and make much of their domestic equipment .
the result of the migration process is therefore a steady increase in the demand for [bought] products , since most rural families will grow their own food , and make much of their domestic equipment .

Purchased by the Association in May 1989 , extensive alterations were necessary to convert it to provide for eight residents , the first of whom arrived in September 1990 .
[bought] by the association in may 1989 , extensive alterations were necessary to convert it to provide for eight residents , the first of whom arrived in september 1990 .

The Association has recently purchased a large , detached house in a residential area of Melton Mowbray , Leicestershire .
the association has recently [bought] a large , detached house in a residential area of melton mowbray , leicestershire .

The Association has recently purchased a large , detached house in a residential area of Melton Mowbray , Leicestershire .
the association has recently [bought] a large , detached house in a residential area of melton mowbray , leicestershire .

The crisis arose from an extraordinarily parochial subject , namely whether the small Westland group of helicopter manufacturers , situated in Yeovil in the West Country , should be purchased by a European consortium or by the US-dominated Sikorsky — Fiat group .
the crisis arose from an extraordinarily parochial subject , namely whether the small westland group of helicopter manufacturers , situated in yeovil in the west country , should be [bought] by a european consortium or by the us-dominated sikorsky — fiat group .

By December 1988 over a million had purchased their properties .
by december 1988 over a million had [bought] their properties .

Research suggests that many manual workers who have bought shares in the privatized firms and industries or purchased council houses were already Conservative voters .
research suggests that many manual workers who have bought shares in the privatized firms and industries or [bought] council houses were already conservative voters .

Through stockbroker Cazenove it has purchased £90.4m of its £100m Euro-sterling bonds .
through stockbroker cazenove it has [bought] £90.4m of its £100m euro-sterling bonds .

Mr Trump , who has a penchant for naming his many buildings , hotels and casinos after himself , purchased what is now the Trump Shuttle from Eastern 's parent company , Texas Air Corp , in April for $ 365m .
mr trump , who has a penchant for naming his many buildings , hotels and casinos after himself , [bought] what is now the trump shuttle from eastern 's parent company , texas air corp , in april for $ 365m .

He had purchased the Manor of Chelsea , including the Apothecaries ' Garden , from William Cheyne in 1712 .
he had [bought] the manor of chelsea , including the apothecaries ' garden , from william cheyne in 1712 .

In 1724 the University Garden needed more space and Boerhaave used his newly purchased country estate at nearby Oud-Poelgeest as an extension .
in 1724 the university garden needed more space and boerhaave used his newly [bought] country estate at nearby oud-poelgeest as an extension .

According to legend , their magnificent horse-herds were descended from a white mare and her colt , purchased with dentalium by a peace delegation to the Shoshoni .
according to legend , their magnificent horse-herds were descended from a white mare and her colt , [bought] with dentalium by a peace delegation to the shoshoni .

It was not until 1837 that the beautiful pair of wrought-iron gates , which had been at the entrance to Heathfield House , facing Turnham Green , were purchased by the Duke of Devonshire for the main entrance to Chiswick House , created as the alternative to the old main entrance off Lord Burlington 's Lane .
it was not until 1837 that the beautiful pair of wrought-iron gates , which had been at the entrance to heathfield house , facing turnham green , were [bought] by the duke of devonshire for the main entrance to chiswick house , created as the alternative to the old main entrance off lord burlington 's lane .

William Fromow , of Norfolk , decided to establish his nursery business in Chiswick , and in 1829 , he purchased an existing nursery , south of Turnham Green Lane and west of Sutton Lane , with its stock , and the business passed to his son , also William , then to other members of the family , in 1869 .
william fromow , of norfolk , decided to establish his nursery business in chiswick , and in 1829 , he [bought] an existing nursery , south of turnham green lane and west of sutton lane , with its stock , and the business passed to his son , also william , then to other members of the family , in 1869 .

Sadlers Wells , or by collecting and storing rain water , or it could be purchased from water vendors , at three pailsful for a penny .
sadlers wells , or by collecting and storing rain water , or it could be [bought] from water vendors , at three pailsful for a penny .

Mr. Thomas Thornycroft purchased some land at Chiswick Wharf , adjacent to St. Nicholas Church , in 1864 , so that his engineer son , John Isaac Thornycroft , could build boats .
mr. thomas thornycroft [bought] some land at chiswick wharf , adjacent to st. nicholas church , in 1864 , so that his engineer son , john isaac thornycroft , could build boats .

Benjamin Disraeli became Prime Minister of the British Parliament in 1874 and remained in that office until 1880 It was during his administration that Britain purchased a major holding of the shares of the Suez Canal Company
benjamin disraeli became prime minister of the british parliament in 1874 and remained in that office until 1880 it was during his administration that britain [bought] a major holding of the shares of the suez canal company

The problems mostly arose from lack of capital and only in a few cases had any action been taken — two had recently purchased houses in nearby villages for their sons and some had been able to purchase or rent some more land .
the problems mostly arose from lack of capital and only in a few cases had any action been taken — two had recently [bought] houses in nearby villages for their sons and some had been able to purchase or rent some more land .

Every one of the dairy farmers expressed concern in particular those who had purchased a farm in the past two or three years and were dairying in order to repay the purchase loan .
every one of the dairy farmers expressed concern in particular those who had [bought] a farm in the past two or three years and were dairying in order to repay the purchase loan .

Alexia was critically acclaimed , and several major galleries purchased her , but she did not become immediately collectible .
alexia was critically acclaimed , and several major galleries [bought] her , but she did not become immediately collectible .

Many farmers , especially those on hill farms dependent on purchased fodder , have significantly reduced cow numbers or have dispersed their herds entirely .
many farmers , especially those on hill farms dependent on [bought] fodder , have significantly reduced cow numbers or have dispersed their herds entirely .

The increase , which followed a 0.2 per cent decline in August , took the index for materials and fuel purchased by industry to 104.6 , 1985=100 , after adjustment for seasonal influences , to stand a provisional 5.3 per cent above a year earlier .
the increase , which followed a 0.2 per cent decline in august , took the index for materials and fuel [bought] by industry to 104.6 , 1985=100 , after adjustment for seasonal influences , to stand a provisional 5.3 per cent above a year earlier .

For most listeners today , it is true , concerts are attended , records purchased , orchestras identified by the name of the conductor .
for most listeners today , it is true , concerts are attended , records [bought] , orchestras identified by the name of the conductor .

It is imperative for Abraham that a burial site be purchased , and quickly .
it is imperative for abraham that a burial site be [bought] , and quickly .

Contraceptives in Britain were still kept out of sight , even male ones , and had to be purchased rather furtively , like guilty secrets .
contraceptives in britain were still kept out of sight , even male ones , and had to be [bought] rather furtively , like guilty secrets .

The average concentrate feed price was down £6 , to £133/t , and margin over purchased feed improved to £1821/ha ( £737/acre ) , a rise of £89 .
the average concentrate feed price was down £6 , to £133/t , and margin over [bought] feed improved to £1821/ha ( £737/acre ) , a rise of £89 .

Mark booked into The Istanbul Hilton in the mid-evening and , after a shower , returned to the lobby where he purchased a thriller before retiring to the comfort of an easy chair in the lounge .
mark booked into the istanbul hilton in the mid-evening and , after a shower , returned to the lobby where he [bought] a thriller before retiring to the comfort of an easy chair in the lounge .

The late Mrs Wallace , who purchased The Spinnery in 1958 and owned the property for many years , gave many interesting details of the old house and later wrote an article for Cumbria .
the late mrs wallace , who [bought] the spinnery in 1958 and owned the property for many years , gave many interesting details of the old house and later wrote an article for cumbria .

He said that because of competitive pressures the company , which had already purchased its summer shoe stock and most of those for the autumn season , was unable to pass the increase on to the customer and gross margins suffered as a result .
he said that because of competitive pressures the company , which had already [bought] its summer shoe stock and most of those for the autumn season , was unable to pass the increase on to the customer and gross margins suffered as a result .

Panels can be painted , papered or purchased in pre-decorated finishes to simulate anything from tiles to woodgrain .
panels can be painted , papered or [bought] in pre-decorated finishes to simulate anything from tiles to woodgrain .

Kleinwort Benson , which disclosed it had purchased 200,000 of its own shares at 353p each , rose 11p to 366p and Hambros edged ahead 3p to 232p .
kleinwort benson , which disclosed it had [bought] 200,000 of its own shares at 353p each , rose 11p to 366p and hambros edged ahead 3p to 232p .

In a fringe area , or where distant stations are wanted so that a directional antenna is essential , a rotator can be purchased for quite a modest by today 's standards .
in a fringe area , or where distant stations are wanted so that a directional antenna is essential , a rotator can be [bought] for quite a modest by today 's standards .

Following the destruction of the main mill , the company converted a number of buildings on the opposite side of the road and purchased a second site , previously used for the manufacture of incubators .
following the destruction of the main mill , the company converted a number of buildings on the opposite side of the road and [bought] a second site , previously used for the manufacture of incubators .

The Company became known as Samuel Healing and Sons Ltd for much of its life and remained so until 1961 , when the whole operation was purchased by the international milling group , Allied Mills Ltd .
the company became known as samuel healing and sons ltd for much of its life and remained so until 1961 , when the whole operation was [bought] by the international milling group , allied mills ltd .

In this case , the mill was saved by the much-respected and sadly missed author , David Verey , who purchased and restored the derelict mill in 1965 .
in this case , the mill was saved by the much-respected and sadly missed author , david verey , who [bought] and restored the derelict mill in 1965 .

They included railway and police personnel , Mary Ashley , a coach driver , the chemist from whom Tawell had purchased the prussic acid , and the barmaid of the Windmill Inn .
they included railway and police personnel , mary ashley , a coach driver , the chemist from whom tawell had [bought] the prussic acid , and the barmaid of the windmill inn .

If you start using large quantities of alcohol it can be purchased in 10 litre amounts ( min .
if you start using large quantities of alcohol it can be [bought] in 10 litre amounts ( min .

At one point in the late seventeenth century three badly damaged volumes were purchased for the school , Rider 's Dictionary , Perottus upon Martial , and Erasmi Adagia .
at one point in the late seventeenth century three badly damaged volumes were [bought] for the school , rider 's dictionary , perottus upon martial , and erasmi adagia .

In 1742 her son Richard purchased and occupied the nearby manor of Thorp Mandeville [ Sitwell , 22 ] .
in 1742 her son richard [bought] and occupied the nearby manor of thorp mandeville [ sitwell , 22 ] .

The couple were not going to the palace of Saint Cloud , which would certainly not have provided an intimate setting for a honeymoon , but to a small house at Villeneuve l'Etang , which the Emperor had purchased himself .
the couple were not going to the palace of saint cloud , which would certainly not have provided an intimate setting for a honeymoon , but to a small house at villeneuve l'etang , which the emperor had [bought] himself .

The penetration of the national capitalist system also makes available the consumer goods , which can be purchased with the income from the surplus .
the penetration of the national capitalist system also makes available the consumer goods , which can be [bought] with the income from the surplus .

In some cases , firms , such as Nestlé in regions of Brazil , having purchased haciendas , are now running them with modern agricultural techniques .
in some cases , firms , such as nestlé in regions of brazil , having [bought] haciendas , are now running them with modern agricultural techniques .

They can be purchased in almost every tourist hotel in Israel .
they can be [bought] in almost every tourist hotel in israel .

Her alarm clock , a replica of an old-fashioned instrument purchased from Habitat , with an analogue dial and a little brass bell on the top , rouses her from a deep sleep at 7.30 .
her alarm clock , a replica of an old-fashioned instrument [bought] from habitat , with an analogue dial and a little brass bell on the top , rouses her from a deep sleep at 7.30 .

He was in shirtsleeves , and the shirt did not fit him very well , the buttoned cuffs hanging down over his wrists , like a schoolboy 's whose clothes had been purchased with a view to his ‘ growing into ’ them .
he was in shirtsleeves , and the shirt did not fit him very well , the buttoned cuffs hanging down over his wrists , like a schoolboy 's whose clothes had been [bought] with a view to his ‘ growing into ’ them .

Tickets for the demonstration are £5 per person and must be purchased in advance .
tickets for the demonstration are £5 per person and must be [bought] in advance .

If there was anything that Henry hated as much as his wife , it was the car they had chosen and purchased together .
if there was anything that henry hated as much as his wife , it was the car they had chosen and [bought] together .

Interest from Government Securities purchased through the Post Office ;
interest from government securities [bought] through the post office ;

It comes from an American baseball player named Thompson , purchased at colossal expense by a Japanese team , who , when he arrived , turned out to be a complete dud , incapable even of hitting the ball .
it comes from an american baseball player named thompson , [bought] at colossal expense by a japanese team , who , when he arrived , turned out to be a complete dud , incapable even of hitting the ball .

If required these can be purchased ready planted .
if required these can be [bought] ready planted .

In 1914 the Manor was purchased by a body of British subscribers and presented to the peoples of Britain and the United States of America in celebration of 100 years peace and friendship between the two nations .
in 1914 the manor was [bought] by a body of british subscribers and presented to the peoples of britain and the united states of america in celebration of 100 years peace and friendship between the two nations .

Returns : Any product purchased from MiLAn may be returned for a full refund , less shipping and handling charges , within 30 days of the original factory shipment date .
returns : any product [bought] from milan may be returned for a full refund , less shipping and handling charges , within 30 days of the original factory shipment date .

Now the fast expanding range of Yamaha software , clothing and accessories can be purchased either direct from Yamaha-Kemble at the address on the back page , or from your local Yamaha Dealer .
now the fast expanding range of yamaha software , clothing and accessories can be [bought] either direct from yamaha-kemble at the address on the back page , or from your local yamaha dealer .

Hypothetical prices and quantities purchased by the ‘ average ’ household for these items in 1984 , 1985 and 1986 are shown in Table 5.1 .
hypothetical prices and quantities [bought] by the ‘ average ’ household for these items in 1984 , 1985 and 1986 are shown in table 5.1 .

The quantity of each item purchased per time period constitutes an appropriate weight .
the quantity of each item [bought] per time period constitutes an appropriate weight .

We had to hand-prop to start the engine , use a hand-held radio and our hand-held Magellan , purchased for this leg .
we had to hand-prop to start the engine , use a hand-held radio and our hand-held magellan , [bought] for this leg .

In exchange for exports of grain they received money with which they purchased manufactured goods and luxury items .
in exchange for exports of grain they received money with which they [bought] manufactured goods and luxury items .

The result was that one Michał Drzymała , who purchased land in Wolsztyn , circumvented the rules only by living in a caravan for nearly ten years .
the result was that one michał drzymała , who [bought] land in wolsztyn , circumvented the rules only by living in a caravan for nearly ten years .

In 1912 it was estimated that since 1886 the Commission had purchased only 60,000 hectares of Polish-owned land and 100,000 hectares of German land in Poznania and West Prussia .
in 1912 it was estimated that since 1886 the commission had [bought] only 60,000 hectares of polish-owned land and 100,000 hectares of german land in poznania and west prussia .

In 1921 a report placed before the Prussian Diet revealed that of the 460,884 hectares of land purchased by the Commission up to that time , only 27.4 per cent had come from the Poles ; a staggering 72.5 per cent had been purchased by the Commission from German estate owners .
in 1921 a report placed before the prussian diet revealed that of the 460,884 hectares of land [bought] by the commission up to that time , only 27.4 per cent had come from the poles ; a staggering 72.5 per cent had been [bought] by the commission from german estate owners .

Traps to do this work may be purchased .
traps to do this work may be [bought] .

The Collection 's first significant expansion occurred in 1966 when the University purchased the remarkable collection of the theatre historian , Dr Richard Southern .
the collection 's first significant expansion occurred in 1966 when the university [bought] the remarkable collection of the theatre historian , dr richard southern .

The Tree Collection , as purchased in 1972 from Tree 's last surviving daughter , the late Lady Cory-Wright , has been and remains of incalculable value to biographers and researchers into Tree 's production and turn-of-the-century staging in general .
the tree collection , as [bought] in 1972 from tree 's last surviving daughter , the late lady cory-wright , has been and remains of incalculable value to biographers and researchers into tree 's production and turn-of-the-century staging in general .

The nineteenth-century agricultural historian Youatt calculated that in the second half of the eighteenth century every Londoner purchased an average of half a pound of meat a day — more than twice as much as the average in Paris or Brussels .
the nineteenth-century agricultural historian youatt calculated that in the second half of the eighteenth century every londoner [bought] an average of half a pound of meat a day — more than twice as much as the average in paris or brussels .

As Welsh coal became available he also purchased this and from his Truro base endeavoured to set up a monopoly of the local fuel business .
as welsh coal became available he also [bought] this and from his truro base endeavoured to set up a monopoly of the local fuel business .

John 's son was in succession knighted as Sir Richard Roberts in 1616 , purchased a baronetcy in 1621 , and was created Baron Truro in 1625 .
john 's son was in succession knighted as sir richard roberts in 1616 , [bought] a baronetcy in 1621 , and was created baron truro in 1625 .

Richard Roberts , Baron Truro , made a beneficial marriage to an heiress , Frances Hender of Boscastle , and purchased the manor of Lanhydrock , formerly property of the wealthy Priory of St. Petroc at Bodmin .
richard roberts , baron truro , made a beneficial marriage to an heiress , frances hender of boscastle , and [bought] the manor of lanhydrock , formerly property of the wealthy priory of st. petroc at bodmin .

Many of the populace had fled the town by the time when , on one hot Summer 's day , Ben and Charley purchased some cheap fruit in Devonport Market , unaware that the town crier had already warned off buying it .
many of the populace had fled the town by the time when , on one hot summer 's day , ben and charley [bought] some cheap fruit in devonport market , unaware that the town crier had already warned off buying it .

She had with her some French brandy , purchased from a Cawsand smuggler 's wife ; she rubbed this on the inert face of the girl , then forced a little into her mouth .
she had with her some french brandy , [bought] from a cawsand smuggler 's wife ; she rubbed this on the inert face of the girl , then forced a little into her mouth .

The dangers of professionalism are obvious , and against them Herbert Chapman steadfastly set his face … victory can be purchased at too great a price .
the dangers of professionalism are obvious , and against them herbert chapman steadfastly set his face … victory can be [bought] at too great a price .

However , stock purchased for growth or expansion is normally regarded as capital expenditure and is therefore not considered for the purposes of recurrent funding .
however , stock [bought] for growth or expansion is normally regarded as capital expenditure and is therefore not considered for the purposes of recurrent funding .

In academic libraries a large number of requests for a new book may suggest that it is a recommended text , and is likely to influence the number of copies purchased ( probably for the short loans collection ) .
in academic libraries a large number of requests for a new book may suggest that it is a recommended text , and is likely to influence the number of copies [bought] ( probably for the short loans collection ) .

Most libraries spend the bulk of their funds on ‘ new books ’ — that is , books purchased on , or shortly before , or shortly after their publication date .
most libraries spend the bulk of their funds on ‘ new books ’ — that is , books [bought] on , or shortly before , or shortly after their publication date .

Security Safe locations are to be preferred for expensive and/or specialized works or for titles of which only one or two copies are purchased .
security safe locations are to be preferred for expensive and/or specialized works or for titles of which only one or two copies are [bought] .

Yet , at the same time , the process of obtaining material through interlending schemes is expensive and time-consuming , and only to be undertaken for groups of material which are infrequently needed by the library 's clientele , or which — because they are out-of-print — can not be purchased for library stock .
yet , at the same time , the process of obtaining material through interlending schemes is expensive and time-consuming , and only to be undertaken for groups of material which are infrequently needed by the library 's clientele , or which — because they are out-of-print — can not be [bought] for library stock .

The obvious question arises — what amount of use would justify material being purchased for library stock rather than borrowed through the interlending network ?
the obvious question arises — what amount of use would justify material being [bought] for library stock rather than borrowed through the interlending network ?

In 1912 the Corporation itself had purchased 30,000 coloured postcards of a circular tour car on a leafy Whitegate Drive ( see p. 61 ) , where the cars were posed facing the wrong direction to catch the sun ( below ) .
in 1912 the corporation itself had [bought] 30,000 coloured postcards of a circular tour car on a leafy whitegate drive ( see p. 61 ) , where the cars were posed facing the wrong direction to catch the sun ( below ) .

In 1927 six more toastracks were purchased , and it is one of these which survives at the National Tramway Museum today ( see 61 ) .
in 1927 six more toastracks were [bought] , and it is one of these which survives at the national tramway museum today ( see 61 ) .

When Walter Luff took over the Transport Department , he realised the potential for development of the Fleetwood route , and it was with this in mind that the first twenty-five railcoaches were purchased .
when walter luff took over the transport department , he realised the potential for development of the fleetwood route , and it was with this in mind that the first twenty-five railcoaches were [bought] .

It was originally built in 1591 as a fishing lodge , and was purchased by Dutch immigrants in the seventeenth century for use as a cloth mill .
it was originally built in 1591 as a fishing lodge , and was [bought] by dutch immigrants in the seventeenth century for use as a cloth mill .

street in Stamford Hill , now a north London suburb , where Mr Budden ‘ having a great predilection for the country , had purchased a cottage ’ .
street in stamford hill , now a north london suburb , where mr budden ‘ having a great predilection for the country , had [bought] a cottage ’ .

Finally , we need to add the purchased services — these are shown as line … in the figure .
finally , we need to add the [bought] services — these are shown as line … in the figure .

It was found that the machine had been purchased by a Sultan in the Middle East , but its whereabouts could not be discovered .
it was found that the machine had been [bought] by a sultan in the middle east , but its whereabouts could not be discovered .

Often a tape is purchased , with the hypnotist 's voice making new suggestions such as ‘ you will be relaxed at the start of your next race ’ , or ‘ when you reach the half-way point in the race , you will find new energy ’ or ‘ when you go to the next committee meeting , you will not feel dominated by the others , but will feel free to express your views without fear ’ : the applications of this technique are endless .
often a tape is [bought] , with the hypnotist 's voice making new suggestions such as ‘ you will be relaxed at the start of your next race ’ , or ‘ when you reach the half-way point in the race , you will find new energy ’ or ‘ when you go to the next committee meeting , you will not feel dominated by the others , but will feel free to express your views without fear ’ : the applications of this technique are endless .

The firm of Wilkes , Son and Cassey ceased trading in 1926 , the business and premises were purchased by The Salisbury Co-operative Society Limited who then only stocked larger items of ironmongery and added a furniture department on the first floor .
the firm of wilkes , son and cassey ceased trading in 1926 , the business and premises were [bought] by the salisbury co-operative society limited who then only stocked larger items of ironmongery and added a furniture department on the first floor .

In 1931 , following the death of Mr. Hugh Morrison , the Member of Parliament for Salisbury , it was purchased by the local Conservative Association .
in 1931 , following the death of mr. hugh morrison , the member of parliament for salisbury , it was [bought] by the local conservative association .

Goods purchased in this way are often chosen from a catalogue .
goods [bought] in this way are often chosen from a catalogue .

It will also record it on the customer receipt , together with the date , the name of the shop , the value of each item purchased and the total amount paid .
it will also record it on the customer receipt , together with the date , the name of the shop , the value of each item [bought] and the total amount paid .

Always give the customers their receipts — it is proof that they have purchased the goods , and may be needed if they wish to return or exchange an item .
always give the customers their receipts — it is proof that they have [bought] the goods , and may be needed if they wish to return or exchange an item .

However , it can be a disadvantage for the customer if an item is purchased as a gift .
however , it can be a disadvantage for the customer if an item is [bought] as a gift .

The advantage of own brands for the retailer is that they can only be purchased from that particular company .
the advantage of own brands for the retailer is that they can only be [bought] from that particular company .

You take £2.06 from the cash box and fill in a cash voucher with the amount and details of the item purchased .
you take £2.06 from the cash box and fill in a cash voucher with the amount and details of the item [bought] .

The Factories ( Canteens ) Order No 1993 of 1940 required provision of suitable canteens where hot meals could be purchased in factories where more than 250 persons were employed on Government Work .
the factories ( canteens ) order no 1993 of 1940 required provision of suitable canteens where hot meals could be [bought] in factories where more than 250 persons were employed on government work .

Manager Dick Graham immediately went back to his former club , West Bromwich Albion , and purchased Welsh International , Tony Millington to take over but , by the end of the year it was Jackson who was earning praise in the Palace goal after standing in for the injured Welshman and making his home debut against Cardiff on 28 November 1964 , and by the end of the season ‘ Jacko ’ , as he became popularly called , was in undisputed possession
manager dick graham immediately went back to his former club , west bromwich albion , and [bought] welsh international , tony millington to take over but , by the end of the year it was jackson who was earning praise in the palace goal after standing in for the injured welshman and making his home debut against cardiff on 28 november 1964 , and by the end of the season ‘ jacko ’ , as he became popularly called , was in undisputed possession

And more than eight out of 10 people on a day out include bread — the most portable of foods — in their picnic feast , either brought from home or purchased en-route .
and more than eight out of 10 people on a day out include bread — the most portable of foods — in their picnic feast , either brought from home or [bought] en-route .

Young was impressed by the fact that the school had a farm , a facility lacking at the London College for over 150 years ( it would be interesting to know if the College later unwittingly purchased his North Mimms farm ) .
young was impressed by the fact that the school had a farm , a facility lacking at the london college for over 150 years ( it would be interesting to know if the college later unwittingly [bought] his north mimms farm ) .

He was the grandson of William Penn , the founder of Pennsylvania , who purchased an estate in Stoke Poges Park in 1760 .
he was the grandson of william penn , the founder of pennsylvania , who [bought] an estate in stoke poges park in 1760 .

There were three dissecting rooms , containing carcasses of donkeys purchased wholesale .
there were three dissecting rooms , containing carcasses of donkeys [bought] wholesale .

Extra materials had been purchased as a result of savings in some areas .
extra materials had been [bought] as a result of savings in some areas .

Purchased fifty years since , and began as a page in Damascus .
[bought] fifty years since , and began as a page in damascus .

The farm was purchased by William Lambarde for £550 .
the farm was [bought] by william lambarde for £550 .

In 1920 the farm was purchased by Messrs. Whitbread and Co. who went on to develop the site into one of the largest working hop farms in Kent , to satisfy the county 's growing thirst for beer .
in 1920 the farm was [bought] by messrs. whitbread and co. who went on to develop the site into one of the largest working hop farms in kent , to satisfy the county 's growing thirst for beer .

He had purchased a lot of land and even more books and ‘ expensive trifles ’ .
he had [bought] a lot of land and even more books and ‘ expensive trifles ’ .

The painter told a young man joining the navy , ‘ Never purchase any enjoyment if it can not be purchased without borrowing of others .
the painter told a young man joining the navy , ‘ never purchase any enjoyment if it can not be [bought] without borrowing of others .

Based on the principle of customer loyalty , their Price Promise guarantees to refund the difference if an item stocked by them can be purchased locally at a lower price .
based on the principle of customer loyalty , their price promise guarantees to refund the difference if an item stocked by them can be [bought] locally at a lower price .

Nearly threequarters of firewood and about half of the dung in urban India is purchased .
nearly threequarters of firewood and about half of the dung in urban india is [bought] .

This is the ship named after the hero of the Argentine Navy in the 19th century , and it is the first of four Meko type destroyers that Buenos Aires has purchased from the Hamburg shipyard ( who in turn have been supplied with Rolls-Royce engines ) .
this is the ship named after the hero of the argentine navy in the 19th century , and it is the first of four meko type destroyers that buenos aires has [bought] from the hamburg shipyard ( who in turn have been supplied with rolls-royce engines ) .

The feature they came to have in common was occupancy of land in South Kensington purchased with the profits from the 1851 Exhibition at the Crystal Palace .
the feature they came to have in common was occupancy of land in south kensington [bought] with the profits from the 1851 exhibition at the crystal palace .

After many years , the prize was changed to a piece of silver , to be purchased by the Captain demitting office .
after many years , the prize was changed to a piece of silver , to be [bought] by the captain demitting office .

should a computer be used — if so should packages be purchased or bespoke systems be commissioned ?
should a computer be used — if so should packages be [bought] or bespoke systems be commissioned ?

The Sierra is listed at £16,995 but , with say 12 per cent discount , can be purchased for £2000 less .
the sierra is listed at £16,995 but , with say 12 per cent discount , can be [bought] for £2000 less .

The track 's existence came under threat — there was talk of it becoming a gravel pit and it was , after all , a prime industrial area — but in 1982 tobacco giant Gallagher purchased the site and handed the important sections over to the Brooklands Museum Trust , erecting its new headquarters building where it would create least damage .
the track 's existence came under threat — there was talk of it becoming a gravel pit and it was , after all , a prime industrial area — but in 1982 tobacco giant gallagher [bought] the site and handed the important sections over to the brooklands museum trust , erecting its new headquarters building where it would create least damage .

He added : ‘ With the launch last autumn of the Flexiheat tariff to complement Economy 7 , night-rate electricity can now be purchased at less than a third of the standard domestic rate , offering economic efficient hot water and heating . ’
he added : ‘ with the launch last autumn of the flexiheat tariff to complement economy 7 , night-rate electricity can now be [bought] at less than a third of the standard domestic rate , offering economic efficient hot water and heating . ’

For those who have already purchased Volumes 1 & 2 , it is selfrecommending .
for those who have already [bought] volumes 1 & 2 , it is selfrecommending .

The church premises at Oxford Street had to be given up in 1922 , and All Saints Church , Paddington , was purchased .
the church premises at oxford street had to be given up in 1922 , and all saints church , paddington , was [bought] .

In 1875 Boston Spa College was purchased , and this became the nucleus of the present School .
in 1875 boston spa college was [bought] , and this became the nucleus of the present school .

When any equipment is purchased , an account of the cost of software ( paper , film , video-tape , slides ) must also be included .
when any equipment is [bought] , an account of the cost of software ( paper , film , video-tape , slides ) must also be included .

The Railway was purchased by The Keighley and Worth Valley Railway Preservation Society , formed by people who wished to re-open the line , which they did in 1968 .
the railway was [bought] by the keighley and worth valley railway preservation society , formed by people who wished to re-open the line , which they did in 1968 .

Offer applies to full price stalls and circle seats , purchased at the same time for all of the Friday evening Music Hall shows .
offer applies to full price stalls and circle seats , [bought] at the same time for all of the friday evening music hall shows .

Tickets can be purchased on boarding
tickets can be [bought] on boarding

claims , issued mainly by corporations and the government , purchased by the bank at less than their face value .
claims , issued mainly by corporations and the government , [bought] by the bank at less than their face value .

In other words , national media of exchange are purchased and sold against each other by residents and non-residents .
in other words , national media of exchange are [bought] and sold against each other by residents and non-residents .

They mark especial favours from the sovereign , for although ordinary grants of arms can be purchased ( subject always to the Earl Marshal 's pleasure and discretion ) , an augmentation can not , for its bestowal is in effect a royal warrant under the hand and seal of the reigning monarch .
they mark especial favours from the sovereign , for although ordinary grants of arms can be [bought] ( subject always to the earl marshal 's pleasure and discretion ) , an augmentation can not , for its bestowal is in effect a royal warrant under the hand and seal of the reigning monarch .

It is probably true to say that , with the exception of the more recently founded universities and colleges , all higher educational establishments have archival collections of varying sizes which they have generated , been given , or have purchased .
it is probably true to say that , with the exception of the more recently founded universities and colleges , all higher educational establishments have archival collections of varying sizes which they have generated , been given , or have [bought] .

It was the site of a Roman estate in the first-third centuries , the Saxons established farm clusters , two of its settlements were mentioned in Domesday , and King John used it as a hunting base ( and purchased his wines there ) .
it was the site of a roman estate in the first-third centuries , the saxons established farm clusters , two of its settlements were mentioned in domesday , and king john used it as a hunting base ( and [bought] his wines there ) .

This area could be purchased for £1,503,425 .
this area could be [bought] for £1,503,425 .

Sterile eye drops can be purchased for this purpose .
sterile eye drops can be [bought] for this purpose .

In 1995 , for instance , American consumers purchased 28.7 outerwear garments ( all coats , jackets , shirts , dresses , blouses , sweaters , trousers , slacks , and shorts ) per capita ; in China the estimated number of such garments was only 2 per capita .
in 1995 , for instance , american consumers [bought] 28.7 outerwear garments ( all coats , jackets , shirts , dresses , blouses , sweaters , trousers , slacks , and shorts ) per capita ; in china the estimated number of such garments was only 2 per capita .

For example , the per capita number of outerwear garments purchased in the United States increased from 14.3 to 28.7 in the period from 1967 to 1995.9 Imports , however , provided half the total in 1995 , leaving domestic production with only about the same per capita number of outerwear garments as three decades earlier10—all this , even though apparel and textiles in the United States have long been characterized by special import regulation .
for example , the per capita number of outerwear garments [bought] in the united states increased from 14.3 to 28.7 in the period from 1967 to 1995.9 imports , however , provided half the total in 1995 , leaving domestic production with only about the same per capita number of outerwear garments as three decades earlier10—all this , even though apparel and textiles in the united states have long been characterized by special import regulation .

Conceptually , retail inventory management is straightforward enough : Forecast demand for a product ; order the product in the appropriate quantity ; stock it in the right retail locations ; keep track of its sales and the resulting inventory levels ; and replenish its store inventories if possible ( either from the manufacturer if it offers replenishment services for that product or from the retailer ’ s central warehouse if the retailer had purchased a large quantity of the product in advance of the selling season ) .
conceptually , retail inventory management is straightforward enough : forecast demand for a product ; order the product in the appropriate quantity ; stock it in the right retail locations ; keep track of its sales and the resulting inventory levels ; and replenish its store inventories if possible ( either from the manufacturer if it offers replenishment services for that product or from the retailer ’ s central warehouse if the retailer had [bought] a large quantity of the product in advance of the selling season ) .

The customer may leave the store because a desired item was not in stock , thereby not purchasing anything else ; that means the stock-out cost would equal the margin on all the products the customer would have otherwise purchased .
the customer may leave the store because a desired item was not in stock , thereby not purchasing anything else ; that means the stock-out cost would equal the margin on all the products the customer would have otherwise [bought] .

Conversely , the retailer loses $ 240 = $ 440 – $ 200 whenever it stocks out of a dress that a customer would have purchased at full price .
conversely , the retailer loses $ 240 = $ 440 – $ 200 whenever it stocks out of a dress that a customer would have [bought] at full price .

According to the model , the retailer should purchase the quantity Q* that will yield [ Prob ( D < Q* ) ] = 240/ ( 240+80 ) = 240/320 = .75—that is , a 75 percent probability that demand for the dress will be less than the quantity purchased .
according to the model , the retailer should purchase the quantity q* that will yield [ prob ( d < q* ) ] = 240/ ( 240+80 ) = 240/320 = .75—that is , a 75 percent probability that demand for the dress will be less than the quantity [bought] .

In the 1850s and the 1860s the modern commodity dealer , who purchased directly from the farmer and sold directly to the processor , took over the distribution of agricultural products .
in the 1850s and the 1860s the modern commodity dealer , who [bought] directly from the farmer and sold directly to the processor , took over the distribution of agricultural products .

They typically determined the specifications of the goods purchased , the volume purchased , and the price to be charged to customers at retail .
they typically determined the specifications of the goods [bought] , the volume [bought] , and the price to be charged to customers at retail .

The well-to-do purchased imported cloth and had apparel made by itinerant tailors or those in small shops .
the well-to-do [bought] imported cloth and had apparel made by itinerant tailors or those in small shops .

Because Compaq , like other personal computer manufacturers , provides its distributors price guarantees on purchased inventories ( i.e. , it reimburses the distributor if it must mark down prices in response to falling memory or other costs ) , its inventory carrying costs are significant .
because compaq , like other personal computer manufacturers , provides its distributors price guarantees on [bought] inventories ( i.e. , it reimburses the distributor if it must mark down prices in response to falling memory or other costs ) , its inventory carrying costs are significant .

What can be done to ameliorate sweatshop conditions in developing countries that produce and export half of the apparel purchased in this country ?
what can be done to ameliorate sweatshop conditions in developing countries that produce and export half of the apparel [bought] in this country ?

Retail buyers , assigned to a specific product line , purchased products based on their best guesses of what would sell .
retail buyers , assigned to a specific product line , [bought] products based on their best guesses of what would sell .

In 1985 , the losses associated with -markdowns , stock-outs , and inventory carrying costs for U.S. retail-apparel-textile channels were estimated to be $ 25 billion.25 An estimated 56 percent of these losses , $ 14 billion , arose from the need to mark down unsold products , either through store sales and promotions or through the use of the sizable secondary market for items purchased by discount retailers for sale to other consumer segments .
in 1985 , the losses associated with -markdowns , stock-outs , and inventory carrying costs for u.s. retail-apparel-textile channels were estimated to be $ 25 billion.25 an estimated 56 percent of these losses , $ 14 billion , arose from the need to mark down unsold products , either through store sales and promotions or through the use of the sizable secondary market for items [bought] by discount retailers for sale to other consumer segments .

Given limited information on sales , this meant that these retailers purchased large inventories of goods that they would then “ push ” to consumers , often by means of price reductions and sales promotions .
given limited information on sales , this meant that these retailers [bought] large inventories of goods that they would then “ push ” to consumers , often by means of price reductions and sales promotions .

As a result , it could reduce the amount of inventory it needed to hold for any given product and focus its resources on stocking those goods that were being purchased by consumers .
as a result , it could reduce the amount of inventory it needed to hold for any given product and focus its resources on stocking those goods that were being [bought] by consumers .

Dillard ’ s also purchased computing capacity for individual stores and its headquarters office , along with the necessary equipment to connect stores to the head office via electronic data transmission .
dillard ’ s also [bought] computing capacity for individual stores and its headquarters office , along with the necessary equipment to connect stores to the head office via electronic data transmission .

Some purchased servants might decide to opt for permanent servitude simply because they can not bear to live without their wives and family .
some [bought] servants might decide to opt for permanent servitude simply because they can not bear to live without their wives and family .

At that price , the markets “ clear , ” that is , all the widgets supplied are purchased .
at that price , the markets “ clear , ” that is , all the widgets supplied are [bought] .

Choose one , or visit all three to get a comprehensive overview of tropical environments , not to mention some pointers for caring for house-plants that can be purchased back home .
choose one , or visit all three to get a comprehensive overview of tropical environments , not to mention some pointers for caring for house-plants that can be [bought] back home .

In 1995 the gallery and London ’ s Victoria and Albert Museum jointly purchased The Three Graces , a sculpture by Antonio Canova that was in danger of being sold abroad .
in 1995 the gallery and london ’ s victoria and albert museum jointly [bought] the three graces , a sculpture by antonio canova that was in danger of being sold abroad .

To avoid possible complications with customs , veteran travelers ask for and retain a receipt ( sales slip ) for everything purchased .
to avoid possible complications with customs , veteran travelers ask for and retain a receipt ( sales slip ) for everything [bought] .

Purchased by both companies and individuals ( at vast expense ) in the hope of incurring the blessings of the gods , the torii become smaller as you progress through the tunnel and begin to ascend the mountain .
[bought] by both companies and individuals ( at vast expense ) in the hope of incurring the blessings of the gods , the torii become smaller as you progress through the tunnel and begin to ascend the mountain .

Unlike bingo , however , the odds are shifted in that players circle random numbers on a purchased ticket and wait for a fixed set of numbers to be drawn .
unlike bingo , however , the odds are shifted in that players circle random numbers on a [bought] ticket and wait for a fixed set of numbers to be drawn .

Built for the Pisani doges in 1756 , with 200 rooms , Tiepolo frescoes in the ballroom , and vast park with pond , labyrinth , and stables , it was purchased by Napoleon in 1807 and subsequently hosted Tsars , Hapsburg emperors , and , for their first meeting in 1934 , Hitler and Mussolini .
built for the pisani doges in 1756 , with 200 rooms , tiepolo frescoes in the ballroom , and vast park with pond , labyrinth , and stables , it was [bought] by napoleon in 1807 and subsequently hosted tsars , hapsburg emperors , and , for their first meeting in 1934 , hitler and mussolini .

VAT Refunds Non-EU nationals are entitled to a refund of the value added tax ( VAT ) charged on items that are purchased to be taken out of the country .
vat refunds non-eu nationals are entitled to a refund of the value added tax ( vat ) charged on items that are [bought] to be taken out of the country .

Many northern Europeans , especially Germans , have purchased summer and retirement homes here ; during the months of July and August , Spaniards are flatly outnumbered , when the dominant languages are German and English .
many northern europeans , especially germans , have [bought] summer and retirement homes here ; during the months of july and august , spaniards are flatly outnumbered , when the dominant languages are german and english .

Long Beach ’ s rebirth as a tourist destination started in 1967 , when the city purchased Cunard ’ s former luxury liner , the Queen Mary .
long beach ’ s rebirth as a tourist destination started in 1967 , when the city [bought] cunard ’ s former luxury liner , the queen mary .

Blooms are produced all year in hothouses scattered across the countryside and can be purchased at the Bloemenmarkt on the Singel .
blooms are produced all year in hothouses scattered across the countryside and can be [bought] at the bloemenmarkt on the singel .

The package must be purchased after your arrival in Puerto Rico .
the package must be [bought] after your arrival in puerto rico .

Blooms are produced all year in hothouses scattered across the countryside and can be purchased at the Bloemenmarkt on the Singel .
blooms are produced all year in hothouses scattered across the countryside and can be [bought] at the bloemenmarkt on the singel .

Tickets everywhere are 20 percent more than the official price when purchased from agencies and as much as 40 percent more from hotels .
tickets everywhere are 20 percent more than the official price when [bought] from agencies and as much as 40 percent more from hotels .

Paul Revere purchased it in 1770 for £213 , a sizable sum for an artisan .
paul revere [bought] it in 1770 for £213 , a sizable sum for an artisan .

For that amount the commissioners purchased the great stained glass windows by John LaFarge , Edward Burne-Jones , and William Morris in addition to the building itself .
for that amount the commissioners [bought] the great stained glass windows by john lafarge , edward burne-jones , and william morris in addition to the building itself .

They should be quite inexpensive , particularly when purchased from streetside vendors .
they should be quite inexpensive , particularly when [bought] from streetside vendors .

Admission is US $ 30 , including a drink ( $ 27 if purchased from a travel agency ) .
admission is us $ 30 , including a drink ( $ 27 if [bought] from a travel agency ) .

Tickets may be purchased at the box office on the c/ Sant Pere Més Alt , near the top of via Laietana .
tickets may be [bought] at the box office on the c/ sant pere més alt , near the top of via laietana .

However , alcohol is duty-free only if bought to take off the island , not when purchased for consumption on the island .
however , alcohol is duty-free only if bought to take off the island , not when [bought] for consumption on the island .

There are artists at work in its studios , and recent works can be purchased in the gift shop .
there are artists at work in its studios , and recent works can be [bought] in the gift shop .

By JOSE CARDENAS TIMES STAFF WRITER December 9 2001 California Rural Legal Assistance has purchased an Oxnard building it had been renting since earlier this year , moving the provider of legal services for Ventura County 's poor closer to two goals .
by jose cardenas times staff writer december 9 2001 california rural legal assistance has [bought] an oxnard building it had been renting since earlier this year , moving the provider of legal services for ventura county 's poor closer to two goals .

As part of its funding agreement , the LSC requires property purchased with government funds be returned to the nonprofit corporation if a local agency loses its grant , Kleiman said .
as part of its funding agreement , the lsc requires property [bought] with government funds be returned to the nonprofit corporation if a local agency loses its grant , kleiman said .

Such PP & E is expensed if purchased , but no amount is recognized if it is received as a donation.44 Correspondingly , no revenue is recognized for such donations .
such pp & e is expensed if [bought] , but no amount is recognized if it is received as a donation.44 correspondingly , no revenue is recognized for such donations .

Sales of goods and services in undercover operations. -- The cost of the Government 's undercover operations is defrayed in whole or in part from the proceeds of sales of goods that have been purchased ( as opposed to goods that have been forfeited ) .
sales of goods and services in undercover operations. -- the cost of the government 's undercover operations is defrayed in whole or in part from the proceeds of sales of goods that have been [bought] ( as opposed to goods that have been forfeited ) .

Under the latest acquisition cost method , all like units that are held are valued at the invoice price of the most recent like item purchased , less any discounts , plus additional costs described in the following paragraphs .
under the latest acquisition cost method , all like units that are held are valued at the invoice price of the most recent like item [bought] , less any discounts , plus additional costs described in the following paragraphs .

FIRST-IN , FIRST-OUT ( FIFO ) - A cost flow assumption ; the first goods purchased or produced are assumed to be the first goods sold .
first-in , first-out ( fifo ) - a cost flow assumption ; the first goods [bought] or produced are assumed to be the first goods sold .

LAST-IN , FIRST-OUT ( LIFO ) - A cost flow assumption ; the last goods purchased are assumed to be the first goods sold .
last-in , first-out ( lifo ) - a cost flow assumption ; the last goods [bought] are assumed to be the first goods sold .

LATEST ACQUISITION COST ( LAC ) METHOD -A method that provides that all like units that are held be valued at the invoice price of the most recent like item purchased , less any discounts , plus any additional costs incurred to bring the item to a form and location suitable for its intended use .
latest acquisition cost ( lac ) method -a method that provides that all like units that are held be valued at the invoice price of the most recent like item [bought] , less any discounts , plus any additional costs incurred to bring the item to a form and location suitable for its intended use .

The receipt and acceptance portion generally involves a government employee taking possession of the items purchased and verifying quantity and quality of the items received .
the receipt and acceptance portion generally involves a government employee taking possession of the items [bought] and verifying quantity and quality of the items received .

The payment approval and authorization portions of the process can involve a multistep process with administrative approvals being first Background followed by payment authorization.1 An administrative approval is generally performed by a responsible official in the unit that ordered or received the items purchased .
the payment approval and authorization portions of the process can involve a multistep process with administrative approvals being first background followed by payment authorization.1 an administrative approval is generally performed by a responsible official in the unit that ordered or received the items [bought] .

The proposed changes would allow payment on invoices under $ 25,000 prior to verification of receipt and acceptance of the items purchased .
the proposed changes would allow payment on invoices under $ 25,000 prior to verification of receipt and acceptance of the items [bought] .

The hardware or software purchased may also be inconsistent with government standards .
the hardware or software [bought] may also be inconsistent with government standards .

In most cases , information resources will be purchased by issuing an RFP , which forms the basis for the resulting contract .
in most cases , information resources will be [bought] by issuing an rfp , which forms the basis for the resulting contract .

The audit team should include persons sufficiently knowledgeable about the information technology being purchased to judge how well the agency has defined its requirements in the RFP .
the audit team should include persons sufficiently knowledgeable about the information technology being [bought] to judge how well the agency has defined its requirements in the rfp .

Effectively carried out test and acceptanceprocedures to verify that the resources purchased meet the agency 's needs .
effectively carried out test and acceptanceprocedures to verify that the resources [bought] meet the agency 's needs .

In other words , in each succeeding year , a dollar spent on computers purchased 22 percent more computing power on average than it did the previous year.6 6See J. Steven Landefeld and Bruce T. Grimm , `` A Note on the Impact of Hedonics and Computers on Real GDP , '' Survey of Current Business , Bureau of Economic Analysis , Vol .
in other words , in each succeeding year , a dollar spent on computers [bought] 22 percent more computing power on average than it did the previous year.6 6see j. steven landefeld and bruce t. grimm , `` a note on the impact of hedonics and computers on real gdp , '' survey of current business , bureau of economic analysis , vol .

If inhouse cultures can not be maintained , test organisms should be purchased from experienced commercial suppliers ( see Appendix for sources ) .
if inhouse cultures can not be maintained , test organisms should be [bought] from experienced commercial suppliers ( see appendix for sources ) .

Fish such as fathead minnows , sheepshead minnows , and silversides , and invertebrates such as daphnids and mysids , are easily reared in the laboratory or purchased .
fish such as fathead minnows , sheepshead minnows , and silversides , and invertebrates such as daphnids and mysids , are easily reared in the laboratory or [bought] .

If inhouse cultures can not be maintained or it is not cost effective , test organisms should be purchased from experienced commercial suppliers ( see USEPA , 1993b ) .
if inhouse cultures can not be maintained or it is not cost effective , test organisms should be [bought] from experienced commercial suppliers ( see usepa , 1993b ) .

Fish such as sheepshead minnows and silversides , and invertebrates such as mysids , are easily reared in the laboratory or purchased .
fish such as sheepshead minnows and silversides , and invertebrates such as mysids , are easily reared in the laboratory or [bought] .

Finally , there are interactions with the tax system when , in response to a rise in the relative cost of purchased goods , people decide to enjoy more A more complete assessment of each policy scenario can be made by reviewing the more detailed data contained in the Appendix .
finally , there are interactions with the tax system when , in response to a rise in the relative cost of [bought] goods , people decide to enjoy more a more complete assessment of each policy scenario can be made by reviewing the more detailed data contained in the appendix .

In order to meet the allowance holding requirements for nitrogen oxides starting 2008 or for sulfur dioxide or mercury starting 2010 , the owner or operator of a facility may use allowances purchased in a direct sale from the Administrator at a fixed price , i.e. , $ 4,000 for a sulfur dioxide or nitrogen oxides allowance ( covering one ton ) and $ 2,187.50 for a mercury allowance ( covering one ounce ) .
in order to meet the allowance holding requirements for nitrogen oxides starting 2008 or for sulfur dioxide or mercury starting 2010 , the owner or operator of a facility may use allowances [bought] in a direct sale from the administrator at a fixed price , i.e. , $ 4,000 for a sulfur dioxide or nitrogen oxides allowance ( covering one ton ) and $ 2,187.50 for a mercury allowance ( covering one ounce ) .

Yeast -- Packaged dry yeast , such as Fleischmann 's , or equivalent , can be purchased at the local grocery store or commercial sources .
yeast -- packaged dry yeast , such as fleischmann 's , or equivalent , can be [bought] at the local grocery store or commercial sources .

If inhouse cultures can not be maintained or it is not cost effective , test organisms or starter cultures should be purchased from experienced commercial suppliers ( see USEPA , 2002a ) .
if inhouse cultures can not be maintained or it is not cost effective , test organisms or starter cultures should be [bought] from experienced commercial suppliers ( see usepa , 2002a ) .

While limestone processing can be performed at the facility , purchased powdered limestone is an option that also reduces or eliminates the requirement for on-site reagent preparation and other equipment , as well as the space these processes would occupy .
while limestone processing can be performed at the facility , [bought] powdered limestone is an option that also reduces or eliminates the requirement for on-site reagent preparation and other equipment , as well as the space these processes would occupy .

The catalyst may also be regenerated rather than replaced.23 This will reduce the amount of new catalyst that must be purchased .
the catalyst may also be regenerated rather than replaced.23 this will reduce the amount of new catalyst that must be [bought] .

Allowances purchased at the auction may be used for any purpose and at any time after the auction , subject to the provisions of this title .
allowances [bought] at the auction may be used for any purpose and at any time after the auction , subject to the provisions of this title .

The bidder shall state in the bid schedule that the bidder is willing to purchase at the specified price fewer allowances than the specified amount and shall identify the account in the Allowance Tracking System under section 403 ( c ) in which the allowances purchased are to be placed .
the bidder shall state in the bid schedule that the bidder is willing to purchase at the specified price fewer allowances than the specified amount and shall identify the account in the allowance tracking system under section 403 ( c ) in which the allowances [bought] are to be placed .

The Administrator will provide the successful bidders notice of the allowances that they have purchased within thirty days after payment is collected by the Administrator .
the administrator will provide the successful bidders notice of the allowances that they have [bought] within thirty days after payment is collected by the administrator .

Allowances purchased at the auction may be used for any purpose and at any time after the auction , subject to the provisions of this subpart and subpart 2 .
allowances [bought] at the auction may be used for any purpose and at any time after the auction , subject to the provisions of this subpart and subpart 2 .

The PPP has been produced by the Organization of Economic Co-Operation and Development ( OECD ) and shows the number of Italian liras required in 1999 to buy goods and services equivalent to what can be purchased with one U.S. dollar .
the ppp has been produced by the organization of economic co-operation and development ( oecd ) and shows the number of italian liras required in 1999 to buy goods and services equivalent to what can be [bought] with one u.s. dollar .

For example , when they purchased a used car ( with cash ) , they bought it from a man who lived across the street from the Islamic Center and who let them use his address in registering the vehicle , an accommodation `` to help a fellow Muslim brother . ''
for example , when they [bought] a used car ( with cash ) , they bought it from a man who lived across the street from the islamic center and who let them use his address in registering the vehicle , an accommodation `` to help a fellow muslim brother . ''

In July 2000 , Salmi purchased $ 4,000 in traveler 's checks at a bank in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia .
in july 2000 , salmi [bought] $ 4,000 in traveler 's checks at a bank in riyadh , saudi arabia .

The muscle hijackers supplied an infusion of funds , which they carried as a mixture of cash and traveler 's checks purchased in the UAE and Saudi Arabia .
the muscle hijackers supplied an infusion of funds , which they carried as a mixture of cash and traveler 's checks [bought] in the uae and saudi arabia .

Seven muscle hijackers are known to have purchased a total of nearly $ 50,000 in traveler 's checks that were used in the United States .
seven muscle hijackers are known to have [bought] a total of nearly $ 50,000 in traveler 's checks that were used in the united states .

On July 16 , Binalshibh returned to Hamburg , using a ticket Atta had purchased for him earlier that day .
on july 16 , binalshibh returned to hamburg , using a ticket atta had [bought] for him earlier that day .

On July 20 , 2001 , Aysel Senguen , Jarrah 's girlfriend , purchased a one-way ticket for Jarrah from Miami to Dusseldorf .
on july 20 , 2001 , aysel senguen , jarrah 's girlfriend , [bought] a one-way ticket for jarrah from miami to dusseldorf .

Moussaoui also purchased two knives and inquired of two manufacturers of GPS equipment whether their products could be converted for aeronautical use-activities that closely resembled those of the 9/11 hijackers during their final preparations for the attacks .
moussaoui also [bought] two knives and inquired of two manufacturers of gps equipment whether their products could be converted for aeronautical use-activities that closely resembled those of the 9/11 hijackers during their final preparations for the attacks .

While Atta was in New Jersey , he , Hazmi , and Hanjour all purchased tickets for another set of surveillance flights .
while atta was in new jersey , he , hazmi , and hanjour all [bought] tickets for another set of surveillance flights .

He was able to buy only one unit , which he picked up a few days later when he also purchased three aeronautical charts .
he was able to buy only one unit , which he picked up a few days later when he also [bought] three aeronautical charts .

All 19 tickets were booked and purchased between August 25 and September 5 .
all 19 tickets were booked and [bought] between august 25 and september 5 .

Essabar made reservations on August 22 and departed Hamburg for Karachi on August 30 ; Bahaji purchased his tickets on August 20 and departed Hamburg for Karachi on September 3 .
essabar made reservations on august 22 and departed hamburg for karachi on august 30 ; bahaji [bought] his tickets on august 20 and departed hamburg for karachi on september 3 .

Al Qaeda apparently purchased the cylinder , then discovered it to be bogus .
al qaeda apparently [bought] the cylinder , then discovered it to be bogus .

Members of the cells rented residences , and purchased bomb-making materials and transport vehicles .
members of the cells rented residences , and [bought] bomb-making materials and transport vehicles .

The suicide trucks were purchased shortly before the attack date .
the suicide trucks were [bought] shortly before the attack date .

He also purchased flight simulator software and a few movies depicting hijackings .
he also [bought] flight simulator software and a few movies depicting hijackings .

A single U.S.-based institutional investor with no conceivable ties to al Qaeda purchased 95 percent of the UAL puts on September 6 as part of a trading strategy that also included buying 115,000 shares of American on September 10 .
a single u.s.-based institutional investor with no conceivable ties to al qaeda [bought] 95 percent of the ual puts on september 6 as part of a trading strategy that also included buying 115,000 shares of american on september 10 .

Exactly one month later , Hazmi and Mihdhar purchased flight equipment from an instructor at the Sorbi Flying Club in San Diego .
exactly one month later , hazmi and mihdhar [bought] flight equipment from an instructor at the sorbi flying club in san diego .

We believe this report was erroneous for a number of reasons- there is no evidence that the hijackers purchased firearms , use of a gun would be inconsistent with the otherwise common tactics employed by the hijackers , the alleged shooting victim was seated where witness accounts place the stabbing victim ( 9B ) , and , most important , neither Betty Ong nor Amy Sweeney , the only two people who communicated to the ground from aboard the aircraft , reported the presence of a gun or a shooting .
we believe this report was erroneous for a number of reasons- there is no evidence that the hijackers [bought] firearms , use of a gun would be inconsistent with the otherwise common tactics employed by the hijackers , the alleged shooting victim was seated where witness accounts place the stabbing victim ( 9b ) , and , most important , neither betty ong nor amy sweeney , the only two people who communicated to the ground from aboard the aircraft , reported the presence of a gun or a shooting .

There is no evidence that the hijackers manipulated passenger levels or purchased additional seats to facilitate their operation .
there is no evidence that the hijackers manipulated passenger levels or [bought] additional seats to facilitate their operation .

Anti-ROCK1 antibody was purchased from Chemicon ( Temecula , California , United States ) .
anti-rock1 antibody was [bought] from chemicon ( temecula , california , united states ) .

Streptavidin-antibody HRP-conjugated C-Myc antibody 9E10 , mevalonic acid , arachidonic acid , and phenylarsine oxide were purchased from Sigma ( St. Louis , Missouri , United States ) .
streptavidin-antibody hrp-conjugated c-myc antibody 9e10 , mevalonic acid , arachidonic acid , and phenylarsine oxide were [bought] from sigma ( st. louis , missouri , united states ) .

Sulfo-NHS-LC-Biotin was purchased from Pierce ( Rockford , Illinois , United States ) .
sulfo-nhs-lc-biotin was [bought] from pierce ( rockford , illinois , united states ) .

Fugene 6 was purchased from Roche ( Basel , Switzerland ) .
fugene 6 was [bought] from roche ( basel , switzerland ) .

Tumor necrosis factor α ( TNFα ) protease inhibitor 2 and Y-27632 were purchased from Calbiochem ( San Diego , California , United States ) .
tumor necrosis factor α ( tnfα ) protease inhibitor 2 and y-27632 were [bought] from calbiochem ( san diego , california , united states ) .

Protein concentration assay kit was purchased from Biorad ( Hercules , California , United States ) .
protein concentration assay kit was [bought] from biorad ( hercules , california , united states ) .

LIVE/DEAD Viability/Cytotoxicity Assay Kits and Amplex Red Cholesterol Assay Kits were purchased from Molecular Probes ( Eugene , Oregon , United States ) .
live/dead viability/cytotoxicity assay kits and amplex red cholesterol assay kits were [bought] from molecular probes ( eugene , oregon , united states ) .

Under general anesthesia , 9- to 10-wk-old male NOD scid mice ( purchased from Jackson Laboratories , Bar Harbor , Maine , United States ) were engrafted with 1,000 handpicked IPC clusters in the right and left subcapsular renal space ( 500 IPC clusters each ) or received a sham transplant of saline solution .
under general anesthesia , 9- to 10-wk-old male nod scid mice ( [bought] from jackson laboratories , bar harbor , maine , united states ) were engrafted with 1,000 handpicked ipc clusters in the right and left subcapsular renal space ( 500 ipc clusters each ) or received a sham transplant of saline solution .

Cell Culture Human proximal tubular cell line HK-2 and murine collecting duct cell line M1 were purchased from American Type Culture Collection ( Manassas , Virginia , United States ) and cultured according to the vendor 's instructions .
cell culture human proximal tubular cell line hk-2 and murine collecting duct cell line m1 were [bought] from american type culture collection ( manassas , virginia , united states ) and cultured according to the vendor 's instructions .

Preparation of FFA Palmitic acid ( P5585 ) , oleic acid , and FFA-free low-endotoxin BSA ( A8806 ) were purchased from Sigma .
preparation of ffa palmitic acid ( p5585 ) , oleic acid , and ffa-free low-endotoxin bsa ( a8806 ) were [bought] from sigma .

Z-DEVD-fmk , z-VAD-fmk , z-FA-fmk , and z-LEHD-fmk were purchased from BD .
z-devd-fmk , z-vad-fmk , z-fa-fmk , and z-lehd-fmk were [bought] from bd .

Antibodies The following monoclonal antibodies were purchased from BD Biosciences Pharmingen ( San Diego , California , United States ) : FITC- , Cy5- , and PE-conjugated anti-CD4 , -CD8 , -CD3 , -CD14 , -CD69 , -CXCR3 , -CCR3 , -CCR4 , and -CCR5 .
antibodies the following monoclonal antibodies were [bought] from bd biosciences pharmingen ( san diego , california , united states ) : fitc- , cy5- , and pe-conjugated anti-cd4 , -cd8 , -cd3 , -cd14 , -cd69 , -cxcr3 , -ccr3 , -ccr4 , and -ccr5 .

For enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay studies , anti-human antibodies to IFN-γ , IL-4 , IP-10 , MIG , I-TAC , and the appropriate secondary reagents were purchased from R & D Systems ( Minneapolis , Minnesota , United States ) .
for enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay studies , anti-human antibodies to ifn-γ , il-4 , ip-10 , mig , i-tac , and the appropriate secondary reagents were [bought] from r & d systems ( minneapolis , minnesota , united states ) .

CD107 Mobilization Assays Target cells The HLA-A*0201-positive melanoma lines Malme-3M and A375 and the T2 cell line were purchased from ATCC ( Manassas , Virginia , United States ) and maintained according to instructions provided by the ATCC .
cd107 mobilization assays target cells the hla-a*0201-positive melanoma lines malme-3m and a375 and the t2 cell line were [bought] from atcc ( manassas , virginia , united states ) and maintained according to instructions provided by the atcc .

Cell Culture The NSCLC cell lines H1650 , H1975 , H2030 , H2347 , H2444 , H358 , and H1734 were purchased from American Type Culture Collection ( Manassas , Virginia , United States ) .
cell culture the nsclc cell lines h1650 , h1975 , h2030 , h2347 , h2444 , h358 , and h1734 were [bought] from american type culture collection ( manassas , virginia , united states ) .

This is partially offset by the proliferating open-access journals from the Public Library of Science and BioMed Central , free electronic versions of older issues provided by some journals , free subscriptions for Russian academic institutes granted by some publishers or purchased by international foundations ( e.g. , the e-library.ru project organized by the RFBR and supported by the Open Society Institute [ the Soros Foundation , based in New York ] and the Department of Education ) ( Table 2 ) , reprints at authors ' Web pages , and last but not least , colleagues abroad who break copyright laws by e-mailing PDF files ; there is even a popular bulletin board coordinating this activity .
this is partially offset by the proliferating open-access journals from the public library of science and biomed central , free electronic versions of older issues provided by some journals , free subscriptions for russian academic institutes granted by some publishers or [bought] by international foundations ( e.g. , the e-library.ru project organized by the rfbr and supported by the open society institute [ the soros foundation , based in new york ] and the department of education ) ( table 2 ) , reprints at authors ' web pages , and last but not least , colleagues abroad who break copyright laws by e-mailing pdf files ; there is even a popular bulletin board coordinating this activity .

To save this precious , historical land from developers , Audubon worked with a local bank and purchased this land for preservation .
to save this precious , historical land from developers , audubon worked with a local bank and [bought] this land for preservation .

I know you 've purchased tickets this year and I thank you .
i know you 've [bought] tickets this year and i thank you .

Undaunted , Chatterbox marched off to a nearby bookstore and purchased What the Face Reveals : Basic and Applied Studies of Spontaneous Expression Using the Facial Action Coding System ( FACS ) , edited by Ekman and Erika Rosenberg .
undaunted , chatterbox marched off to a nearby bookstore and [bought] what the face reveals : basic and applied studies of spontaneous expression using the facial action coding system ( facs ) , edited by ekman and erika rosenberg .

Two years later , the men who went home are informed of what happened after they boarded the plane : Police discovered their leftover hashish ( purchased for a ridiculously low sum in American dollars and tossed into the garbage as they were leaving ) and imprisoned the remaining Yank .
two years later , the men who went home are informed of what happened after they boarded the plane : police discovered their leftover hashish ( [bought] for a ridiculously low sum in american dollars and tossed into the garbage as they were leaving ) and imprisoned the remaining yank .

Both the NYT and the WP report that this coming Sunday night , `` 60 Minutes '' producer Don Hewitt will appear on the show to apologize for a previous broadcast of footage about the Colombian drug trade ( purchased from a documentary-maker ) that is now known to be fake , with actors playing drug dealers and a drug lair turning out to be a film-maker 's hotel room .
both the nyt and the wp report that this coming sunday night , `` 60 minutes '' producer don hewitt will appear on the show to apologize for a previous broadcast of footage about the colombian drug trade ( [bought] from a documentary-maker ) that is now known to be fake , with actors playing drug dealers and a drug lair turning out to be a film-maker 's hotel room .

Since Republic still owned the copyrighted story behind It 's a Wonderful Life and had also purchased exclusive rights to the movie 's copyrighted music , it was able to essentially yank the movie out of the public domain : It claimed that since Wonderful Life relied on these copyrighted works , the film could no longer be shown without the studio 's blessing .
since republic still owned the copyrighted story behind it 's a wonderful life and had also [bought] exclusive rights to the movie 's copyrighted music , it was able to essentially yank the movie out of the public domain : it claimed that since wonderful life relied on these copyrighted works , the film could no longer be shown without the studio 's blessing .

The Post story anoints Familywonder.com discount-king : The site , an online warehouse of things to buy children , promised last week to send $ 20 to anyone who answered a survey and purchased at least $ 20 worth of merchandise .
the post story anoints familywonder.com discount-king : the site , an online warehouse of things to buy children , promised last week to send $ 20 to anyone who answered a survey and [bought] at least $ 20 worth of merchandise .

Spinney also argues that the increasingly complex weapons under consideration are too expensive to be purchased and maintained in adequate numbers .
spinney also argues that the increasingly complex weapons under consideration are too expensive to be [bought] and maintained in adequate numbers .

That way identifies him as a playwright of the immediate postwar era , a period characterized by the anxiety of affluence , the worry that rising material status was being purchased at the expense of decency and mutual responsibility .
that way identifies him as a playwright of the immediate postwar era , a period characterized by the anxiety of affluence , the worry that rising material status was being [bought] at the expense of decency and mutual responsibility .

Any remaining reluctance was dashed when he greeted her return with the news that he had purchased a small brick and stonework house she had admired .
any remaining reluctance was dashed when he greeted her return with the news that he had [bought] a small brick and stonework house she had admired .

Some Republicans have tried to imply that the Chinese purchased the Clinton administration 's favor with illegal campaign cash .
some republicans have tried to imply that the chinese [bought] the clinton administration 's favor with illegal campaign cash .

Colombian , Mexican , Caribbean , and Southeast Asian drug lords have neutralized ( or purchased ) governments and recruited private armies .
colombian , mexican , caribbean , and southeast asian drug lords have neutralized ( or [bought] ) governments and recruited private armies .

Drug dealers , similarly , have purchased fiefs throughout Latin America and the Caribbean .
drug dealers , similarly , have [bought] fiefs throughout latin america and the caribbean .

Forbes entered the restaurant and walked over to the candy counter where he purchased some homemade fudge for $ 3.42 , handing over a $ 10 bill and two pennies .
forbes entered the restaurant and walked over to the candy counter where he [bought] some homemade fudge for $ 3.42 , handing over a $ 10 bill and two pennies .

The letters were purchased for $ 156,000 by a software magnate , who promptly announced that he might return the notes to Salinger .
the letters were [bought] for $ 156,000 by a software magnate , who promptly announced that he might return the notes to salinger .

As of this summer , there 's no need to schlep out to the country just to stock up on bugs : A pair of live horned beetles can be purchased from a vending machine for around $ 3.50 .
as of this summer , there 's no need to schlep out to the country just to stock up on bugs : a pair of live horned beetles can be [bought] from a vending machine for around $ 3.50 .

Photo so pathetic it almost made us laugh : The Globe 's shot of convenience store employee Mesfin Gebreegziabher holding items similar to the ones Kennedy purchased on his way to the airport the night he died : a bottle of Evian water , a banana , and a package of Duracell batteries .
photo so pathetic it almost made us laugh : the globe 's shot of convenience store employee mesfin gebreegziabher holding items similar to the ones kennedy [bought] on his way to the airport the night he died : a bottle of evian water , a banana , and a package of duracell batteries .

Below , actual lead sentences that made participants instantly turn the page , or change the channel , or slip a fresh clip into a cheap and easily obtainable hand gun or `` Saturday Night Special '' purchased within 50 feet of an elementary school , as our reporter goes undercover to ... well , you know -- what The New Yorker used to call `` letters we never finished reading '' ( or something ) .
below , actual lead sentences that made participants instantly turn the page , or change the channel , or slip a fresh clip into a cheap and easily obtainable hand gun or `` saturday night special '' [bought] within 50 feet of an elementary school , as our reporter goes undercover to ... well , you know -- what the new yorker used to call `` letters we never finished reading '' ( or something ) .

The Mail on Sunday of London reported that Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman have purchased a $ 3 million , five-story , 18 th -century house in the southeast London suburb of Dulwich , where they are thinking of sending their 3-year-old son , Connor , to one of London 's most prestigious private schools , Dulwich College .
the mail on sunday of london reported that tom cruise and nicole kidman have [bought] a $ 3 million , five-story , 18 th -century house in the southeast london suburb of dulwich , where they are thinking of sending their 3-year-old son , connor , to one of london 's most prestigious private schools , dulwich college .

Being that airline tickets , even a bereavement fare , purchased at the last minute can be quite expensive , I opted to cash in my voucher . ''
being that airline tickets , even a bereavement fare , [bought] at the last minute can be quite expensive , i opted to cash in my voucher . ''

Sara Howard , a Bradley press aide , said , `` As far as I know , we have not purchased space on any Web sites , whether they are associated with the papers running the ads in print version , or otherwise . ''
sara howard , a bradley press aide , said , `` as far as i know , we have not [bought] space on any web sites , whether they are associated with the papers running the ads in print version , or otherwise . ''

As one of the month 's many activities , the Michigan State Housing Development Authority sponsored an essay and drawing contest , `` What My Home Means to Me , '' for 5- through 12-year-olds whose families purchased a home in 1998 through a MSHDA funding and loan program .
as one of the month 's many activities , the michigan state housing development authority sponsored an essay and drawing contest , `` what my home means to me , '' for 5- through 12-year-olds whose families [bought] a home in 1998 through a mshda funding and loan program .

Conveniently , my book made it into paperback and can be purchased by clicking here . ''
conveniently , my book made it into paperback and can be [bought] by clicking here . ''

To make things worse , they have already told me about the ridiculously expensive gifts they have purchased for our irresistible little birthday girl .
to make things worse , they have already told me about the ridiculously expensive gifts they have [bought] for our irresistible little birthday girl .

The sponge , purchased by maintenance workers at the local five-and-dime , was highly flammable because it was synthetic , they determined .
the sponge , [bought] by maintenance workers at the local five-and-dime , was highly flammable because it was synthetic , they determined .

This other dress was a `` multicolored peasant dress '' ( according to the New York Post ) , purchased for not much money on Martha 's Vineyard ( Time ) , that might not exist at all ( according to Newsweek Washington bureau chief Ann McDaniel ) or really be a long T-shirt ( William Ginsburg to Barbara Walters on ABC 's 20/20 ) .
this other dress was a `` multicolored peasant dress '' ( according to the new york post ) , [bought] for not much money on martha 's vineyard ( time ) , that might not exist at all ( according to newsweek washington bureau chief ann mcdaniel ) or really be a long t-shirt ( william ginsburg to barbara walters on abc 's 20/20 ) .

Visit the Reagan ranch near Santa Barbara , recently purchased by the Young America 's Foundation , and look over Reagan 's bookshelf .
visit the reagan ranch near santa barbara , recently [bought] by the young america 's foundation , and look over reagan 's bookshelf .

In the past 48 hours The Atlantic has been purchased and the wonderful Michael Kelly has been installed as editor in chief ( another blow to the old Protestant Establishment and another victory for the ethnics ) , and Chuck Lane has been deposed as editor of the New Republic and Peter Beinart has been put in .
in the past 48 hours the atlantic has been [bought] and the wonderful michael kelly has been installed as editor in chief ( another blow to the old protestant establishment and another victory for the ethnics ) , and chuck lane has been deposed as editor of the new republic and peter beinart has been put in .

Movie-ticket prices vary , of course , but only depending on factors such as whether the buyer is a child or an adult or whether the ticket is purchased in the afternoon or in the evening .
movie-ticket prices vary , of course , but only depending on factors such as whether the buyer is a child or an adult or whether the ticket is [bought] in the afternoon or in the evening .

Your Louisiana campaign chair purchased mailing lists from David Duke .
your louisiana campaign chair [bought] mailing lists from david duke .

The Times suggests the key factor is ensuring that investors have access to good information regarding any stock to be purchased .
the times suggests the key factor is ensuring that investors have access to good information regarding any stock to be [bought] .

Despite Krugman 's argument , it would matter to me if I knew that the shirt I just purchased was produced by laborers who were beaten and tortured in order to increase their productivity .
despite krugman 's argument , it would matter to me if i knew that the shirt i just [bought] was produced by laborers who were beaten and tortured in order to increase their productivity .

Boy could I use a drink purchased at a cash bar .
boy could i use a drink [bought] at a cash bar .

If someone bludgeons Chatterbox to death with a copy of David Halberstam 's The Children , Chatterbox hopes prosecutors will be able to check whether any of its enemies previously purchased that worthy tome .
if someone bludgeons chatterbox to death with a copy of david halberstam 's the children , chatterbox hopes prosecutors will be able to check whether any of its enemies previously [bought] that worthy tome .

Early on , Bar even purchased an original , making a nice contribution to the Coalition for the Homeless .
early on , bar even [bought] an original , making a nice contribution to the coalition for the homeless .

Respectable writers sneered at the tabs for their millions of lumpen readers ; their fabricated or ( worse ) purchased stories ; and their raffish British editors , who behaved more like blackmailers than like scions of the Fourth Estate .
respectable writers sneered at the tabs for their millions of lumpen readers ; their fabricated or ( worse ) [bought] stories ; and their raffish british editors , who behaved more like blackmailers than like scions of the fourth estate .

You probably remember that American Media was purchased in May for $ 300 million by a New York investment firm headed by former Deputy Treasury Secretary Roger Altman , so maybe you are n't surprised by this hubris .
you probably remember that american media was [bought] in may for $ 300 million by a new york investment firm headed by former deputy treasury secretary roger altman , so maybe you are n't surprised by this hubris .

Anyone who began hiking/climbing/skiing/boarding the day before you did is considered an experienced pro ; you and all those who purchased their fleece jackets the day after you did are pathetic wannabes .
anyone who began hiking/climbing/skiing/boarding the day before you did is considered an experienced pro ; you and all those who [bought] their fleece jackets the day after you did are pathetic wannabes .

He recently purchased 387 acres on one of the San Juan Islands that is the site of Camp Nor'Wester , a venerated children 's summer retreat .
he recently [bought] 387 acres on one of the san juan islands that is the site of camp nor'wester , a venerated children 's summer retreat .

In Britain , only the Independent , recently purchased by the Irish CEO of H.J .
in britain , only the independent , recently [bought] by the irish ceo of h.j .

Like a magazine 's putting an article on its Web site for which one-time print rights only had been purchased from a freelance writer ?
like a magazine 's putting an article on its web site for which one-time print rights only had been [bought] from a freelance writer ?

Note : If most people live another fifty years after college and if college costs a total of more than $ 100,000 , then the additional sex achieved by college students over their high school counterparts is purchased at Heidi Fleiss rates : about $ 1,000 per .
note : if most people live another fifty years after college and if college costs a total of more than $ 100,000 , then the additional sex achieved by college students over their high school counterparts is [bought] at heidi fleiss rates : about $ 1,000 per .

One of the first 45s I purchased was Jerry Lee Lewis ' `` Great Balls of Fire . ''
one of the first 45s i [bought] was jerry lee lewis ' `` great balls of fire . ''

My father had purchased a custom hi-fi and I played the 45 so loud and danced all afternoon .
my father had [bought] a custom hi-fi and i played the 45 so loud and danced all afternoon .

Indeed , one boomer Fraygrant -- Sharon Smith -- goes so far as to recall that she owned her very own copy of `` Rock Around the Clock '' ( though she 's a little vague about whether she purchased it when she was 9 or 11 years of age ) :
indeed , one boomer fraygrant -- sharon smith -- goes so far as to recall that she owned her very own copy of `` rock around the clock '' ( though she 's a little vague about whether she [bought] it when she was 9 or 11 years of age ) :

Byron scholars are concerned that the fragile 800-year-old structure ( purchased by the Byron family from Henry VIII in 1540 ) might collapse if the excavation proceeds .
byron scholars are concerned that the fragile 800-year-old structure ( [bought] by the byron family from henry viii in 1540 ) might collapse if the excavation proceeds .

It sounds as though you have purchased your loft , but the nicotine-addicted couple is renting .
it sounds as though you have [bought] your loft , but the nicotine-addicted couple is renting .

The Wall Street Journal front reports that Compaq has purchased Digital Equipment .
the wall street journal front reports that compaq has [bought] digital equipment .

Principal findings : There was twice as much gold seized in this fashion as previously estimated ; it was used to pay -- mostly in transactions handled by the Swiss National Bank -- for a huge share of Nazi war needs purchased from Portugal , Spain , Sweden and Turkey ; and two major German banks , Dresdner Bank and Deutsche Bank , neither previously implicated and both now doing considerable business in the U.S. , had major roles in the transactions .
principal findings : there was twice as much gold seized in this fashion as previously estimated ; it was used to pay -- mostly in transactions handled by the swiss national bank -- for a huge share of nazi war needs [bought] from portugal , spain , sweden and turkey ; and two major german banks , dresdner bank and deutsche bank , neither previously implicated and both now doing considerable business in the u.s. , had major roles in the transactions .

When I was younger , I would occasionally come across books issued by Progress Publishers , Moscow , and I never failed to be puzzled by the poor quality of the photographic illustrations -- even works published in the 1970s featured pasty , smudgy , usually blue-tinted approximations of photos ( the translated works , for that matter , were printed in a roman typeface that looked as if it had been purchased before 1917 from a Western dime-novel concern ) .
when i was younger , i would occasionally come across books issued by progress publishers , moscow , and i never failed to be puzzled by the poor quality of the photographic illustrations -- even works published in the 1970s featured pasty , smudgy , usually blue-tinted approximations of photos ( the translated works , for that matter , were printed in a roman typeface that looked as if it had been [bought] before 1917 from a western dime-novel concern ) .

Stunned by this new revelation , Chatterbox ran to the nearest bookstore and purchased a copy .
stunned by this new revelation , chatterbox ran to the nearest bookstore and [bought] a copy .

Evidence of just how overpaid college coaches are at even `` legitimate '' programs can be garnered from this straight-faced item in the real estate section of Sunday 's LAT : `` UCLA basketball coach Steve Lavin has purchased a newly built custom home in Marina del Rey for close to its $ 1.5 million asking price . ''
evidence of just how overpaid college coaches are at even `` legitimate '' programs can be garnered from this straight-faced item in the real estate section of sunday 's lat : `` ucla basketball coach steve lavin has [bought] a newly built custom home in marina del rey for close to its $ 1.5 million asking price . ''

The scam involved phony storefront medical supply businesses being reimbursed by the state for providing supplies that never were purchased for patients who did n't exist .
the scam involved phony storefront medical supply businesses being reimbursed by the state for providing supplies that never were [bought] for patients who did n't exist .

It 's true that by the 1950s , when MoMA purchased one of Monet 's boldest big panel paintings ( which later burned in storage ) , Monet was no longer viewed as merely a safe painter of pretty suburban sights .
it 's true that by the 1950s , when moma [bought] one of monet 's boldest big panel paintings ( which later burned in storage ) , monet was no longer viewed as merely a safe painter of pretty suburban sights .

These `` breakthrough '' paintings , as Rothko himself called them , with their thick layers of paint laid on with big brushes purchased at a hardware store , give the lie to the critic Clement Greenberg 's influential claim that Rothko `` seems to soak his paint into the canvas to get a dyer 's effect and avoid the connotations of a discrete layer of paint on top of the surface . ''
these `` breakthrough '' paintings , as rothko himself called them , with their thick layers of paint laid on with big brushes [bought] at a hardware store , give the lie to the critic clement greenberg 's influential claim that rothko `` seems to soak his paint into the canvas to get a dyer 's effect and avoid the connotations of a discrete layer of paint on top of the surface . ''

For Degas , who had forsworn self-portraiture for 30 years , this double image has the weight of allegory : The aging and celibate artist has purchased a score of creative years at the price of physical collapse .
for degas , who had forsworn self-portraiture for 30 years , this double image has the weight of allegory : the aging and celibate artist has [bought] a score of creative years at the price of physical collapse .

Before Phil died , she ran two households and birthed four kids , rubbed political shoulders with everyone from FDR to JFK , contributed to Democratic campaigns , worked the back rooms at a slew of national political conventions between 1948 and 1960 , and sat in on negotiations as Phil purchased the Washington Times Herald , television stations , and Newsweek .
before phil died , she ran two households and birthed four kids , rubbed political shoulders with everyone from fdr to jfk , contributed to democratic campaigns , worked the back rooms at a slew of national political conventions between 1948 and 1960 , and sat in on negotiations as phil [bought] the washington times herald , television stations , and newsweek .

Had to laugh at that image you conjured up of Michael Jordan sitting in the Washington Wizards locker room by himself , dressed and ready for practice long before anyone else on his newly purchased team showed up .
had to laugh at that image you conjured up of michael jordan sitting in the washington wizards locker room by himself , dressed and ready for practice long before anyone else on his newly [bought] team showed up .

While deregulation undoubtedly has been a good thing overall , and while super-saver fares are often astonishingly low , the last few years have seen a dramatic rise in the price of tickets purchased without any advance notice ( what they call business fares , since only business travelers can afford them ) .
while deregulation undoubtedly has been a good thing overall , and while super-saver fares are often astonishingly low , the last few years have seen a dramatic rise in the price of tickets [bought] without any advance notice ( what they call business fares , since only business travelers can afford them ) .

In a race at Cannon Mills that same year , billionaire financier David Murdock -- who had purchased the mills from the Cannon family in 1982 -- promised workers that if they supported him by voting against the union , he would support them by keeping the company independent .
in a race at cannon mills that same year , billionaire financier david murdock -- who had [bought] the mills from the cannon family in 1982 -- promised workers that if they supported him by voting against the union , he would support them by keeping the company independent .

In part , what KKR did when it purchased companies in the 1980s was replace those companies ' dividend payments to shareholders with debt payments to creditors .
in part , what kkr did when it [bought] companies in the 1980s was replace those companies ' dividend payments to shareholders with debt payments to creditors .

He recommends that investors leverage their existing capital , so that more than half of their investments are purchased on margin ( that is , loaned to them by their broker ) .
he recommends that investors leverage their existing capital , so that more than half of their investments are [bought] on margin ( that is , loaned to them by their broker ) .

Avis ' first move into corporate fad-dom came in the early 1960s , when it was purchased by ITT .
avis ' first move into corporate fad-dom came in the early 1960s , when it was [bought] by itt .

Then Esmark was purchased by Beatrice , the ultimate consumer company for the 1980s , selling Butterball turkeys , Samsonite luggage , and Tropicana orange juice ( while paying millions of dollars for an ad campaign designed to create brand loyalty around a name , Beatrice , that did not appear on even one of its products ) .
then esmark was [bought] by beatrice , the ultimate consumer company for the 1980s , selling butterball turkeys , samsonite luggage , and tropicana orange juice ( while paying millions of dollars for an ad campaign designed to create brand loyalty around a name , beatrice , that did not appear on even one of its products ) .

A 7 th -grade male student apparently used a gun purchased by his father to open fire on students outside Fort Gibson School just before the start of classes .
a 7 th -grade male student apparently used a gun [bought] by his father to open fire on students outside fort gibson school just before the start of classes .

She also confirmed that she will move to the house in Chappaqua , N.Y. , that she and President Clinton recently purchased ( but did not confirm that he will ) .
she also confirmed that she will move to the house in chappaqua , n.y. , that she and president clinton recently [bought] ( but did not confirm that he will ) .

All items of underwear in my possession were purchased either by me or by my widowed mother .
all items of underwear in my possession were [bought] either by me or by my widowed mother .

Ordering from Amazon is so easy that I often come away from a virtual visit with the exhilarating sense of not having the vaguest idea how many books I 've just purchased .
ordering from amazon is so easy that i often come away from a virtual visit with the exhilarating sense of not having the vaguest idea how many books i 've just [bought] .

The LAT runs a separate story inside reporting that one of Furrow 's weapons was an AR-15 assault rifle , apparently purchased piecemeal and custom-assembled .
the lat runs a separate story inside reporting that one of furrow 's weapons was an ar-15 assault rifle , apparently [bought] piecemeal and custom-assembled .

In Russia , the daily Segodnya said Friday that Russia was generally safe from Y2K because most of its computers had been purchased in the mid-1990s when the problem was already understood by software producers ( `` Thus , the technical backwardness of Russia played to its advantage for the first time '' ) .
in russia , the daily segodnya said friday that russia was generally safe from y2k because most of its computers had been [bought] in the mid-1990s when the problem was already understood by software producers ( `` thus , the technical backwardness of russia played to its advantage for the first time '' ) .

When a Japanese sword he has purchased falls off his wall , he hefts it ; mimes a fight while issuing strangled , samurailike cries ; then has a brainstorm .
when a japanese sword he has [bought] falls off his wall , he hefts it ; mimes a fight while issuing strangled , samurailike cries ; then has a brainstorm .

In the 19 th century it meant Pinkerton 's , which yesterday agreed to be purchased by Sweden 's Securitas AB for $ 384 million .
in the 19 th century it meant pinkerton 's , which yesterday agreed to be [bought] by sweden 's securitas ab for $ 384 million .

Fourth , Barnes & Noble sends you an e-mail message with a Web link that allows you to download what you 've purchased into the `` Rocket Library '' on your PC .
fourth , barnes & noble sends you an e-mail message with a web link that allows you to download what you 've [bought] into the `` rocket library '' on your pc .

I made a scientific decision based on weight and purchased Red Hat Linux Secrets for $ 39.95 , which included Red Hat software 's 5.1 version of Linux on a CD-ROM .
i made a scientific decision based on weight and [bought] red hat linux secrets for $ 39.95 , which included red hat software 's 5.1 version of linux on a cd-rom .

Before we can estimate how much skill insurance your pre-birth self might have purchased , we must first estimate how much risk you were facing when God was handing out the brains .
before we can estimate how much skill insurance your pre-birth self might have [bought] , we must first estimate how much risk you were facing when god was handing out the brains .

If food and medical care tripled in cost , people would of necessity spend less on other things to pay for the increase or cut down on the food and medical care they purchased .
if food and medical care tripled in cost , people would of necessity spend less on other things to pay for the increase or cut down on the food and medical care they [bought] .

In 1995 , Business Week ran a story about two authors who purchased 10,000 copies of their own book , The Discipline of Market Leaders , and got their corporate clients to buy 30,000 to 40,000 more , in a successful plot to get onto the New York Times list .
in 1995 , business week ran a story about two authors who [bought] 10,000 copies of their own book , the discipline of market leaders , and got their corporate clients to buy 30,000 to 40,000 more , in a successful plot to get onto the new york times list .

Because baseball is an entertainment industry , media conglomerates have purchased teams , potentially complicating future TV-rights negotiations .
because baseball is an entertainment industry , media conglomerates have [bought] teams , potentially complicating future tv-rights negotiations .

Westinghouse purchased both CBS and radio rival Infinity Broadcasting .
westinghouse [bought] both cbs and radio rival infinity broadcasting .

U.k. giant British Telecom purchased MCI .
u.k. giant british telecom [bought] mci .

Others argue that it was a mistake for the Jewish National Fund to prohibit non-Jewish laborers from the newly purchased lands .
others argue that it was a mistake for the jewish national fund to prohibit non-jewish laborers from the newly [bought] lands .

About the Vogue editor who has furnished her summer house from items purchased for fashion shoots -- beautiful furniture , designer pillows , coffee-table books .
about the vogue editor who has furnished her summer house from items [bought] for fashion shoots -- beautiful furniture , designer pillows , coffee-table books .

Davis aide Adam Goldberg booked the room , purchased appetizers , and conjured the crowd .
davis aide adam goldberg booked the room , [bought] appetizers , and conjured the crowd .

Napoleon 's penis -- lopped off during his autopsy -- was purchased a few years ago by a New York urologist .
napoleon 's penis -- lopped off during his autopsy -- was [bought] a few years ago by a new york urologist .

Then came the news that Mike Piazza , the Los Angeles ' Dodgers star catcher , had been shipped off to the Florida Marlins -- the first major move for the Dodgers since the baseball team was purchased by Rupert Murdoch 's Fox .
then came the news that mike piazza , the los angeles ' dodgers star catcher , had been shipped off to the florida marlins -- the first major move for the dodgers since the baseball team was [bought] by rupert murdoch 's fox .

Says the Times , she and her lawyers purchased her first-class seat .
says the times , she and her lawyers [bought] her first-class seat .

The WP lead is a story nobody else fronts : A small New Hampshire fraud-prevention database company recently discovered to have purchased more than 22 million driver license pictures from the state governments of South Carolina , Florida and Colorado has been quietly supported in its efforts by nearly $ 1.5 million in federal funds and technical assistance from the Secret Service .
the wp lead is a story nobody else fronts : a small new hampshire fraud-prevention database company recently discovered to have [bought] more than 22 million driver license pictures from the state governments of south carolina , florida and colorado has been quietly supported in its efforts by nearly $ 1.5 million in federal funds and technical assistance from the secret service .

The ( mostly non-Russian ) institutions that had purchased the country 's debt now find themselves , says the NYT , holding only 10 percent of the value they had last week .
the ( mostly non-russian ) institutions that had [bought] the country 's debt now find themselves , says the nyt , holding only 10 percent of the value they had last week .

The NYT lead says that U.S. officials are certain Iran successfully conducted a firing of that medium-range missile , purchased from North Korea .
the nyt lead says that u.s. officials are certain iran successfully conducted a firing of that medium-range missile , [bought] from north korea .

I recently purchased a new computer , and , because it operated on a system different from the one of my old computer , I asked a few friends to recommend a word-processing package that I might find useful .
i recently [bought] a new computer , and , because it operated on a system different from the one of my old computer , i asked a few friends to recommend a word-processing package that i might find useful .

The reason for this was simple enough : Miller Brewing Co. owned the trademark Lite , which it had purchased from Meister Brau Inc. in 1972 .
the reason for this was simple enough : miller brewing co. owned the trademark lite , which it had [bought] from meister brau inc. in 1972 .

I recently purchased a new computer , and , because it operated on a system different from the one of my old computer , I asked a few friends to recommend a word-processing package that I might.find useful .
i recently [bought] a new computer , and , because it operated on a system different from the one of my old computer , i asked a few friends to recommend a word-processing package that i might.find useful .

