Maris purchases $100 suits from Simpson's in New York .
maris [buys] $100 suits from simpson's in new york .

Makes necessary purchases , places contracts , supervises construction , installation , finishing and placement of furniture , fixtures and other correlated furnishings , and follows through to completion of project '' .
makes necessary [buys] , places contracts , supervises construction , installation , finishing and placement of furniture , fixtures and other correlated furnishings , and follows through to completion of project '' .

Again , by spreading one's purchases over several wine dealers , one becomes familiar with the names and specialties of reputable wine dealers and shippers abroad .
again , by spreading one's [buys] over several wine dealers , one becomes familiar with the names and specialties of reputable wine dealers and shippers abroad .

Purchase of state vehicles is handled similarly to all state purchases .
purchase of state vehicles is handled similarly to all state [buys] .

Unit prices to the state are considerably lower than to the general public because of quantity purchases and no payment of state sales or federal excise taxes .
unit prices to the state are considerably lower than to the general public because of quantity [buys] and no payment of state sales or federal excise taxes .

The state purchases and assigns grades of cars according to need and position status of driver and use of vehicle .
the state [buys] and assigns grades of cars according to need and position status of driver and use of vehicle .

The purchase of state-owned vehicles is handled in the same manner as all other purchases of the state .
the purchase of state-owned vehicles is handled in the same manner as all other [buys] of the state .

Bids are evaluated by the Division of Purchases with the assistance of pool staff , and awards for the purchase of the automobiles are made to the lowest responsible bidders .
bids are evaluated by the division of [buys] with the assistance of pool staff , and awards for the purchase of the automobiles are made to the lowest responsible bidders .

It enables towns to make more economical purchases and to take advantage of cash discounts .
it enables towns to make more economical [buys] and to take advantage of cash discounts .

The Fisher Body division , long controlled by the Fisher brothers under a voting trust even though General Motors owned a majority of its stock , followed an independent course for many years , but by 1947 and 1948 `` resistance had collapsed '' and its purchases from Du Pont `` compared favorably '' with purchases by other General Motors divisions .
the fisher body division , long controlled by the fisher brothers under a voting trust even though general motors owned a majority of its stock , followed an independent course for many years , but by 1947 and 1948 `` resistance had collapsed '' and its [buys] from du pont `` compared favorably '' with [buys] by other general motors divisions .

The two Governments agree that they will take reasonable precautions to assure that all sales or purchases of surplus agricultural commodities , pursuant to the Agreement will not displace usual marketings of the United States of America in these commodities , or unduly disrupt world prices of agricultural commodities or normal patterns of commercial trade with friendly countries .
the two governments agree that they will take reasonable precautions to assure that all sales or [buys] of surplus agricultural commodities , pursuant to the agreement will not displace usual marketings of the united states of america in these commodities , or unduly disrupt world prices of agricultural commodities or normal patterns of commercial trade with friendly countries .

Demand for parts for home entertainment was strong in the first half , but purchases were cut back to lower levels during the fall as set manufacturers reduced their own operating rates .
demand for parts for home entertainment was strong in the first half , but [buys] were cut back to lower levels during the fall as set manufacturers reduced their own operating rates .

Figures reporting the volume of odd-lot purchases and odd-lot sales are released by the stock exchange and carried in the newspapers .
figures reporting the volume of odd-lot [buys] and odd-lot sales are released by the stock exchange and carried in the newspapers .

They might , for example , plot it exactly as is , or they might make ten day moving averages of it , or longer moving averages , or they might simply plot the ratio of odd-lot purchases to odd-lot sales .
they might , for example , plot it exactly as is , or they might make ten day moving averages of it , or longer moving averages , or they might simply plot the ratio of odd-lot [buys] to odd-lot sales .

The principle of `` bills only '' , or `` bills preferably '' , seems so strongly accepted by the Federal Reserve that it is difficult to envision conditions which would persuade the authorities to depart radically from it by extending their open market purchases regularly into long-term Government securities .
the principle of `` bills only '' , or `` bills preferably '' , seems so strongly accepted by the federal reserve that it is difficult to envision conditions which would persuade the authorities to depart radically from it by extending their open market [buys] regularly into long-term government securities .

There are plants to inspire every shade of green-fingered … from begonias to venus fly traps … With all this choice , was the Duke planning any purchases
there are plants to inspire every shade of green-fingered … from begonias to venus fly traps … with all this choice , was the duke planning any [buys]

He would ‘ responsibly reduce ’ the defence budget by cutting new weapons purchases and troop levels .
he would ‘ responsibly reduce ’ the defence budget by cutting new weapons [buys] and troop levels .

Women , wholly respectable women , lining the streets selling a bizarre array of consumer purchases from single skirts , to bottles of perfume and packets of sweets .
women , wholly respectable women , lining the streets selling a bizarre array of consumer [buys] from single skirts , to bottles of perfume and packets of sweets .

The fastest climbing shares during the month were the troubled Brent Walker Group and Guinness which a year ago were not even in the top 30 small shareholder purchases .
the fastest climbing shares during the month were the troubled brent walker group and guinness which a year ago were not even in the top 30 small shareholder [buys] .

Much closer liaison now exists with the other fiscal authorities within the community and a system of audit based controls will enable the sales values provided on these listings to be compared with declared purchases in other member states and vice versa .
much closer liaison now exists with the other fiscal authorities within the community and a system of audit based controls will enable the sales values provided on these listings to be compared with declared [buys] in other member states and vice versa .

While this may be suitable for certain types of business customer and private individuals transferring money into other bank accounts or investments , it is clearly unsuited to small purchases .
while this may be suitable for certain types of business customer and private individuals transferring money into other bank accounts or investments , it is clearly unsuited to small [buys] .

However , when the account is used in conjunction with a credit card — which has an annual fee of £25 — the investor can use the card for purchases and the cheque facility to pay off the card account at the end of each month .
however , when the account is used in conjunction with a credit card — which has an annual fee of £25 — the investor can use the card for [buys] and the cheque facility to pay off the card account at the end of each month .

Fiona Gately , marketing manager with Food from Britain , urged producers not to ignore the catering market , which is worth £7 billion a year in food purchases .
fiona gately , marketing manager with food from britain , urged producers not to ignore the catering market , which is worth £7 billion a year in food [buys] .

In the meantime , the decision to allow purchases of gilts by banks and building societies to count as part of the funding programme will ease the monetary squeeze for the time being .
in the meantime , the decision to allow [buys] of gilts by banks and building societies to count as part of the funding programme will ease the monetary squeeze for the time being .

The increases were widely expected after the abolition of tax on new car purchases in last year 's Autumn Statement but were nonetheless condemned by the Automobile Association and the Royal Automobile Club .
the increases were widely expected after the abolition of tax on new car [buys] in last year 's autumn statement but were nonetheless condemned by the automobile association and the royal automobile club .

Under a new scheme announced by Mr Lamont , registered owners will be entitled to reclaim value added tax on yearling purchases in this country .
under a new scheme announced by mr lamont , registered owners will be entitled to reclaim value added tax on yearling [buys] in this country .

Last night , he told colleagues at a meeting of the economic and domestic policy sub-committee that he remained locked in a game of brinkmanship with the electricity generating firms who are reluctant to sign firm contracts on coal purchases until after seeing the white paper .
last night , he told colleagues at a meeting of the economic and domestic policy sub-committee that he remained locked in a game of brinkmanship with the electricity generating firms who are reluctant to sign firm contracts on coal [buys] until after seeing the white paper .

Ministers were confident that a legally binding agreement would be secured before publication of the details , although firm contracts on coal purchases which will underwrite the reprieved pits are unlikely to have been signed .
ministers were confident that a legally binding agreement would be secured before publication of the details , although firm contracts on coal [buys] which will underwrite the reprieved pits are unlikely to have been signed .

Including that holding , Owners was last night claiming the support of holders of more than 25 per cent of its shares , while Airtours , despite purchases in the market and the assent of what is thought to be Mercury Asset Management 's 15 per cent stake , claimed control of just 22.8 per cent .
including that holding , owners was last night claiming the support of holders of more than 25 per cent of its shares , while airtours , despite [buys] in the market and the assent of what is thought to be mercury asset management 's 15 per cent stake , claimed control of just 22.8 per cent .

By stimulating repeat business , encouraging higher-value purchases and more frequent visits , Findlay Clark increased sales by 7 per cent during a severe retail slump .
by stimulating repeat business , encouraging higher-value [buys] and more frequent visits , findlay clark increased sales by 7 per cent during a severe retail slump .

The group has started to buy land again , and some of the recent purchases have , for the first time in four years , achieved margins above what had been estimated at the time they were bought .
the group has started to buy land again , and some of the recent [buys] have , for the first time in four years , achieved margins above what had been estimated at the time they were bought .

Sir Lawrie said the August reintroduction of stamp duty on house purchases depressed the market for three months .
sir lawrie said the august reintroduction of stamp duty on house [buys] depressed the market for three months .

The Carsch Haus department store is as clinical as the streets outside are spotless , although the champagne bar adjoining the cosmetics department is an intriguing if dangerously habit-forming innovation . Sip ice-cold Moet while you deliberate fragrance purchases from Germany 's leading designer names represented on the Lancaster counter … Will it be Jil Sander or Wolfgang Joop ?
the carsch haus department store is as clinical as the streets outside are spotless , although the champagne bar adjoining the cosmetics department is an intriguing if dangerously habit-forming innovation . sip ice-cold moet while you deliberate fragrance [buys] from germany 's leading designer names represented on the lancaster counter … will it be jil sander or wolfgang joop ?

We contented ourselves with a few small purchases , but will probably go there for some more serious shopping before the end of our stay in Peking , as it is obviously the best place in the country for buying touristy things .
we contented ourselves with a few small [buys] , but will probably go there for some more serious shopping before the end of our stay in peking , as it is obviously the best place in the country for buying touristy things .

Suppose we wish to compare someone 's purchases of first- and second-class postage stamps in 1981 ( current ) with the corresponding figures for 1976 ( base ) .
suppose we wish to compare someone 's [buys] of first- and second-class postage stamps in 1981 ( current ) with the corresponding figures for 1976 ( base ) .

It may be thought disturbing that the two methods give different answers ; however , the real argument against both is clearer when they are applied in a situation where the purchases are of different commodities , e.g .
it may be thought disturbing that the two methods give different answers ; however , the real argument against both is clearer when they are applied in a situation where the [buys] are of different commodities , e.g .

This is an exceptional facility and most shortages are relieved by outright purchases by the Bank , against same-day settlement .
this is an exceptional facility and most shortages are relieved by outright [buys] by the bank , against same-day settlement .

Usually , no distinction is made between types of bill , but occasionally the Bank does so . Purchases may also be confined to certain maturity bands as below :
usually , no distinction is made between types of bill , but occasionally the bank does so . [buys] may also be confined to certain maturity bands as below :

Often in money market reports as published in the Financial Times trade bills or commercial bills will be referred to in relation to purchases by the Bank of England .
often in money market reports as published in the financial times trade bills or commercial bills will be referred to in relation to [buys] by the bank of england .

Now the price has fallen and future purchases by discount houses will be at the new , lower rate .
now the price has fallen and future [buys] by discount houses will be at the new , lower rate .

‘ If we could finalise the purchases , we would take the houses out straight away . ’
‘ if we could finalise the [buys] , we would take the houses out straight away . ’

‘ After one month a random survey will be carried out involving test purchases .
‘ after one month a random survey will be carried out involving test [buys] .

Bidders seemed pleased with their purchases .
bidders seemed pleased with their [buys] .

Stewarts and Crazy Prices supermarkets are cashing in on the schooltime purchases with a bigger than ever range of bags and stationery .
stewarts and crazy prices supermarkets are cashing in on the schooltime [buys] with a bigger than ever range of bags and stationery .

Today 's street cred student will have a shopping list of pre-term purchases sure to shrink any parent 's bank balance .
today 's street cred student will have a shopping list of pre-term [buys] sure to shrink any parent 's bank balance .

From next March shops will be able to charge more for credit card purchases than cash transactions .
from next march shops will be able to charge more for credit card [buys] than cash transactions .

We want more choice and better prices from them , and the second says the shops can now decide whether to charge the same amount for credit card and cash purchases , or whether to charge differentially .
we want more choice and better prices from them , and the second says the shops can now decide whether to charge the same amount for credit card and cash [buys] , or whether to charge differentially .

They would have lists of all the people that had bought books from them or might have bought books from them in the past , categorized by where they live , the age of the person , the sex , the special interests , the past purchases , and then they would send out special books erm special letters , if they had a new doggie book coming out they might select all the ladies over fifty-five who had bought doggie books in the past .
they would have lists of all the people that had bought books from them or might have bought books from them in the past , categorized by where they live , the age of the person , the sex , the special interests , the past [buys] , and then they would send out special books erm special letters , if they had a new doggie book coming out they might select all the ladies over fifty-five who had bought doggie books in the past .

Of the recent English titles issued , most ( 94 % ) had been acquired by copyright deposit , but although the proportion of English titles which had been purchased was small ( 4 % ) , in numerical terms they were three times as numerous as non-English purchases .
of the recent english titles issued , most ( 94 % ) had been acquired by copyright deposit , but although the proportion of english titles which had been purchased was small ( 4 % ) , in numerical terms they were three times as numerous as non-english [buys] .

Figure 12 , below , shows that of the post-1976 items issued , whose method of acquisition was know , 93% had come to the Library under copyright deposit legislation , with purchases and donations making up only 6% and 2 % of the total .
figure 12 , below , shows that of the post-1976 items issued , whose method of acquisition was know , 93% had come to the library under copyright deposit legislation , with [buys] and donations making up only 6% and 2 % of the total .

On the other hand , it is worth noting that although the proportion of English-language material which had been obtained by purchase was small ( 4 % , as opposed to 93 % in the case of foreign-language material ) , because the number of items involved was substantially higher , in numerical terms these items — many of them probably North American publications — outnumbered non-English-language purchases by a factor of three to one .
on the other hand , it is worth noting that although the proportion of english-language material which had been obtained by purchase was small ( 4 % , as opposed to 93 % in the case of foreign-language material ) , because the number of items involved was substantially higher , in numerical terms these items — many of them probably north american publications — outnumbered non-english-language [buys] by a factor of three to one .

Welsh Office grants received during the year totalled £5.7m of which £1.3m was for capital projects and £500,000 used for purchases .
welsh office grants received during the year totalled £5.7m of which £1.3m was for capital projects and £500,000 used for [buys] .

Buyers brought forward purchases in August to beat the deadline on stamp duty , creating a vacuum in the following month .
buyers brought forward [buys] in august to beat the deadline on stamp duty , creating a vacuum in the following month .

Customers in search of lounge furniture need not restrict their purchases to the conventional combination of settee and two armchairs .
customers in search of lounge furniture need not restrict their [buys] to the conventional combination of settee and two armchairs .

The food seller is willing to accept money in the knowledge that he in turn can use it in his purchases .
the food seller is willing to accept money in the knowledge that he in turn can use it in his [buys] .

In order to avoid large cash payments to the public on a particular date , the Bank purchases government securities before they mature .
in order to avoid large cash payments to the public on a particular date , the bank [buys] government securities before they mature .

This refers to sales and purchases of government securities on the open market by the Bank of England .
this refers to sales and [buys] of government securities on the open market by the bank of england .

In this situation , bonds will appear less attractive and potential buyers will postpone intended purchases and bond-holders themselves will attempt to sell bonds before the fall in bond prices .
in this situation , bonds will appear less attractive and potential buyers will postpone intended [buys] and bond-holders themselves will attempt to sell bonds before the fall in bond prices .

the encouragement of repeat purchases ;
the encouragement of repeat [buys] ;

There are consequently few potential purchasers , each making high-value purchases .
there are consequently few potential purchasers , each making high-value [buys] .

surplus arising out of the operation to be distributed to members in proportion to their purchases ; this was originally distributed through dividends , later it was paid through trading stamps but is now being increasingly abandoned in favour of lower prices ;
surplus arising out of the operation to be distributed to members in proportion to their [buys] ; this was originally distributed through dividends , later it was paid through trading stamps but is now being increasingly abandoned in favour of lower prices ;

Define the value of potential purchases . Is the exhibition effort to be aimed at potentially small or large users ?
define the value of potential [buys] . is the exhibition effort to be aimed at potentially small or large users ?

Although the distributor actually purchases goods from the manufacturer to resell on his own account , he is much more than just another customer .
although the distributor actually [buys] goods from the manufacturer to resell on his own account , he is much more than just another customer .

In addition there 'll be visiting guest artists , technical clinics , ‘ open hour ’ counselling and a special discount scheme for purchases at the Guitar Shop .
in addition there 'll be visiting guest artists , technical clinics , ‘ open hour ’ counselling and a special discount scheme for [buys] at the guitar shop .

Ideally you should float your purchases in the bucket and gradually mix the water as you would for any newly-stocked fish .
ideally you should float your [buys] in the bucket and gradually mix the water as you would for any newly-stocked fish .

Leave your purchases for a couple of hours and Deborah will gift wrap them free of charge .
leave your [buys] for a couple of hours and deborah will gift wrap them free of charge .

Her methods of acquisition ranged from chance discoveries and bargain purchases in shops to point-blank admiration of other people 's possessions , which found some owners parting with their treasures as gifts , while others hid their bibelots when it was known that a visit from the Queen was imminent .
her methods of acquisition ranged from chance discoveries and bargain [buys] in shops to point-blank admiration of other people 's possessions , which found some owners parting with their treasures as gifts , while others hid their bibelots when it was known that a visit from the queen was imminent .

He watched one of last year 's American purchases Celestial Key storm home at his local Pontefract track yesterday and his trips have paid off many times in the past .
he watched one of last year 's american [buys] celestial key storm home at his local pontefract track yesterday and his trips have paid off many times in the past .

Abortive purchases
abortive [buys]

Some firms make special provision for abortive house purchases .
some firms make special provision for abortive house [buys] .

Some organisations have company housing which may be used by employees who are transferred to the new area but have yet to complete their house purchases there .
some organisations have company housing which may be used by employees who are transferred to the new area but have yet to complete their house [buys] there .

Employees moving from rented homes have to discuss their list of intended purchases and prices with the personnel manager before buying them .
employees moving from rented homes have to discuss their list of intended [buys] and prices with the personnel manager before buying them .

These payments are tax-free provided that they cover such ‘ essential purchases ’ as : new carpets and curtains when essential ; light fittings , new cooking or heating appliances where there has been a change of power ; and redecoration costs .
these payments are tax-free provided that they cover such ‘ essential [buys] ’ as : new carpets and curtains when essential ; light fittings , new cooking or heating appliances where there has been a change of power ; and redecoration costs .

She purchases three tins of dog food at 46p each and a box of Miaow Krunchies at 96p .
she [buys] three tins of dog food at 46p each and a box of miaow krunchies at 96p .

Furthermore , after the Allied victory in 1918 , Germany and the former Austro-Hungarian Empire were bankrupt and unable to make any significant purchases for a long time .
furthermore , after the allied victory in 1918 , germany and the former austro-hungarian empire were bankrupt and unable to make any significant [buys] for a long time .

According to Durex , whose condoms account for 80 % of the British market , purchases made by women have risen steadily over the past 10 years .
according to durex , whose condoms account for 80 % of the british market , [buys] made by women have risen steadily over the past 10 years .

At least 40 % of purchases are currently made by women .
at least 40 % of [buys] are currently made by women .

This allows you to conveniently plan your purchases and gives you time to paint the models and try them out on the tabletop before deciding what to add next .
this allows you to conveniently plan your [buys] and gives you time to paint the models and try them out on the tabletop before deciding what to add next .

Under the scheme , International Software purchases software for a particular company , negotiates and manages licence agreements with software vendors , then maintains , distributes , and installs the programs as required .
under the scheme , international software [buys] software for a particular company , negotiates and manages licence agreements with software vendors , then maintains , distributes , and installs the programs as required .

‘ No chance of checking outright purchases ? ’ asked Quinn .
‘ no chance of checking outright [buys] ? ’ asked quinn .

He made a number of further purchases at a confectioner 's , a hardware shop and a luggage emporium .
he made a number of further [buys] at a confectioner 's , a hardware shop and a luggage emporium .

He watched television for a while , then emptied his hand-grip and worked for two hours on his purchases of that afternoon .
he watched television for a while , then emptied his hand-grip and worked for two hours on his [buys] of that afternoon .

In previous years a number of our clients bought extra suitcases to carry their holiday purchases home !
in previous years a number of our clients bought extra suitcases to carry their holiday [buys] home !

Buyers of cheaper widgets now have money for other purchases .
buyers of cheaper widgets now have money for other [buys] .

The 11th ‘ Accent on Design ’ October Seminar will take place on 11th and 12th , with interesting speakers , informative master classes , a fashion show and an extensive exhibition with the opportunity to purchases from the smallest button to the latest machine , accessory or publication .
the 11th ‘ accent on design ’ october seminar will take place on 11th and 12th , with interesting speakers , informative master classes , a fashion show and an extensive exhibition with the opportunity to [buys] from the smallest button to the latest machine , accessory or publication .

Share options are more attractive than outright share purchases because there is no risk of a loss being made by the employee taking up the option if share prices fall .
share options are more attractive than outright share [buys] because there is no risk of a loss being made by the employee taking up the option if share prices fall .

He was acting as courier for some of his family 's purchases earlier in the year .
he was acting as courier for some of his family 's [buys] earlier in the year .

Returning , they piled their purchases against the wall of the family majlis ‘ for the evening ’ .
returning , they piled their [buys] against the wall of the family majlis ‘ for the evening ’ .

Tom Harvey prepares a cost and sales report weekly : This simply shows total sales ( based on the waiters ' checks , which have been checked against cash receipts and any credit bills ) and cost of food sold ( based on an analysed kitchen day book which records opening stocks , purchases and closing stocks ) .
tom harvey prepares a cost and sales report weekly : this simply shows total sales ( based on the waiters ' checks , which have been checked against cash receipts and any credit bills ) and cost of food sold ( based on an analysed kitchen day book which records opening stocks , [buys] and closing stocks ) .

Several more ladies looked round sharply at the tea table , as Mrs Frizzell tried to snatch her purchases back .
several more ladies looked round sharply at the tea table , as mrs frizzell tried to snatch her [buys] back .

Sun is so flush with cash that it plans to buy in up to 7.5m of its own shares , 7.5% ; the purchases will be funded from available working capital and the shares will be held in treasury or used for ongoing stock issues for its employee share ownership plans .
sun is so flush with cash that it plans to buy in up to 7.5m of its own shares , 7.5% ; the [buys] will be funded from available working capital and the shares will be held in treasury or used for ongoing stock issues for its employee share ownership plans .

This allows you to conveniently plan your purchases and gives you time to paint the models and try them out on the tabletop before deciding what to add next .
this allows you to conveniently plan your [buys] and gives you time to paint the models and try them out on the tabletop before deciding what to add next .

This allows you to conveniently plan your purchases and gives you time to paint the models and try them out on the tabletop before deciding what to add next .
this allows you to conveniently plan your [buys] and gives you time to paint the models and try them out on the tabletop before deciding what to add next .

Although you may normally take the view that there is never a best time for spending money , retirement planning is different in that sooner or later you will need , or want , to make certain purchases — or pay off outstanding commitments , such as a mortgage . Most people 's basic list — at least to think about — under this heading includes one or more of the following :
although you may normally take the view that there is never a best time for spending money , retirement planning is different in that sooner or later you will need , or want , to make certain [buys] — or pay off outstanding commitments , such as a mortgage . most people 's basic list — at least to think about — under this heading includes one or more of the following :

British purchases of European manufactures and other products were paid for with cash , with British manufactures , and with overseas produce .
british [buys] of european manufactures and other products were paid for with cash , with british manufactures , and with overseas produce .

If as in pluralistic societies , individual enterprises were free to scan the market place themselves , they might duplicate purchases but , in the aggregate , would also spot more opportunities than would a relatively small number of foreign trade officials .
if as in pluralistic societies , individual enterprises were free to scan the market place themselves , they might duplicate [buys] but , in the aggregate , would also spot more opportunities than would a relatively small number of foreign trade officials .

These results may testify to the attributes of the equipment acquired and the proficiency of foreign trade organisations in tailoring purchases to real needs . They would also confirm that the integration of this equipment into Soviet industry receives considerable attention :
these results may testify to the attributes of the equipment acquired and the proficiency of foreign trade organisations in tailoring [buys] to real needs . they would also confirm that the integration of this equipment into soviet industry receives considerable attention :

Members are given a discount card which entitles them to 10 % of all yarn and haberdashery purchases from the shop and they also have the opportunity to sell their garments through the shop on a commission basis .
members are given a discount card which entitles them to 10 % of all yarn and haberdashery [buys] from the shop and they also have the opportunity to sell their garments through the shop on a commission basis .

‘ Well over one third of those questioned in our survey said that they waited for the sales to make major purchases .
‘ well over one third of those questioned in our survey said that they waited for the sales to make major [buys] .

This makes all those necessary little extras of a winter holiday — ski and boot hire , equipment purchases , lunches and drinks — very expensive .
this makes all those necessary little extras of a winter holiday — ski and boot hire , equipment [buys] , lunches and drinks — very expensive .

It 's easy to combine sightseeing with shopping and you wo n't be able to resist some last-minute Christmas bargains as there is no sales tax to pay on purchases under £120 .
it 's easy to combine sightseeing with shopping and you wo n't be able to resist some last-minute christmas bargains as there is no sales tax to pay on [buys] under £120 .

If you do n't settle in full , you pay interest on all purchases from the day the transaction reached the company .
if you do n't settle in full , you pay interest on all [buys] from the day the transaction reached the company .

The original rate of interest 10.34 % gross ( 7.75 % net ) was reduced to 9.67 % gross ( 7.25 % net ) for purchases from noon on 21 July 1992 .
the original rate of interest 10.34 % gross ( 7.75 % net ) was reduced to 9.67 % gross ( 7.25 % net ) for [buys] from noon on 21 july 1992 .

The temporary increase in the stamp duty threshold for purchases of land and property other than shares from £30,000 to £250,000 expired on 19 August .
the temporary increase in the stamp duty threshold for [buys] of land and property other than shares from £30,000 to £250,000 expired on 19 august .

She scours flea markets and will either repair her purchases or leave them , depending on the extent of the damage .
she scours flea markets and will either repair her [buys] or leave them , depending on the extent of the damage .

Four were modest purchases all of less than £500,000 .
four were modest [buys] all of less than £500,000 .

Facilities are also available to generate consignor , consignee , product sales , country sales and country purchases reports .
facilities are also available to generate consignor , consignee , product sales , country sales and country [buys] reports .

‘ We look to the league season to provide a stable basis of earnings with cup income and sales and purchases of player registrations being more volatile .
‘ we look to the league season to provide a stable basis of earnings with cup income and sales and [buys] of player registrations being more volatile .

Between 26 October 1977 and 31 January 1978 the taxpayer company had entered into certain transactions described as ‘ purchases of stock ’ .
between 26 october 1977 and 31 january 1978 the taxpayer company had entered into certain transactions described as ‘ [buys] of stock ’ .

The company denied that it had ceased trading on 25 October , and the accounts included purchases , unrelated to the Meadowbank development , which substantially exceeded the value of stock in the period 's balance sheet .
the company denied that it had ceased trading on 25 october , and the accounts included [buys] , unrelated to the meadowbank development , which substantially exceeded the value of stock in the period 's balance sheet .

‘ Holidays are now becoming essential purchases and in 1992 summer bookings were 12 per cent up on last year .
‘ holidays are now becoming essential [buys] and in 1992 summer bookings were 12 per cent up on last year .

‘ There are bound to be critics but people clearly want to make these purchases , so we are meeting a consumer need , ’ said manager Eric Sortwell .
‘ there are bound to be critics but people clearly want to make these [buys] , so we are meeting a consumer need , ’ said manager eric sortwell .

It 's not like baked beans , and so the sharing of risk on purchases is more sensible and realistic .
it 's not like baked beans , and so the sharing of risk on [buys] is more sensible and realistic .

Even with a collection of travellers cheques , Eurocheques and cash , one of the best ways to settle bills when abroad is with a debit or credit card , with a distinct advantage if you use the credit card : up to 56 days free credit if you time your purchases efficiently .
even with a collection of travellers cheques , eurocheques and cash , one of the best ways to settle bills when abroad is with a debit or credit card , with a distinct advantage if you use the credit card : up to 56 days free credit if you time your [buys] efficiently .

Moreover , for purchases and bills in general , cards tend to work out cheaper than the cash alternative , as the card issuers tot up all the day 's transactions and exchange the total at a favourable exchange rate , usually around 2% to 3% better than the one available to the public .
moreover , for [buys] and bills in general , cards tend to work out cheaper than the cash alternative , as the card issuers tot up all the day 's transactions and exchange the total at a favourable exchange rate , usually around 2% to 3% better than the one available to the public .

As with credit cards there is usually a 1.5 % fee for obtaining cash , but no fee is added for purchases .
as with credit cards there is usually a 1.5 % fee for obtaining cash , but no fee is added for [buys] .

Caparo alleged that its share purchases made after Fidelity had sent its accounts to shareholders were based on those accounts .
caparo alleged that its share [buys] made after fidelity had sent its accounts to shareholders were based on those accounts .

It is likely that such evidence would show up ethnic and cultural variations ; for example , Anwar reports that it is common for migrants from Pakistan to borrow money from kin for major purchases such as a house or a business , but there is a strong obligation to return this loan fully and quickly ( Anwar , 1985 , p. 72 ) .
it is likely that such evidence would show up ethnic and cultural variations ; for example , anwar reports that it is common for migrants from pakistan to borrow money from kin for major [buys] such as a house or a business , but there is a strong obligation to return this loan fully and quickly ( anwar , 1985 , p. 72 ) .

Health departments had achieved a clearer separation of purchases and provider functions , and much more effective methods of needs assessment at the district-wide level .
health departments had achieved a clearer separation of [buys] and provider functions , and much more effective methods of needs assessment at the district-wide level .

But by announcing the first tranche of purchases , it has now signalled its intention to press ahead , rekindling the fury of the country 's 4,300 mostly white commercial farmers .
but by announcing the first tranche of [buys] , it has now signalled its intention to press ahead , rekindling the fury of the country 's 4,300 mostly white commercial farmers .

Laden as she was with her day 's purchases , Jude chose to walk back to Marlin 's apartment at Park Avenue and 80th .
laden as she was with her day 's [buys] , jude chose to walk back to marlin 's apartment at park avenue and 80th .

She 'd bent down to pick up the purchases at her feet , and as she rose again she 'd caught sight of a face she knew , looking straight at her through the moving mesh of people .
she 'd bent down to pick up the [buys] at her feet , and as she rose again she 'd caught sight of a face she knew , looking straight at her through the moving mesh of people .

‘ Marlin , sometimes you 're sublime , ’ she said , dumping her purchases and racing to change .
‘ marlin , sometimes you 're sublime , ’ she said , dumping her [buys] and racing to change .

In the 1930s , circulation wars pushed the figures far higher , aided by a big increase in daily paper purchases among the working class .
in the 1930s , circulation wars pushed the figures far higher , aided by a big increase in daily paper [buys] among the working class .

Despite the vote in favour of more free-market reform in the referendum , Mr Chernomyrdin continues to say things like , ‘ If we do n't set up barriers to technology purchases from abroad , we will never survive .
despite the vote in favour of more free-market reform in the referendum , mr chernomyrdin continues to say things like , ‘ if we do n't set up barriers to technology [buys] from abroad , we will never survive .

The Buccleuch Leonardo , the Halifax Titian plus two fine Danish purchases
the buccleuch leonardo , the halifax titian plus two fine danish [buys]

With a passionate love of the visual arts , an intelligent partner to guide her purchases , and a large income to spend on pretty much any picture she fancied , Queen Victoria ought to have been one of the most distinguished of all royal collectors .
with a passionate love of the visual arts , an intelligent partner to guide her [buys] , and a large income to spend on pretty much any picture she fancied , queen victoria ought to have been one of the most distinguished of all royal collectors .

Such stories as these must have been common in all religious communities , but the constant recurrence of these themes in Eadmer 's recollections leaves the impression that his thoughts , and those of the monks with whom he had lived since his infancy , were centred almost exclusively on their relics , and on the stories of the gifts , purchases , translations , and miracles associated with them .
such stories as these must have been common in all religious communities , but the constant recurrence of these themes in eadmer 's recollections leaves the impression that his thoughts , and those of the monks with whom he had lived since his infancy , were centred almost exclusively on their relics , and on the stories of the gifts , [buys] , translations , and miracles associated with them .

While it might seem very odd that a museum which is home to such Rembrandt masterpieces as the ‘ Jewish bride ’ , the ‘ Academy lesson of Dr Deyman ’ , the ‘ Night watch ’ and the ‘ Self-portrait as the Apostle Paul ’ , would allocate the funds for a much less impressive work , the Rijksmuseum has long made Rembrandt purchases a priority .
while it might seem very odd that a museum which is home to such rembrandt masterpieces as the ‘ jewish bride ’ , the ‘ academy lesson of dr deyman ’ , the ‘ night watch ’ and the ‘ self-portrait as the apostle paul ’ , would allocate the funds for a much less impressive work , the rijksmuseum has long made rembrandt [buys] a priority .

Like the Swiss-German project Leigh 's space receives its money from European backers , around nineteen and mostly Italian , whom Leigh advises on art purchases .
like the swiss-german project leigh 's space receives its money from european backers , around nineteen and mostly italian , whom leigh advises on art [buys] .

Another work by a friend of Degas , Leon Bonnat 's ‘ Arab plucking a thorn from his foot ’ , was one of the day 's most astute purchases .
another work by a friend of degas , leon bonnat 's ‘ arab plucking a thorn from his foot ’ , was one of the day 's most astute [buys] .

’ She smiled , busying herself with my purchases as she spoke .
’ she smiled , busying herself with my [buys] as she spoke .

‘ Very nice , ’ said Joe , eyeing the purchases , she 'd set out on the bed , ‘ but explain why it 's taken you all day . ’
‘ very nice , ’ said joe , eyeing the [buys] , she 'd set out on the bed , ‘ but explain why it 's taken you all day . ’

At first glance , such precise and long-winded accounts of restorations , alterations and embellishments might indicate that Mr Frick employed limited discernment in his choice of purchases , but this is definitely not the case .
at first glance , such precise and long-winded accounts of restorations , alterations and embellishments might indicate that mr frick employed limited discernment in his choice of [buys] , but this is definitely not the case .

Christie 's purchases Spink
christie 's [buys] spink

Picon says that its twenty-five active members are funding the lecture series accompanying ‘ The Greek Miracle ’ show , as well as library purchases and other activities .
picon says that its twenty-five active members are funding the lecture series accompanying ‘ the greek miracle ’ show , as well as library [buys] and other activities .

Purchases of prints included sheets from the great Lanna collection sold in 1909 and 1910 .
[buys] of prints included sheets from the great lanna collection sold in 1909 and 1910 .

Those works include sculpture by Richard Deacon , Julian Opie , Grenville Davey and Richard Wentworth and a painting by Lisa Milroy and have been hung with recent purchases of contemporary art by Ashley Bickerton , Damien Hirst and other younger artists .
those works include sculpture by richard deacon , julian opie , grenville davey and richard wentworth and a painting by lisa milroy and have been hung with recent [buys] of contemporary art by ashley bickerton , damien hirst and other younger artists .

Philadelphia doctor 's speculative purchases perform poorly second time around
philadelphia doctor 's speculative [buys] perform poorly second time around

His name is particularly associated with the art of Constable and he is responsible for a number of outstanding purchases and discoveries of that artist 's work .
his name is particularly associated with the art of constable and he is responsible for a number of outstanding [buys] and discoveries of that artist 's work .

Bank credit card ( Access , Barclaycard , Trustcard ) Flexible credit facility up to an agreed limit averaging £400 ) , for cash loans or credit purchases from the 100,000-plus shops etc .
bank credit card ( access , barclaycard , trustcard ) flexible credit facility up to an agreed limit averaging £400 ) , for cash loans or credit [buys] from the 100,000-plus shops etc .

The amount of credit outstanding for fuel is now approaching £1,000 million ; that is to say , for every £1 that consumers owe for other purchases they owe perhaps 10p for fuel .
the amount of credit outstanding for fuel is now approaching £1,000 million ; that is to say , for every £1 that consumers owe for other [buys] they owe perhaps 10p for fuel .

However , during the same period , the total volume of consumer spending has also increased — largely because of inflation but also partly because of some increase in the volume of purchases . The following set of figures shows new fixed-sum and other retail credit as a percentage of the total volume of spending on clothing and shoes , durables ( including electrical goods and furniture ) and cars and motorcycles , which account for the great bulk of this type of credit :
however , during the same period , the total volume of consumer spending has also increased — largely because of inflation but also partly because of some increase in the volume of [buys] . the following set of figures shows new fixed-sum and other retail credit as a percentage of the total volume of spending on clothing and shoes , durables ( including electrical goods and furniture ) and cars and motorcycles , which account for the great bulk of this type of credit :

For example , the £750 million outstanding on credit cards might represent only a few weeks ' purchases .
for example , the £750 million outstanding on credit cards might represent only a few weeks ' [buys] .

As people were asked particularly about non-routine purchases , out of the run of their normal budgeting , and as many people also buy small items of clothing — for cash or credit — within their routine shopping , the figure for clothes as a proportion of credit shopping is no doubt an understatement .
as people were asked particularly about non-routine [buys] , out of the run of their normal budgeting , and as many people also buy small items of clothing — for cash or credit — within their routine shopping , the figure for clothes as a proportion of credit shopping is no doubt an understatement .

Taking all recent purchases into account , credit now finances about two-thirds of cars and over half of domestic appliances , TVs , stereos etc .
taking all recent [buys] into account , credit now finances about two-thirds of cars and over half of domestic appliances , tvs , stereos etc .

But most mail order purchases cost under £30 .
but most mail order [buys] cost under £30 .

This suggests that the feeling of difficulty may be strongest with people whose incomes are stretched so tightly that they have to use credit for some needed purchases which they could not afford otherwise .
this suggests that the feeling of difficulty may be strongest with people whose incomes are stretched so tightly that they have to use credit for some needed [buys] which they could not afford otherwise .

The overall cost is difficult to work out : the main purchases were sundries — roofing felt , bolts , brackets , nails — plus the hire of a circular saw .
the overall cost is difficult to work out : the main [buys] were sundries — roofing felt , bolts , brackets , nails — plus the hire of a circular saw .

Much the easiest way to assemble a larger labour force was to buy slaves , and the Dutch were ready to help with this , giving the fairly long credit that anyone who wanted to become a planter would need in order to finance his purchases of slaves and of machinery to crush the cane and take the first steps in refining it .
much the easiest way to assemble a larger labour force was to buy slaves , and the dutch were ready to help with this , giving the fairly long credit that anyone who wanted to become a planter would need in order to finance his [buys] of slaves and of machinery to crush the cane and take the first steps in refining it .

By degrees the British came to dominate this trade , partly because they were so committed to sugar that they were bound to make large purchases of slaves on their own account , partly because their increasingly dominant position at sea meant that they could take the place of the Dutch as general suppliers of slaves for planters in other European colonies who wanted to buy them .
by degrees the british came to dominate this trade , partly because they were so committed to sugar that they were bound to make large [buys] of slaves on their own account , partly because their increasingly dominant position at sea meant that they could take the place of the dutch as general suppliers of slaves for planters in other european colonies who wanted to buy them .

Qualix Group Inc , San Francisco , California , has formed Qualix Direct , a new division to expedite large-volume Unix/client-server software purchases .
qualix group inc , san francisco , california , has formed qualix direct , a new division to expedite large-volume unix/client-server software [buys] .

At Beckford , on the southern slopes of Bredon Hill , you can visit Beckford Silk Centre and view the processes involved in the dyeing and printing of their unusual silks , and make purchases at the adjacent store .
at beckford , on the southern slopes of bredon hill , you can visit beckford silk centre and view the processes involved in the dyeing and printing of their unusual silks , and make [buys] at the adjacent store .

Many builders are unlikely to develop sophisticated costing techniques for their stores department , which will usually only represent a small fraction of the total materials purchases for the business as a whole .
many builders are unlikely to develop sophisticated costing techniques for their stores department , which will usually only represent a small fraction of the total materials [buys] for the business as a whole .

Trade discount , however , would usually be deducted from the cost unless it was received as a rebate from the supplier when the company as a whole reached a certain level of purchases .
trade discount , however , would usually be deducted from the cost unless it was received as a rebate from the supplier when the company as a whole reached a certain level of [buys] .

The bulk of the documentation passing through the accounts and surveying departments will relate to materials purchases .
the bulk of the documentation passing through the accounts and surveying departments will relate to materials [buys] .

The stores department would of course be subject to complete financial control with all wages for storemen , overheads , transport and materials purchases being debited to the control account , and stores issue notes being credited .
the stores department would of course be subject to complete financial control with all wages for storemen , overheads , transport and materials [buys] being debited to the control account , and stores issue notes being credited .

Soviet agreements with the Shah included credits for arms purchases and the construction of an oil pipeline .
soviet agreements with the shah included credits for arms [buys] and the construction of an oil pipeline .

Bonuses , rebates , and discounts related to the buyers ' past purchases from the supplier have also been frowned upon by the authorities .
bonuses , rebates , and discounts related to the buyers ' past [buys] from the supplier have also been frowned upon by the authorities .

Once third party rights are likely to be affected , as in the case of secured transactions or open market bona fide purchases , the information flowing from the carrier to the consignor-beneficiary of the letter of credit , and from the latter to the issuing or confirming bank can no longer remain private .
once third party rights are likely to be affected , as in the case of secured transactions or open market bona fide [buys] , the information flowing from the carrier to the consignor-beneficiary of the letter of credit , and from the latter to the issuing or confirming bank can no longer remain private .

the effect of growing social expenditure depends on its type ( whether transfers , purchases or state produced services ) , its nature ( the department or production or , in the case of transfers , the class to which it is directed ) , the manner in which it is financed and the final incidence of taxes .
the effect of growing social expenditure depends on its type ( whether transfers , [buys] or state produced services ) , its nature ( the department or production or , in the case of transfers , the class to which it is directed ) , the manner in which it is financed and the final incidence of taxes .

Farm workers appreciate the status involved in working with the biggest or newest piece of agricultural equipment in their district and take an almost proprietorial interest in the purchases of their employer .
farm workers appreciate the status involved in working with the biggest or newest piece of agricultural equipment in their district and take an almost proprietorial interest in the [buys] of their employer .

The commission had been correctly paid on all the relevant purchases except that of Framwells — the chain of tobacconist shops — which was easily the biggest deal Mike had handled .
the commission had been correctly paid on all the relevant [buys] except that of framwells — the chain of tobacconist shops — which was easily the biggest deal mike had handled .

Having experienced that particular chaos , she was careful to keep her books up to date , a simple matter of filling in two columns each day , ‘ Purchases made ’ and ‘ Total cash takings ’ .
having experienced that particular chaos , she was careful to keep her books up to date , a simple matter of filling in two columns each day , ‘ [buys] made ’ and ‘ total cash takings ’ .

In the case of working-class families who have bought shares — and this group in no way overlaps with the underclass — such purchases are likely to be small in value .
in the case of working-class families who have bought shares — and this group in no way overlaps with the underclass — such [buys] are likely to be small in value .

Since the acquisition of premises ( other than where the entrepreneur purchases the premises as a going concern and merely takes over an existing catering enterprise ) normally involves at least a change of use and often the development of the premises , planning permission is required .
since the acquisition of premises ( other than where the entrepreneur [buys] the premises as a going concern and merely takes over an existing catering enterprise ) normally involves at least a change of use and often the development of the premises , planning permission is required .

Hence , if Mr Keen purchases a freehold shop which was previously an undertaker 's and wishes to open Ghosts , a wine bar , on the premises , although the building work he undertakes may be wholly internal , a change of use is involved and therefore planning permission is required .
hence , if mr keen [buys] a freehold shop which was previously an undertaker 's and wishes to open ghosts , a wine bar , on the premises , although the building work he undertakes may be wholly internal , a change of use is involved and therefore planning permission is required .

Associated with this internationalization of production , sales and purchases have become increasingly international as products are made for a world market rather than for ‘ local ’ national buyers .
associated with this internationalization of production , sales and [buys] have become increasingly international as products are made for a world market rather than for ‘ local ’ national buyers .

In addition to these advantages , the Data Discman is also a generic player while most of the current chip-based handhelds remain dedicated devices offering only the body of information which a customer purchases with the hardware .
in addition to these advantages , the data discman is also a generic player while most of the current chip-based handhelds remain dedicated devices offering only the body of information which a customer [buys] with the hardware .

In a recent Lake District survey , only 48 per cent of house purchasers were local , with more than half the purchases being for holiday accommodation , second homes or retirement ( Shucksmith 1981 ) .
in a recent lake district survey , only 48 per cent of house purchasers were local , with more than half the [buys] being for holiday accommodation , second homes or retirement ( shucksmith 1981 ) .

In the Lake District National Park , an experiment was conducted after 1974 to attempt to restrict second homes purchases of new houses ( Clark 1982a , 1982b ) .
in the lake district national park , an experiment was conducted after 1974 to attempt to restrict second homes [buys] of new houses ( clark 1982a , 1982b ) .

Neither the programme of resettlement in Siberia , nor peasant purchases of noble land came close to compensating for the continued steep rise in the rural population in these regions .
neither the programme of resettlement in siberia , nor peasant [buys] of noble land came close to compensating for the continued steep rise in the rural population in these regions .

Suki was wandering slenderly towards him , shedding various purchases as she approached — creeds and caskets , shining satchels .
suki was wandering slenderly towards him , shedding various [buys] as she approached — creeds and caskets , shining satchels .

The three men set off again in the Sunbeam , touring the stores of Ruislip and Eastcote , making purchases with their newly acquired Barclaycard .
the three men set off again in the sunbeam , touring the stores of ruislip and eastcote , making [buys] with their newly acquired barclaycard .

How soon after publication these purchases are made depends on how rapidly the favourites reprint .
how soon after publication these [buys] are made depends on how rapidly the favourites reprint .

Other strategies to ‘ save ’ money included joining clubs to purchase essentials which they could not afford to pay for in a lump sum , although being aware of the extra costs of the high interest on such purchases ; having slot meters installed to control electricity consumption ; and delaying lighting the fire until later in the day to conserve coal :
other strategies to ‘ save ’ money included joining clubs to purchase essentials which they could not afford to pay for in a lump sum , although being aware of the extra costs of the high interest on such [buys] ; having slot meters installed to control electricity consumption ; and delaying lighting the fire until later in the day to conserve coal :

First , where an elderly person had moved into the household of a younger generation relative , the latter often made extra purchases , ranging from an extra bed or bedding through to the construction of an additional bedroom , in order to provide the necessary accommodation .
first , where an elderly person had moved into the household of a younger generation relative , the latter often made extra [buys] , ranging from an extra bed or bedding through to the construction of an additional bedroom , in order to provide the necessary accommodation .

Although the two purchases were at no stage legally conditional the one on the other , the obvious inference was that the family was interested in acquiring houses side by side .
although the two [buys] were at no stage legally conditional the one on the other , the obvious inference was that the family was interested in acquiring houses side by side .

We felt that the cam cleats holding the tails of the car adjustment purchases should be better aligned .
we felt that the cam cleats holding the tails of the car adjustment [buys] should be better aligned .

Suppliers operating in industrial markets dominated by a small number of large companies may find it possible to base their annual and long term forecasts on the expected purchases of these customers .
suppliers operating in industrial markets dominated by a small number of large companies may find it possible to base their annual and long term forecasts on the expected [buys] of these customers .

Purchases by customers are assumed to be a function of advertising and promotional expenditure , salesforce effort and commission , and retailer sales effort .
[buys] by customers are assumed to be a function of advertising and promotional expenditure , salesforce effort and commission , and retailer sales effort .

The process also incorporates feedback , for instance in the relationship between the rate at which customers purchase and the rate of purchases for stock by retailers .
the process also incorporates feedback , for instance in the relationship between the rate at which customers purchase and the rate of [buys] for stock by retailers .

Subjective forecasting There are three main types : ( i ) techniques salesforce composite method which uses estimates of future sales made by salesforce and sales management personnel ; ( ii ) juries of executive opinion are groups of senior managers and/or outside trade representatives brought together to offer a combined judgement about market trends and existing/proposed sales forecasts ; ( iii ) surveys of buyer intentions are taken from industrial markets dominated by small numbers of large buyers , whose expected or forecast purchases provide the basis for the survey .
subjective forecasting there are three main types : ( i ) techniques salesforce composite method which uses estimates of future sales made by salesforce and sales management personnel ; ( ii ) juries of executive opinion are groups of senior managers and/or outside trade representatives brought together to offer a combined judgement about market trends and existing/proposed sales forecasts ; ( iii ) surveys of buyer intentions are taken from industrial markets dominated by small numbers of large buyers , whose expected or forecast [buys] provide the basis for the survey .

For instance : i ) The influence of children on family purchases may be product or service specific .
for instance : i ) the influence of children on family [buys] may be product or service specific .

The investigation concentrated on the main consumer group that purchases cotton wool , namely women aged between sixteen and forty-five .
the investigation concentrated on the main consumer group that [buys] cotton wool , namely women aged between sixteen and forty-five .

Such purchases are often made under long term Contracts , and may be enacted by computerised stock control programs when current stock levels reach a minimum `` safety level `` .
such [buys] are often made under long term contracts , and may be enacted by computerised stock control programs when current stock levels reach a minimum `` safety level `` .

Market segmentation , therefore , represents a recognition that people as buyers and consumers differ in their needs , tastes , family and cultural background , motivation , lifestyle and attitudes towards products and purchases So how is market segmentation carried out ?
market segmentation , therefore , represents a recognition that people as buyers and consumers differ in their needs , tastes , family and cultural background , motivation , lifestyle and attitudes towards products and [buys] so how is market segmentation carried out ?

Heeding Lady Barber 's wish that the ‘ purchases for the Collection shall be of that standard of quality required by the National Gallery and the Wallace Collection ’ , the Trustees have succeeded in acquiring over the years a group of paintings , drawings , sculptures , and objet d'art of exceptional merit , a number of them undisputed masterpieces .
heeding lady barber 's wish that the ‘ [buys] for the collection shall be of that standard of quality required by the national gallery and the wallace collection ’ , the trustees have succeeded in acquiring over the years a group of paintings , drawings , sculptures , and objet d'art of exceptional merit , a number of them undisputed masterpieces .

Among the earliest purchases for the collection was a poignant portrayal of St John the Evangelist by Simone Martini , dated 1320 , which is one of only four works by this master in Britain — another of which is owned by the Art Gallery at Chamberlain Square .
among the earliest [buys] for the collection was a poignant portrayal of st john the evangelist by simone martini , dated 1320 , which is one of only four works by this master in britain — another of which is owned by the art gallery at chamberlain square .

He knows as well as we do that there is no guarantee that all the purchases will be made by buy-out teams which , as he said , may reasonably not be expected to reduce the quality of their pension schemes .
he knows as well as we do that there is no guarantee that all the [buys] will be made by buy-out teams which , as he said , may reasonably not be expected to reduce the quality of their pension schemes .

After a long session trying on clothes , she was walking out with her purchases when a man tapped her on the shoulder and asked her to go back into the shop .
after a long session trying on clothes , she was walking out with her [buys] when a man tapped her on the shoulder and asked her to go back into the shop .

Typical office activities include issuing invoices , handling purchases , dealing with customers ’ orders , preparing accounts and statistics , processing the payroll and other routine activities .
typical office activities include issuing invoices , handling [buys] , dealing with customers ’ orders , preparing accounts and statistics , processing the payroll and other routine activities .

Advertising aims to attract attention and subsequent purchases by means of persuasively communicating product information via the media ( the press , radio and television , direct mail and outdoor posters ) .
advertising aims to attract attention and subsequent [buys] by means of persuasively communicating product information via the media ( the press , radio and television , direct mail and outdoor posters ) .

Everyone 's preferences would be reflected in their purchases of goods and their productivity in wages paid .
everyone 's preferences would be reflected in their [buys] of goods and their productivity in wages paid .

’ This in its turn would change people 's pattern of purchases away from that which reflected their true preferences .
’ this in its turn would change people 's pattern of [buys] away from that which reflected their true preferences .

Solicitor 's fee for work involved in purchases .
solicitor 's fee for work involved in [buys] .

The firm now employs 14 solicitors and associates , who are completing 10 to 15 house purchases a day , and has clients all over the country and across the globe .
the firm now employs 14 solicitors and associates , who are completing 10 to 15 house [buys] a day , and has clients all over the country and across the globe .

1% off until Dec 92 for new purchases
1% off until dec 92 for new [buys]

Other PMS-related symptoms include making impulsive purchases , an increase in sex drive and shouting at work colleagues !
other pms-related symptoms include making impulsive [buys] , an increase in sex drive and shouting at work colleagues !

She made her purchases carefully , forcing herself to consider the quality of meat , to search out some stem ginger .
she made her [buys] carefully , forcing herself to consider the quality of meat , to search out some stem ginger .

For example , if a company has only a limited amount of funds available to spend over the next few years , centralised management would be able to take a balanced view of how the funds should be shared out between production , marketing , research and development , motor vehicles , other fixed asset purchases in different departments etc .
for example , if a company has only a limited amount of funds available to spend over the next few years , centralised management would be able to take a balanced view of how the funds should be shared out between production , marketing , research and development , motor vehicles , other fixed asset [buys] in different departments etc .

In 1851 Cheyney began to act as unofficial consultant to the trustees of the National Gallery about the quality and availability of pictures in Italy , sometimes contradicting the purchases proposed by John Ruskin [ q.v . ]
in 1851 cheyney began to act as unofficial consultant to the trustees of the national gallery about the quality and availability of pictures in italy , sometimes contradicting the [buys] proposed by john ruskin [ q.v . ]

From his vantage point in Worcester House he became involved in the speculative buying of soldiers ' bills , with which he made fifteen purchases of Crown land , mostly on behalf of other men .
from his vantage point in worcester house he became involved in the speculative buying of soldiers ' bills , with which he made fifteen [buys] of crown land , mostly on behalf of other men .

He had the task of cataloguing her books ( including the Spencer library ) , advising on new purchases , organizing the collection , and supervising its transfer to the new John Rylands Library in Manchester .
he had the task of cataloguing her books ( including the spencer library ) , advising on new [buys] , organizing the collection , and supervising its transfer to the new john rylands library in manchester .

He was important not so much for any positive achievement as for the unintended consequences of his purchases .
he was important not so much for any positive achievement as for the unintended consequences of his [buys] .

The picture collection is an important one , much extended in character and size by Curzon 's purchases and commissions .
the picture collection is an important one , much extended in character and size by curzon 's [buys] and commissions .

They record purchases by clients , among them Sir Robert Walpole and Robert Butts , bishop of Ely [ q.v . ]
they record [buys] by clients , among them sir robert walpole and robert butts , bishop of ely [ q.v . ]

Both the scale of his operations and the degree of his specialization in financial business made him a unique figure in early Stuart England , though he did have a few other economic irons in the fire : among them , a share in the tobacco monopoly and the export of iron ordnance in the 1620s and huge purchases of East India Company pepper in 1623 and 1628 .
both the scale of his operations and the degree of his specialization in financial business made him a unique figure in early stuart england , though he did have a few other economic irons in the fire : among them , a share in the tobacco monopoly and the export of iron ordnance in the 1620s and huge [buys] of east india company pepper in 1623 and 1628 .

Several of his Rembrandt drawings were said to have a provenance from the Six collection in Amsterdam , and other purchases were made from distinguished contemporary sales such as those of the Earl of Arundel , Sir Peter Lely [ q.v . ]
several of his rembrandt drawings were said to have a provenance from the six collection in amsterdam , and other [buys] were made from distinguished contemporary sales such as those of the earl of arundel , sir peter lely [ q.v . ]

( volume v , footnote on page 16 ) state that Magniac ‘ partly inherited and partly collected the remarkable collection ’ , although no material has come to light to distinguish Hollingworth Magniac 's purchases from those of his father or brother .
( volume v , footnote on page 16 ) state that magniac ‘ partly inherited and partly collected the remarkable collection ’ , although no material has come to light to distinguish hollingworth magniac 's [buys] from those of his father or brother .

The same thing can be said about expense recognition , although there is a system of accounting which recognizes a debit earlier than the receipt of an invoice . The cycle for purchases might look like this :
the same thing can be said about expense recognition , although there is a system of accounting which recognizes a debit earlier than the receipt of an invoice . the cycle for [buys] might look like this :

There are no balance sheets because there are no assets or liabilities in the books : sales are only recognized when cash is received ( so there are no debtors ) ; purchases are only recognized when cash is paid ( so there are no creditors ) ; there are no stock adjustments because the accounts are not concerned with recording usage , only with the fact that cash has been paid for purchases ( so there is no closing stock figure ) ; there are no fixed assets , for the same reason .
there are no balance sheets because there are no assets or liabilities in the books : sales are only recognized when cash is received ( so there are no debtors ) ; [buys] are only recognized when cash is paid ( so there are no creditors ) ; there are no stock adjustments because the accounts are not concerned with recording usage , only with the fact that cash has been paid for [buys] ( so there is no closing stock figure ) ; there are no fixed assets , for the same reason .

This involves accruing any receipts which have been earned in the financial year and accruing any payments which relate to purchases made in the financial year .
this involves accruing any receipts which have been earned in the financial year and accruing any payments which relate to [buys] made in the financial year .

( This does not mean that the replacement funds will be available in liquid form on expiry since they could be locked up in other fixed asset purchases . )
( this does not mean that the replacement funds will be available in liquid form on expiry since they could be locked up in other fixed asset [buys] . )

The region 's arms purchases and commercial links with the Western states , Japan and the Soviet Union would not be affected .
the region 's arms [buys] and commercial links with the western states , japan and the soviet union would not be affected .

Computer books ( and , indeed , a vast number of other books on management ) are bought not by individuals but by companies , who can declare such purchases as legitimate expenses , with all that the term implies tax-wise .
computer books ( and , indeed , a vast number of other books on management ) are bought not by individuals but by companies , who can declare such [buys] as legitimate expenses , with all that the term implies tax-wise .

English , with its changes of set book requirements , was presenting specific budget problems , and Science was seen as an area for going slow on purchases .
english , with its changes of set book requirements , was presenting specific budget problems , and science was seen as an area for going slow on [buys] .

Your regular monthly contribution or lump sum payment purchases units in a large pooled fund from which equities [ stocks and shares ] are bought and sold on your behalf .
your regular monthly contribution or lump sum payment [buys] units in a large pooled fund from which equities [ stocks and shares ] are bought and sold on your behalf .

There is growing public support for buying and protecting wildlife areas , according to the Paris-based European Fund for the Preservation of Nature , which has amassed sufficient funds to go ahead with its first purchases of land for conservation , in Brittany and Normandy .
there is growing public support for buying and protecting wildlife areas , according to the paris-based european fund for the preservation of nature , which has amassed sufficient funds to go ahead with its first [buys] of land for conservation , in brittany and normandy .

Dauphin ( 1980 ) , meanwhile , lists many of the names of clients ( and their purchases ) inscribed in the mosaics of the Levant .
dauphin ( 1980 ) , meanwhile , lists many of the names of clients ( and their [buys] ) inscribed in the mosaics of the levant .

Cash purchases
cash [buys]

Market purchases
market [buys]

Purchases by the offeror or its concert parties of the target 's shares on the London Stock Exchange .
[buys] by the offeror or its concert parties of the target 's shares on the london stock exchange .

Purchases or other acquisitions of shares
[buys] or other acquisitions of shares

These include purchases of shares assented to an offer .
these include [buys] of shares assented to an offer .

Such transactions include Court Schemes , reductions of share capital , purchases by a company of its own shares , reverse takeovers , new issues of shares and the acquisition by a parent company of further shares in its subsidiary .
such transactions include court schemes , reductions of share capital , [buys] by a company of its own shares , reverse takeovers , new issues of shares and the acquisition by a parent company of further shares in its subsidiary .

Thus , if a bidder and its merchant bank buy shares in a target company , there is a presumption that they are acting in concert and their purchases will be aggregated .
thus , if a bidder and its merchant bank buy shares in a target company , there is a presumption that they are acting in concert and their [buys] will be aggregated .

Rule 37.1 provides that where a company redeems or purchases its own voting shares , with the result that the directors and any persons acting in concert with them hold 30 per cent or more of the voting rights , then a Rule 9 obligation to make a mandatory offer arises .
rule 37.1 provides that where a company redeems or [buys] its own voting shares , with the result that the directors and any persons acting in concert with them hold 30 per cent or more of the voting rights , then a rule 9 obligation to make a mandatory offer arises .

Any waiver will be invalidated if any purchases are made by the directors and their concert parties between the posting of the circular and the shareholders ' meeting .
any waiver will be invalidated if any [buys] are made by the directors and their concert parties between the posting of the circular and the shareholders ' meeting .

Redemptions or purchases of non-voting shares are not relevant to Rule 37.1 .
redemptions or [buys] of non-voting shares are not relevant to rule 37.1 .

The target 's circular to shareholders must disclose purchases and redemptions made over the period commencing 12 months prior to the offer period and ending with the latest practicable date prior to the posting of the document .
the target 's circular to shareholders must disclose [buys] and redemptions made over the period commencing 12 months prior to the offer period and ending with the latest practicable date prior to the posting of the document .

The company will need to convene an extraordinary general meeting to pass the ordinary or special resolution ( as appropriate ) to sanction the purchases .
the company will need to convene an extraordinary general meeting to pass the ordinary or special resolution ( as appropriate ) to sanction the [buys] .

The resolution must specify the date on which the authority to make purchases will expire , which can not be later than 18 months from the date on which the resolution is passed ( s166 ( 3 ) ( c ) and ( 4 ) ) .
the resolution must specify the date on which the authority to make [buys] will expire , which can not be later than 18 months from the date on which the resolution is passed ( s166 ( 3 ) ( c ) and ( 4 ) ) .

As the company will be using significant cash resources to finance the purchases in such circumstances , the requirement to make a statement as to the adequacy of working capital in the circular ( on the basis of the maximum utilisation of the authority and at the highest price — which assumption must be stated ) will be of particular concern .
as the company will be using significant cash resources to finance the [buys] in such circumstances , the requirement to make a statement as to the adequacy of working capital in the circular ( on the basis of the maximum utilisation of the authority and at the highest price — which assumption must be stated ) will be of particular concern .

Purchases below the London Stock Exchange 's 15 per cent limit may be made through the market in the ordinary way .
[buys] below the london stock exchange 's 15 per cent limit may be made through the market in the ordinary way .

Shareholders must be notified if the company intends to `` stand in the market `` for a particular period or until such time as a particular number of purchases have been made ( para 30.4 ) .
shareholders must be notified if the company intends to `` stand in the market `` for a particular period or until such time as a particular number of [buys] have been made ( para 30.4 ) .

The circular setting out the notice of meeting must set out clearly the effect of the proposed purchases on conversion or subscription rights in terms of attributable assets and earnings ( para 30.4 ) .
the circular setting out the notice of meeting must set out clearly the effect of the proposed [buys] on conversion or subscription rights in terms of attributable assets and earnings ( para 30.4 ) .

( 6 ) If over 49 per cent of the voting rights could be obtained , the offer document must contain specific and prominent reference to this and to the fact that if the offer succeeds the offeror will be free , subject to Rule 36.3 ( which prohibits purchases during a period of 12 months after the end of the offer period ) , to acquire further shares without incurring an obligation to make a mandatory offer ( Rule 36.6 ) .
( 6 ) if over 49 per cent of the voting rights could be obtained , the offer document must contain specific and prominent reference to this and to the fact that if the offer succeeds the offeror will be free , subject to rule 36.3 ( which prohibits [buys] during a period of 12 months after the end of the offer period ) , to acquire further shares without incurring an obligation to make a mandatory offer ( rule 36.6 ) .

This provision in joint purchases — can the survivor give a valid receipt on a subsequent sale ?
this provision in joint [buys] — can the survivor give a valid receipt on a subsequent sale ?

The purser 's office was busy as she made her way through the ship 's main reception area , and a queue of passengers needing to make last-minute purchases of local currency had formed .
the purser 's office was busy as she made her way through the ship 's main reception area , and a queue of passengers needing to make last-minute [buys] of local currency had formed .

the lack of objective reviews at the time and the fact that no `` on approval `` facilities were available , several bad purchases were made when software was first acquired .
the lack of objective reviews at the time and the fact that no `` on approval `` facilities were available , several bad [buys] were made when software was first acquired .

In either event , particular regard will have to be had to the capital gains tax , inheritance tax and stamp duty implications of such a transaction , and whilst these are dealt with more fully in Chapter 2 , the following points are mentioned as an aide-méemoire : ( i ) If the new husband purchases the husband 's interest in the house , is this for full value and on the basis of an arm 's length transaction ?
in either event , particular regard will have to be had to the capital gains tax , inheritance tax and stamp duty implications of such a transaction , and whilst these are dealt with more fully in chapter 2 , the following points are mentioned as an aide-méemoire : ( i ) if the new husband [buys] the husband 's interest in the house , is this for full value and on the basis of an arm 's length transaction ?

Each of these companies provided us with detailed information of their purchases , which provided the basis for our estimate of ‘ indirect ’ employment described in Section 3 .
each of these companies provided us with detailed information of their [buys] , which provided the basis for our estimate of ‘ indirect ’ employment described in section 3 .

In order to measure the indirect employment generated as a result of Scotch Whisky industry purchases it is necessary to have a more detailed compositional breakdown of the supplier inputs shown in Table 3.1 and to trace back through the economy the whole chain of –backward ’ linkages .
in order to measure the indirect employment generated as a result of scotch whisky industry [buys] it is necessary to have a more detailed compositional breakdown of the supplier inputs shown in table 3.1 and to trace back through the economy the whole chain of –backward ’ linkages .

Thus , Scotch Whisky company purchases of inputs constitute outputs for their immediate suppliers .
thus , scotch whisky company [buys] of inputs constitute outputs for their immediate suppliers .

The importance of Scotch to the agricultural sector ( as indicated by indirect employment generated by cereals purchases ) is apparent when one considers the lack of alternative employment .
the importance of scotch to the agricultural sector ( as indicated by indirect employment generated by cereals [buys] ) is apparent when one considers the lack of alternative employment .

Thus , purchases by the Board would have done nothing to facilitate an increase in the total supply of land for development even if they had been much more numerous .
thus , [buys] by the board would have done nothing to facilitate an increase in the total supply of land for development even if they had been much more numerous .

The levy was deducted from the price paid by the commission on its own purchases and was paid by owners when they sold land privately .
the levy was deducted from the price paid by the commission on its own [buys] and was paid by owners when they sold land privately .

The Bank of England purchases £1 billion of government securities , and credits the government 's account at the Bank of England by £1 billion .
the bank of england [buys] £1 billion of government securities , and credits the government 's account at the bank of england by £1 billion .

Further , purchases of these securities by the general public would reduce banks ' liquidity , as people paid with cheques drawn on their bank accounts .
further , [buys] of these securities by the general public would reduce banks ' liquidity , as people paid with cheques drawn on their bank accounts .

Martin purchases a house in Paris , 1678
martin [buys] a house in paris , 1678

But no , not after seeing Victoria riding away in that Mercedes , after putting her clothes purchases on Miguel 's bill … Of course she had suspected there was something between them , when Victoria had questioned her so closely .
but no , not after seeing victoria riding away in that mercedes , after putting her clothes [buys] on miguel 's bill … of course she had suspected there was something between them , when victoria had questioned her so closely .

Determined not to hold Penry up , she made her purchases at such speed that she was outside , waiting , when he came striding down the narrow street to collect her .
determined not to hold penry up , she made her [buys] at such speed that she was outside , waiting , when he came striding down the narrow street to collect her .

Rachel bought absurd things , then went back to the villa , and unpacked all her useless purchases , aware that she had bought a ridiculous diamanté choker to cheer herself up , and now felt a fool .
rachel bought absurd things , then went back to the villa , and unpacked all her useless [buys] , aware that she had bought a ridiculous diamanté choker to cheer herself up , and now felt a fool .

Think again , Ashley told herself as , having checked that the purchases stashed in the buggy 's basket were secure , she started the return climb up the lane .
think again , ashley told herself as , having checked that the [buys] stashed in the buggy 's basket were secure , she started the return climb up the lane .

It is only when one has haunted the markets of France and the food shops in the country towns and villages , watched the housewives doing their shopping , listened to them discussing their purchases at the pâtisseries and the charcuteries that one realizes how much less they are tied to their kitchens than we had always been led to suppose .
it is only when one has haunted the markets of france and the food shops in the country towns and villages , watched the housewives doing their shopping , listened to them discussing their [buys] at the pâtisseries and the charcuteries that one realizes how much less they are tied to their kitchens than we had always been led to suppose .

For the retail co-operatives , it posed the question whether their employees too were to be paid a bonus , thus reducing the amount available for distribution on purchases , or whether they should be paid the rate for the job .
for the retail co-operatives , it posed the question whether their employees too were to be paid a bonus , thus reducing the amount available for distribution on [buys] , or whether they should be paid the rate for the job .

For the great majority of its members this , and not the long-term and grander aspirations of the Movement , was the compelling attraction ; and the institution of the dividend on purchases created among members a dominant body of people whose interest was to maximise the amount .
for the great majority of its members this , and not the long-term and grander aspirations of the movement , was the compelling attraction ; and the institution of the dividend on [buys] created among members a dominant body of people whose interest was to maximise the amount .

Insist though trade unions might that their purpose was not to subvert the market economy but to sell labour at a fair price as a commodity in it , the fact remained that successful trade unionism implied reduced dividends on investment , just as organising the production of goods for sale in Co-operative stores as a function of independent industrial co-operatives implied reduced dividends on purchases from them .
insist though trade unions might that their purpose was not to subvert the market economy but to sell labour at a fair price as a commodity in it , the fact remained that successful trade unionism implied reduced dividends on investment , just as organising the production of goods for sale in co-operative stores as a function of independent industrial co-operatives implied reduced dividends on [buys] from them .

Savings disappeared , mortgage payments could no longer be kept up , purchases made on instalment plans had to be returned .
savings disappeared , mortgage payments could no longer be kept up , [buys] made on instalment plans had to be returned .

Nicholas Hall describes how , for the 1930 purchases from the Hermitage , Knoedler arranged that Andrew Mellon , who provided the financial backing , would pay Knoedler 's a commission of 25 % if he decided to buy the works and conversely , if Mellon did not wish to buy a particular work , Knoedler 's would sell it for a 25 % profit to be paid to Mellon .
nicholas hall describes how , for the 1930 [buys] from the hermitage , knoedler arranged that andrew mellon , who provided the financial backing , would pay knoedler 's a commission of 25 % if he decided to buy the works and conversely , if mellon did not wish to buy a particular work , knoedler 's would sell it for a 25 % profit to be paid to mellon .

Recent purchases from the younger generation of American artists are included in this evolving body of work .
recent [buys] from the younger generation of american artists are included in this evolving body of work .

With additional purchases the museum will be one of the most important for concrete art in Germany , showing works by Marcello Morandini , Leon Polks Smith , Josef Albers , Verena Loewensberg , and Peter Vogels bringing the story of concrete art up to the present day .
with additional [buys] the museum will be one of the most important for concrete art in germany , showing works by marcello morandini , leon polks smith , josef albers , verena loewensberg , and peter vogels bringing the story of concrete art up to the present day .

Simon Patiño also made the first purchases of French eighteenth-century furniture and Old Master paintings by the French School areas in which successive generations , including Jaime Ortiz-Patiño , his grandson , would collect as well .
simon patiño also made the first [buys] of french eighteenth-century furniture and old master paintings by the french school areas in which successive generations , including jaime ortiz-patiño , his grandson , would collect as well .

The Leger Gallery was founded in 1892 by Joseph Leger , whose activities were ‘ modest as a dealer in the period up to the end of the Great War and typical of an age in which there were few private clients and virtually no museum purchases ’ astonishing in view of the purchasing possibilities at the time .
the leger gallery was founded in 1892 by joseph leger , whose activities were ‘ modest as a dealer in the period up to the end of the great war and typical of an age in which there were few private clients and virtually no museum [buys] ’ astonishing in view of the purchasing possibilities at the time .

Comprising nearly fifty supermarket trolleys tightly packed with discarded household kit salvaged from skips and tips , the exhibition recreates , in the context of an art gallery , an Oxford Street clearance sale , with all its sleazy devices for purchases by pressure .
comprising nearly fifty supermarket trolleys tightly packed with discarded household kit salvaged from skips and tips , the exhibition recreates , in the context of an art gallery , an oxford street clearance sale , with all its sleazy devices for [buys] by pressure .

In the meanwhile the Partito Populare spearheads opposition by those who think the Reina Sofía is too expensive , that the Pta584 million voted for purchases that year is too much .
in the meanwhile the partito populare spearheads opposition by those who think the reina sofía is too expensive , that the pta584 million voted for [buys] that year is too much .

Instead , at a press briefing , he made it clear that he would be looking to private benefactors to come to the rescue in extreme cases , and pointing to the successful purchases of ‘ Portrait of a lady with a squirrel and a starling ’ by Holbein for the National Gallery ( see The Art Newspaper No .
instead , at a press briefing , he made it clear that he would be looking to private benefactors to come to the rescue in extreme cases , and pointing to the successful [buys] of ‘ portrait of a lady with a squirrel and a starling ’ by holbein for the national gallery ( see the art newspaper no .

The commission also pointed out the extremely confused state of the Gallery 's accounts , unpaid revenue from hard currency contracts and multi-million rouble purchases of unused equipment .
the commission also pointed out the extremely confused state of the gallery 's accounts , unpaid revenue from hard currency contracts and multi-million rouble [buys] of unused equipment .

The other purchases should be evaluated only against the background of our poverty .
the other [buys] should be evaluated only against the background of our poverty .

Theoretically , Karla Fohrbeck could in her official capacity prevent any purchases she disapproved of , but such a veto would not only be in breach of artistic freedom but would also conflict with her idea of autonomy for the museums in her charge .
theoretically , karla fohrbeck could in her official capacity prevent any [buys] she disapproved of , but such a veto would not only be in breach of artistic freedom but would also conflict with her idea of autonomy for the museums in her charge .

Client lists held by art dealers and auction houses detailing purchases , preferences and special interests
client lists held by art dealers and auction houses detailing [buys] , preferences and special interests

Loans and purchases
loans and [buys]

Depending on when you make your purchases , you can enjoy up to 56 days interest-free credit .
depending on when you make your [buys] , you can enjoy up to 56 days interest-free credit .

Another key element of any money transmission service is the reconciliation of bank account balances with sales and purchases ledgers to ensure the effective monitoring and management of funds .
another key element of any money transmission service is the reconciliation of bank account balances with sales and [buys] ledgers to ensure the effective monitoring and management of funds .

The capacity to produce internal wealth and to create exports to finance purchases of needed goods and services eases the pressures for social and political change .
the capacity to produce internal wealth and to create exports to finance [buys] of needed goods and services eases the pressures for social and political change .

Brazil 's component exports increased rapidly in the late 1980s , only to fall sharply as buyers shifted their purchases to other developing countries in 1990 when the Cruzado became overvalued ( Karmokolias , 1990 ) .
brazil 's component exports increased rapidly in the late 1980s , only to fall sharply as buyers shifted their [buys] to other developing countries in 1990 when the cruzado became overvalued ( karmokolias , 1990 ) .

Excluding the minimal spillover benefits , one cost-benefit study concluded that the net benefits of the EPZs , in terms of jobs , trade and local purchases , had grown to the point where by 1982 they exceeded the costs of providing infrastructure and of foregone tax revenue ( Warr , 1987 : pp .
excluding the minimal spillover benefits , one cost-benefit study concluded that the net benefits of the epzs , in terms of jobs , trade and local [buys] , had grown to the point where by 1982 they exceeded the costs of providing infrastructure and of foregone tax revenue ( warr , 1987 : pp .

For example , Israel has since 1967 followed the general rule that all government purchases — including , of course , arms — should be paid for by offsets .
for example , israel has since 1967 followed the general rule that all government [buys] — including , of course , arms — should be paid for by offsets .

Any purchases invoices should be checked and entered into the purchases day book and the ledger .
any [buys] invoices should be checked and entered into the [buys] day book and the ledger .

Nominal accounts — these accounts deal with the profits and losses of the business and include the sales account , purchases account and all expense accounts .
nominal accounts — these accounts deal with the profits and losses of the business and include the sales account , [buys] account and all expense accounts .

Invoices received should be checked for prices and calculations and passed if correct for entry into the appropriate columns of the purchases day book .
invoices received should be checked for prices and calculations and passed if correct for entry into the appropriate columns of the [buys] day book .

Purchases day book
[buys] day book

Most establishments keep their purchases day book in the form of a weekly invoice summary sheet , which is analysed ( see Fig .
most establishments keep their [buys] day book in the form of a weekly invoice summary sheet , which is analysed ( see fig .

Total returns outwards are deducted from the purchases account .
total returns outwards are deducted from the [buys] account .

The total balances on the sales ledger ( visitors ' ledger ) will give the total sundry debtors ; the total balance of the purchases ledger will give the total of the sundry creditors .
the total balances on the sales ledger ( visitors ' ledger ) will give the total sundry debtors ; the total balance of the [buys] ledger will give the total of the sundry creditors .

Incorrect additions of sales , purchases or returns books .
incorrect additions of sales , [buys] or returns books .

Compelled to raise cash for payment of rent , redemption dues , taxes , and essential purchases , they were driven to sell as much grain as possible , retaining minimal reserves for subsistence and planting .
compelled to raise cash for payment of rent , redemption dues , taxes , and essential [buys] , they were driven to sell as much grain as possible , retaining minimal reserves for subsistence and planting .

Intra-group connections then , cover the whole spectrum from the source of raw material right through to consumer purchases .
intra-group connections then , cover the whole spectrum from the source of raw material right through to consumer [buys] .

As the person through whom all orders for purchases from project grants must pass , this is clearly a key position in the project 's structure .
as the person through whom all orders for [buys] from project grants must pass , this is clearly a key position in the project 's structure .

This was attributed to four main factors : the chairperson had been promoted to another school ; the librarian/coordinator had been promoted to a complex and demanding pastoral role ; the reorganisation of secondary schools had imposed strains to which the activities of a library committee were an unwelcome addition ; and finally , the fact that the project purchases were now completed , with the books already finding their way on to the library shelves , appeared to be seen as an indication that the committee 's work had been completed .
this was attributed to four main factors : the chairperson had been promoted to another school ; the librarian/coordinator had been promoted to a complex and demanding pastoral role ; the reorganisation of secondary schools had imposed strains to which the activities of a library committee were an unwelcome addition ; and finally , the fact that the project [buys] were now completed , with the books already finding their way on to the library shelves , appeared to be seen as an indication that the committee 's work had been completed .

and again did not discriminate between use of project and use of non-project purchases .
and again did not discriminate between use of project and use of non-project [buys] .

However , we did see sets of study skills booklets acquired through the project ( in one case being used in library lessons ) , and in another school project work originating in tutorial periods was being developed in study skills lessons with a view to using specific project purchases .
however , we did see sets of study skills booklets acquired through the project ( in one case being used in library lessons ) , and in another school project work originating in tutorial periods was being developed in study skills lessons with a view to using specific project [buys] .

Aficionados of the finest wines tend to invest in en primeur purchases — buying by the case before the wine is even bottled .
aficionados of the finest wines tend to invest in en primeur [buys] — buying by the case before the wine is even bottled .

More purchases are planned .
more [buys] are planned .

Some experts have questioned the provenance and even genuineness of several notable purchases , particularly antiquities .
some experts have questioned the provenance and even genuineness of several notable [buys] , particularly antiquities .

Sotheby 's proposed to lend Mr Kameyama the shortfall , so that he could complete his purchases .
sotheby 's proposed to lend mr kameyama the shortfall , so that he could complete his [buys] .

’ He refines his argument in the light of evidence that nowadays the demand curve for a company 's stock is extremely elastic : ‘ [ t ] hus even large purchases of stock will not necessarily have an immediate and noticeable effect on its price since other stocks are seen as perfect substitutes .
’ he refines his argument in the light of evidence that nowadays the demand curve for a company 's stock is extremely elastic : ‘ [ t ] hus even large [buys] of stock will not necessarily have an immediate and noticeable effect on its price since other stocks are seen as perfect substitutes .

Barclaycard provides free insurance on almost all purchases over £50 for the first 100 days .
barclaycard provides free insurance on almost all [buys] over £50 for the first 100 days .

Further , these purchases are expected to lead to an increase in the price of financial assets and a fall in their yields ( i.e .
further , these [buys] are expected to lead to an increase in the price of financial assets and a fall in their yields ( i.e .

Therefore any adjustment which comes about as a result of an increase in the money supply will probably take place first of all through purchases of short-term , highly liquid financial assets such as Treasury bills and bank bills .
therefore any adjustment which comes about as a result of an increase in the money supply will probably take place first of all through [buys] of short-term , highly liquid financial assets such as treasury bills and bank bills .

The assumption that money is a substitute for all assets , both real and financial , leads the monetarists to conclude that an increase in the money supply brings about directly an increase in prices as a consequence of increased purchases of all types of assets .
the assumption that money is a substitute for all assets , both real and financial , leads the monetarists to conclude that an increase in the money supply brings about directly an increase in prices as a consequence of increased [buys] of all types of assets .

To buy food for a day at a time because there is no pantry in which to store it is to meet higher bills at corner stores than would be involved in larger purchases from supermarkets .
to buy food for a day at a time because there is no pantry in which to store it is to meet higher bills at corner stores than would be involved in larger [buys] from supermarkets .

‘ We were frantically busy , ’ said Lois Brown , manager of Waterstones in Royal Avenue , Belfast , ‘ and what we noticed was the rise in the number of people that were making purchases with credit cards .
‘ we were frantically busy , ’ said lois brown , manager of waterstones in royal avenue , belfast , ‘ and what we noticed was the rise in the number of people that were making [buys] with credit cards .

Payment for purchases from James Clarke ( Lutterworth Press .
payment for [buys] from james clarke ( lutterworth press .

The Administration Internal Cost Review team , led by Peel Park Admin Manager Allan King , examined ways of reducing costs in travel , catering , purchases of journals for the Library , etc .
the administration internal cost review team , led by peel park admin manager allan king , examined ways of reducing costs in travel , catering , [buys] of journals for the library , etc .

As reported in last year 's Annual Report , the most serious factor in relation to purchasing for 1989–90 , owing to Government 's failure to meet the cost of nationally-negotiated pay awards over recent years , was the need to divert purchasing funds to pay essential salary costs during the year , thereby causing substantial reductions in the purchases of printed books of all periods , as well as manuscripts , maps and music .
as reported in last year 's annual report , the most serious factor in relation to purchasing for 1989–90 , owing to government 's failure to meet the cost of nationally-negotiated pay awards over recent years , was the need to divert purchasing funds to pay essential salary costs during the year , thereby causing substantial reductions in the [buys] of printed books of all periods , as well as manuscripts , maps and music .

It is , therefore , particularly gratifying to be able to report that , in response to the case for maintaining the level of purchases made by the Library with the support of other Scottish research libraries , and users , both local and remote , Government agreed in December 1989 to restore substantially the level of the Library 's Purchase Grant in 1990–91 by allocating an additional £200,000 for purchases for the Library 's collections .
it is , therefore , particularly gratifying to be able to report that , in response to the case for maintaining the level of [buys] made by the library with the support of other scottish research libraries , and users , both local and remote , government agreed in december 1989 to restore substantially the level of the library 's purchase grant in 1990–91 by allocating an additional £200,000 for [buys] for the library 's collections .

This has been a particularly rich year for purchases of printed books of all periods .
this has been a particularly rich year for [buys] of printed books of all periods .

Among the more extensive purchases , the policy was continued of steadily augmenting holdings of the large historical music collections made available in the microfilm publications of Research Press .
among the more extensive [buys] , the policy was continued of steadily augmenting holdings of the large historical music collections made available in the microfilm publications of research press .

The increase in fixed assets reflects two major freehold property purchases during the year which took full advantage of the depressed property market .
the increase in fixed assets reflects two major freehold property [buys] during the year which took full advantage of the depressed property market .

Mott accepts that all hoteliers are governed by cost but emphasises that , as with most purchases , you get what you pay for .
mott accepts that all hoteliers are governed by cost but emphasises that , as with most [buys] , you get what you pay for .

Food and other purchases ( £794 million ) increased in line with the additional number of meals served .
food and other [buys] ( £794 million ) increased in line with the additional number of meals served .

The woman in the back , who was wildly diving amongst Rex 's purchases , was a different kettle of fish altogether .
the woman in the back , who was wildly diving amongst rex 's [buys] , was a different kettle of fish altogether .

‘ Can you manage all right there ? ’ Laura was scarcely visible beneath the better part of Rex 's purchases . ‘ Sure you did n't forget anything ? ’
‘ can you manage all right there ? ’ laura was scarcely visible beneath the better part of rex 's [buys] . ‘ sure you did n't forget anything ? ’

As my own research shows , local purchases in the export-oriented zones in Egypt , Mexico and China are very much less than in Ireland , perhaps in the region of 1 or 2 per cent ( Sklair , 1988c , 1989 , pp.197–202 , forthcoming ) .
as my own research shows , local [buys] in the export-oriented zones in egypt , mexico and china are very much less than in ireland , perhaps in the region of 1 or 2 per cent ( sklair , 1988c , 1989 , pp.197–202 , forthcoming ) .

Such peasant land purchases reflect the recognition of their rights in the land , subject to the fulfilment of obligation to their lords .
such peasant land [buys] reflect the recognition of their rights in the land , subject to the fulfilment of obligation to their lords .

The landed purchases had cost £13,855 and some 90 per cent of them had been made after 1420 .
the landed [buys] had cost £13,855 and some 90 per cent of them had been made after 1420 .

Answer guide : As the cost of the goods sold , especially with a small business , is often calculated by taking the opening stock plus purchases less closing stock , the effect would be to reduce the cost of sales figure and thereby increase profit .
answer guide : as the cost of the goods sold , especially with a small business , is often calculated by taking the opening stock plus [buys] less closing stock , the effect would be to reduce the cost of sales figure and thereby increase profit .

Both of these purchases were paid for immediately .
both of these [buys] were paid for immediately .

Made cash sales of £4,000 and purchases more raw materials again for cash amounting to £2,000 .
made cash sales of £4,000 and [buys] more raw materials again for cash amounting to £2,000 .

In the second year the summarized transactions of the business were as follows : Sales , all on credit £70,000 : Moneys received from debtors £62,000 : Purchases , all on credit £40,000 : Moneys paid to creditors £38,000 : Moneys introduced by new partner , Bob , £5,000 : Other Expenses incurred and paid £7,000 : Drawings by Susan £7,000 and by Bob £5,000 : Goods in stock at the end of the year £9,000 .
in the second year the summarized transactions of the business were as follows : sales , all on credit £70,000 : moneys received from debtors £62,000 : [buys] , all on credit £40,000 : moneys paid to creditors £38,000 : moneys introduced by new partner , bob , £5,000 : other expenses incurred and paid £7,000 : drawings by susan £7,000 and by bob £5,000 : goods in stock at the end of the year £9,000 .

The ingredient could be retained for other users thereby saving purchases of £34,000 less 25% [ £8,500 ] = £25,500 .
the ingredient could be retained for other users thereby saving [buys] of £34,000 less 25% [ £8,500 ] = £25,500 .

The stocks could be further processed saving purchases of £5,000 .
the stocks could be further processed saving [buys] of £5,000 .

In addition attention will also be given to having sufficient purchases to meet the demand of customers .
in addition attention will also be given to having sufficient [buys] to meet the demand of customers .

The firm receives two months credit on these purchases .
the firm receives two months credit on these [buys] .

The purchases for the 6 months to June l9X1 are :
the [buys] for the 6 months to june l9x1 are :

The firm could improve its trading cash flows by reducing the credit given to customers and delaying payment for purchases .
the firm could improve its trading cash flows by reducing the credit given to customers and delaying payment for [buys] .

Purchases budget in terms of components
[buys] budget in terms of components

Purchases budget in £
[buys] budget in £

Purchases budget in terms of components :
[buys] budget in terms of components :

Purchases budget in £ :
[buys] budget in £ :

The validity of the lower inherited capital stock argument ( which relies on bond purchases reducing current saving and hence investment ) is also called into question .
the validity of the lower inherited capital stock argument ( which relies on bond [buys] reducing current saving and hence investment ) is also called into question .

Most Russian aid to Cuba comes in the form of subsidised purchases of sugar , nickel and citrus fruit , and cheap sales of more oil than Cuba needs : it sells the surplus for hard currency .
most russian aid to cuba comes in the form of subsidised [buys] of sugar , nickel and citrus fruit , and cheap sales of more oil than cuba needs : it sells the surplus for hard currency .

It was believed that Japan had sought joint action which would have included purchases of yen for deutschmarks by the West German Bundesbank .
it was believed that japan had sought joint action which would have included [buys] of yen for deutschmarks by the west german bundesbank .

Inflation , shortages and fear of a currency devaluation led to massive purchases of gold , silver and jewellery late in 1989 .
inflation , shortages and fear of a currency devaluation led to massive [buys] of gold , silver and jewellery late in 1989 .

Arms purchases
arms [buys]

This is facilitated by the Stock Exchange Money Brokers ( SEMBs ) , described above in Section 3.2.4 , and enhances the ability of GEMMs to supply large amounts of stock on demand without having always to hold large inventories of stocks or without having to offset large sales by matching purchases in intra-market business .
this is facilitated by the stock exchange money brokers ( sembs ) , described above in section 3.2.4 , and enhances the ability of gemms to supply large amounts of stock on demand without having always to hold large inventories of stocks or without having to offset large sales by matching [buys] in intra-market business .

The Bank of England uses three principal techniques to relieve money market shortages : outright purchases of bills from the discount houses ; purchases of bills with associated resale agreements ; and lending to the market .
the bank of england uses three principal techniques to relieve money market shortages : outright [buys] of bills from the discount houses ; [buys] of bills with associated resale agreements ; and lending to the market .

Bills are classified as falling into one of four remaining ( rather than original ) maturity bands : Since May 1989 , the Bank normally purchases bills only in bands 1 and 2 .
bills are classified as falling into one of four remaining ( rather than original ) maturity bands : since may 1989 , the bank normally [buys] bills only in bands 1 and 2 .

During the course of the day the Bank 's objective will be to provide enough assistance to the money market ( through outright bill operations and the other techniques discussed below ) to relieve the overall expected shortage , but purchases of bills by the Bank at the early rounds of assistance during the course of the day might only account for a small proportion of the overall assistance provided , for four main reasons .
during the course of the day the bank 's objective will be to provide enough assistance to the money market ( through outright bill operations and the other techniques discussed below ) to relieve the overall expected shortage , but [buys] of bills by the bank at the early rounds of assistance during the course of the day might only account for a small proportion of the overall assistance provided , for four main reasons .

Purchase and resale agreements are occasionally used as an alternative to outright purchases .
purchase and resale agreements are occasionally used as an alternative to outright [buys] .

During the early and mid-1980s , there were persistent shortages in the money market and the Bank of England found itself regularly providing assistance to the market in the form of purchases of commercial bills .
during the early and mid-1980s , there were persistent shortages in the money market and the bank of england found itself regularly providing assistance to the market in the form of [buys] of commercial bills .

In the early 1980s when the policy of overfunding led to persistent money market shortages , the Bank 's bill mountain was criticised from the standpoint that it entailed the Bank acting essentially as a clearing bank , lending to the corporate sector ( albeit indirectly ) via its bill purchases .
in the early 1980s when the policy of overfunding led to persistent money market shortages , the bank 's bill mountain was criticised from the standpoint that it entailed the bank acting essentially as a clearing bank , lending to the corporate sector ( albeit indirectly ) via its bill [buys] .

For example , the German authorities in the 1960s sought to offset upward pressure on the deutschmark ; as a result they took a relaxed view of the development of a foreign deutschmark bond market and German residents ' purchases ( which entailed a capital outflow ) .
for example , the german authorities in the 1960s sought to offset upward pressure on the deutschmark ; as a result they took a relaxed view of the development of a foreign deutschmark bond market and german residents ' [buys] ( which entailed a capital outflow ) .

It may be inadvisable to disclose some information in the information memorandum such as the names of major customers and suppliers in the analyses of sales and purchases .
it may be inadvisable to disclose some information in the information memorandum such as the names of major customers and suppliers in the analyses of sales and [buys] .

Purchases and vendor 's tax positions vis a vis capital , income , losses carried forward etc .
[buys] and vendor 's tax positions vis a vis capital , income , losses carried forward etc .

informing the purchases of the forms and content of the presentation .
informing the [buys] of the forms and content of the presentation .

The growing popularity of British purchases of French housing is clear from weekend newspaper adverts , specialist magazines and estate agents for this market and , in France , the emergence of ‘ agences immobilieres ’ to respond to this demand .
the growing popularity of british [buys] of french housing is clear from weekend newspaper adverts , specialist magazines and estate agents for this market and , in france , the emergence of ‘ agences immobilieres ’ to respond to this demand .

Journalists have made various estimates of the extent of British purchases , but the geographical spread ( of buyers and purchases ) and processes of house acquisition are little understood .
journalists have made various estimates of the extent of british [buys] , but the geographical spread ( of buyers and [buys] ) and processes of house acquisition are little understood .

Drink : No money changes hands for drinks or , in fact , any purchases on board .
drink : no money changes hands for drinks or , in fact , any [buys] on board .

The Department of Health was alerted last year when it was revealed that the mother of one child , aged just two and a half , had made purchases without prescription from Mr O'Reilly 's pharmacy .
the department of health was alerted last year when it was revealed that the mother of one child , aged just two and a half , had made [buys] without prescription from mr o'reilly 's pharmacy .

This would not apply , for instance , to reference use of the library , where public use qualifies us for a discount on book purchases , but would apply for , say , postal loans of slides , commercial enquiries , online searches , photocopies and so on , where such services would use staff time and involve paying for resources which we would not otherwise have to buy in .
this would not apply , for instance , to reference use of the library , where public use qualifies us for a discount on book [buys] , but would apply for , say , postal loans of slides , commercial enquiries , online searches , photocopies and so on , where such services would use staff time and involve paying for resources which we would not otherwise have to buy in .

The Regius Keeper should appoint a Committee which would review the collection , recommend new purchases , and supervise hanging .
the regius keeper should appoint a committee which would review the collection , recommend new [buys] , and supervise hanging .

Library Purchases for other Departments , 1991/92
library [buys] for other departments , 1991/92

The library thus grew very slowly until the mid-nineteenth century , when the Treasury injected additional funding for book purchases , and the Botanical Society of Edinburgh ( now the Botanical Society of Scotland ) very generously donated its library of one thousand volumes of books and journals .
the library thus grew very slowly until the mid-nineteenth century , when the treasury injected additional funding for book [buys] , and the botanical society of edinburgh ( now the botanical society of scotland ) very generously donated its library of one thousand volumes of books and journals .

At a certain counter Mrs Burrows needed Joyce 's opinion on some purchases .
at a certain counter mrs burrows needed joyce 's opinion on some [buys] .

This helps explain why purchases of shares , paintings or antiques , although often termed ‘ investments ’ in everyday speech , are not regarded as such in the Accounts .
this helps explain why [buys] of shares , paintings or antiques , although often termed ‘ investments ’ in everyday speech , are not regarded as such in the accounts .

Leasing is a system whereby a financial institution purchases a piece of equipment and leases it back to the company , which then has the use of equipment it has not had to purchase .
leasing is a system whereby a financial institution [buys] a piece of equipment and leases it back to the company , which then has the use of equipment it has not had to purchase .

It is now firmly established that a company ( or indeed a partnership or sole trader ) definitely can make purchases other than in the course of its business .
it is now firmly established that a company ( or indeed a partnership or sole trader ) definitely can make [buys] other than in the course of its business .

Where the purchase is merely incidental to the business , the purchase is not made ‘ in the course of ’ the business unless it is integral to the business and it will not be an integral part of the business unless the business makes purchases of that type with a degree of regularity .
where the purchase is merely incidental to the business , the purchase is not made ‘ in the course of ’ the business unless it is integral to the business and it will not be an integral part of the business unless the business makes [buys] of that type with a degree of regularity .

In order that they may collect evidence , the Act empowers them to make test purchases , to enter premises and to inspect and seize goods .
in order that they may collect evidence , the act empowers them to make test [buys] , to enter premises and to inspect and seize goods .

Meanwhile It girls continued to ‘ show their pretty faces ’ in the paper , and brandish candles , bananas , and transparent dresses ‘ designed by two local tripped-out chicks ’ and suggested as purchases for ‘ your psychedelic mistress ’ .
meanwhile it girls continued to ‘ show their pretty faces ’ in the paper , and brandish candles , bananas , and transparent dresses ‘ designed by two local tripped-out chicks ’ and suggested as [buys] for ‘ your psychedelic mistress ’ .

You would be involved in a very wide range of transactions , and work with such items as : — the supply of goods or services , sales , purchases , leases or mortgages , acquisitions or mergers , co-operation agreements for research , production , distribution or marketing , syndicated transactions and joint ventures of all kinds .
you would be involved in a very wide range of transactions , and work with such items as : — the supply of goods or services , sales , [buys] , leases or mortgages , acquisitions or mergers , co-operation agreements for research , production , distribution or marketing , syndicated transactions and joint ventures of all kinds .

Thus , for example , Waterstones in Belfast found that the newly opened bargain bookshops , like the increasing number of non-traditional outlets in the city now stocking books , tended to cater for members of the public who were not regular book buyers or to those making one-off purchases : ‘ They do not therefore have a serious impact on larger traditional bookshops .
thus , for example , waterstones in belfast found that the newly opened bargain bookshops , like the increasing number of non-traditional outlets in the city now stocking books , tended to cater for members of the public who were not regular book buyers or to those making one-off [buys] : ‘ they do not therefore have a serious impact on larger traditional bookshops .

An order of this nature will demand purchases of materials greater than before and probably take longer to fulfil .
an order of this nature will demand [buys] of materials greater than before and probably take longer to fulfil .

He purchases goods for £200 cash .
he [buys] goods for £200 cash .

He purchases goods for £600 cash .
he [buys] goods for £600 cash .

He purchases £300 worth of goods from Smith on credit .
he [buys] £300 worth of goods from smith on credit .

‘ That the Company be and is hereby generally and unconditionally authorised in accordance with Section 166 of the Companies Act 1985 to make market purchases ( within the meaning of Section 163 of the said Act ) of Ordinary Shares of 25p each in the capital of the Company ( ‘ shares ’ ) provided that :
‘ that the company be and is hereby generally and unconditionally authorised in accordance with section 166 of the companies act 1985 to make market [buys] ( within the meaning of section 163 of the said act ) of ordinary shares of 25p each in the capital of the company ( ‘ shares ’ ) provided that :

Collections can be displayed and made into a decorative asset , and if you are a serious collector you can use the room as a quiet retreat to pursue your hobby , cleaning or mending plates , checking hallmarks on silver , valuing new purchases from relevant text books , cataloguing details-whatever might be involved in your particular field .
collections can be displayed and made into a decorative asset , and if you are a serious collector you can use the room as a quiet retreat to pursue your hobby , cleaning or mending plates , checking hallmarks on silver , valuing new [buys] from relevant text books , cataloguing details-whatever might be involved in your particular field .

Another hour and her new image was almost complete . She 'd bought an array of stylish cosmetics , received a free lesson on how to apply all her expensive purchases from one of the white-coated assistants in the department store , bought shoes and bags and accessories , flashed her friendly credit card until she thought the plastic might melt from overuse — and now the finishing and most dramatic change of all !
another hour and her new image was almost complete . she 'd bought an array of stylish cosmetics , received a free lesson on how to apply all her expensive [buys] from one of the white-coated assistants in the department store , bought shoes and bags and accessories , flashed her friendly credit card until she thought the plastic might melt from overuse — and now the finishing and most dramatic change of all !

Knowing nothing at all about the actions of other consumers and producers , each consumer will automatically ensure that the last film he or she purchases yields twice as much utility as the last meal purchased .
knowing nothing at all about the actions of other consumers and producers , each consumer will automatically ensure that the last film he or she [buys] yields twice as much utility as the last meal purchased .

Otherwise that consumer could rearrange purchases out of a given income to make himself or herself better off .
otherwise that consumer could rearrange [buys] out of a given income to make himself or herself better off .

In industrialized economies , government revenues come mainly from direct taxes on personal incomes and company profits , indirect taxes on purchases of goods and services , and contributions to state-run social security schemes .
in industrialized economies , government revenues come mainly from direct taxes on personal incomes and company profits , indirect taxes on [buys] of goods and services , and contributions to state-run social security schemes .

Who was going to check on these hundreds , all bent on getting home with their purchases , or the profits of their sales ?
who was going to check on these hundreds , all bent on getting home with their [buys] , or the profits of their sales ?

In spite of being almost tethered to Marguerite , Jenna enjoyed the trip and was rewarded later by being instructed in the cooking of some of the purchases .
in spite of being almost tethered to marguerite , jenna enjoyed the trip and was rewarded later by being instructed in the cooking of some of the [buys] .

When they left the hospital he studied Ling 's list , and within a short time the purchases had been made , the sausages being stored in a coolbox to keep them cool .
when they left the hospital he studied ling 's list , and within a short time the [buys] had been made , the sausages being stored in a coolbox to keep them cool .

What the people of Sherwood and many others want to know is why National Power and PowerGen have not reflected those bargain purchases from British Coal in lower electricity prices .
what the people of sherwood and many others want to know is why national power and powergen have not reflected those bargain [buys] from british coal in lower electricity prices .

Similarly , he has the rights and obligations of a buyer as against the person from whom he purchases his raw materials .
similarly , he has the rights and obligations of a buyer as against the person from whom he [buys] his raw materials .

Similarly , most contracts made in supermarkets are purchases of specific goods .
similarly , most contracts made in supermarkets are [buys] of specific goods .

Anyone who after time purchases goods from the defendant therefore runs the risk of having them seized by the sheriff .
anyone who after time [buys] goods from the defendant therefore runs the risk of having them seized by the sheriff .

The technology is hierarchical , with the manufacturer producing his output using labour alone ( c m per unit ) and the retailer — the second stage — using in fixed proportions purchases from the manufacturing sector and labour ( c r per unit ) .
the technology is hierarchical , with the manufacturer producing his output using labour alone ( c m per unit ) and the retailer — the second stage — using in fixed proportions [buys] from the manufacturing sector and labour ( c r per unit ) .

This would be true if there are more purchases of dollars by risk-averse buyers in the forward market than sales by risk-averse sellers .
this would be true if there are more [buys] of dollars by risk-averse buyers in the forward market than sales by risk-averse sellers .

This is because the change in the stock in the current quarter ( ) consists of revaluations ( which are a function of the change in asset prices over the quarter ) and new purchases which are a function of expected gains from the time of purchase rather than simply from the end of the current quarter .
this is because the change in the stock in the current quarter ( ) consists of revaluations ( which are a function of the change in asset prices over the quarter ) and new [buys] which are a function of expected gains from the time of purchase rather than simply from the end of the current quarter .

Until the early 1980s , societies commonly restricted their lending on individual purchases to 85 per cent of the estimated value of the property .
until the early 1980s , societies commonly restricted their lending on individual [buys] to 85 per cent of the estimated value of the property .

In addition , the rate of acquisition of unit trusts increased sharply in the mid-1980s : purchases were worth 2.7bn in 1987 .
in addition , the rate of acquisition of unit trusts increased sharply in the mid-1980s : [buys] were worth 2.7bn in 1987 .

In return , the Bank has guaranteed always to provide funds to the houses if , either as a result of these purchases or as a result of the rest of the monetary sector demanding repayment , the houses should find themselves short .
in return , the bank has guaranteed always to provide funds to the houses if , either as a result of these [buys] or as a result of the rest of the monetary sector demanding repayment , the houses should find themselves short .

Other customers arrived , made their purchases and left .
other customers arrived , made their [buys] and left .

Then they loaded the purchases into the car , and went with free hands to view the delectable older parts of Comerbourne .
then they loaded the [buys] into the car , and went with free hands to view the delectable older parts of comerbourne .

The procedures which voluntary bodies like ourselves have to follow to obtain small amounts of funding are so intimidating that one wonders whether the effort is worth while , because funding is only the beginning — we have to organise the supply of materials , hire or loan of equipment , payment for purchases , as well as getting the volunteers on and off site and ensuring the work is carried out properly .
the procedures which voluntary bodies like ourselves have to follow to obtain small amounts of funding are so intimidating that one wonders whether the effort is worth while , because funding is only the beginning — we have to organise the supply of materials , hire or loan of equipment , payment for [buys] , as well as getting the volunteers on and off site and ensuring the work is carried out properly .

Our revered Pensions Guru of the region entertains , photographs , talks pensions and purchases yet another round of drinks in the Rovers Return .
our revered pensions guru of the region entertains , photographs , talks pensions and [buys] yet another round of drinks in the rovers return .

However , this was more than counterbalanced by the amount of matériel and troops shipped to the Nationalists by Germany , Italy and Portugal ; by the British and French prohibition on the sale of arms to the Republic ; and by the fact that many of the Soviet arms purchases never reached the Republic because they were destroyed in transit by enemy action or were retained in France .
however , this was more than counterbalanced by the amount of matériel and troops shipped to the nationalists by germany , italy and portugal ; by the british and french prohibition on the sale of arms to the republic ; and by the fact that many of the soviet arms [buys] never reached the republic because they were destroyed in transit by enemy action or were retained in france .

Subject to budgetary restraints , suggestions for book purchases are always welcome .
subject to budgetary restraints , suggestions for book [buys] are always welcome .

At the centre of the package was an extra 8,600,000 million yen of public investment , including road and airport construction and government land purchases .
at the centre of the package was an extra 8,600,000 million yen of public investment , including road and airport construction and government land [buys] .

Report on Middle East arms purchases
report on middle east arms [buys]

Japanese car manufacturers promised to increase purchases of US-made components from $ 7,000 million in fiscal 1990 to $ 15,000 million by fiscal 1994 .
japanese car manufacturers promised to increase [buys] of us-made components from $ 7,000 million in fiscal 1990 to $ 15,000 million by fiscal 1994 .

Byelarus ( on Jan. 3 ) and Ukraine introduced coupon systems for paying for some purchases [ see p. 38732 ] .
byelarus ( on jan. 3 ) and ukraine introduced coupon systems for paying for some [buys] [ see p. 38732 ] .

Government expenditure was to be cut severely , including a 7 @ 1/2-fold cut in arms purchases .
government expenditure was to be cut severely , including a 7 @ 1/2-fold cut in arms [buys] .

The land purchases had been made — from a number of companies and at apparently inflated prices — in February-May 1990 in the San Sebastián de los Reyes area of Madrid .
the land [buys] had been made — from a number of companies and at apparently inflated prices — in february-may 1990 in the san sebastián de los reyes area of madrid .

Poland and the Russian Federation signed a trade agreement on Sept. 4 to bridge the gap caused by a sharp fall in exports to the Soviet Union , formerly Poland 's main customer until the two countries began trading in hard currency in January and the Soviet side was unable to pay for most of its purchases .
poland and the russian federation signed a trade agreement on sept. 4 to bridge the gap caused by a sharp fall in exports to the soviet union , formerly poland 's main customer until the two countries began trading in hard currency in january and the soviet side was unable to pay for most of its [buys] .

In addition , a 10 per cent tax was to be charged on purchases of new private aircraft over $ 250,000 , boats above $ 100,000 , automobiles above $ 30,000 , and furs and jewellery above $ 10,000 .
in addition , a 10 per cent tax was to be charged on [buys] of new private aircraft over $ 250,000 , boats above $ 100,000 , automobiles above $ 30,000 , and furs and jewellery above $ 10,000 .

Mehta claimed that the Reserve Bank of India ( central bank ) , had been `` fully cognisant `` of his dealings , which involved the use of bankers ' receipts as collateral to fund share purchases in Bombay 's stock market .
mehta claimed that the reserve bank of india ( central bank ) , had been `` fully cognisant `` of his dealings , which involved the use of bankers ' receipts as collateral to fund share [buys] in bombay 's stock market .

Ukraine planned to introduce its own circulating coupons for food and essential goods purchases if Russia failed to deliver extra roubles to safeguard Ukraine against the freeing of consumer prices in Russia from Jan. 2 ( a measure already delayed by two weeks ) .
ukraine planned to introduce its own circulating coupons for food and essential goods [buys] if russia failed to deliver extra roubles to safeguard ukraine against the freeing of consumer prices in russia from jan. 2 ( a measure already delayed by two weeks ) .

New documents released in early December 1991 , however , showed that another of his personal assistants , Masao Matsumoto , was also involved in share purchases .
new documents released in early december 1991 , however , showed that another of his personal assistants , masao matsumoto , was also involved in share [buys] .

Further reports of nuclear weapons purchases
further reports of nuclear weapons [buys]

James purchases a tin of baked beans from Megastores .
james [buys] a tin of baked beans from megastores .

Similar in effect is Le Bouchier d'Abeville , with his sexual purchases with the stolen sheepskin .
similar in effect is le bouchier d'abeville , with his sexual [buys] with the stolen sheepskin .

At the end of the tale , the wife underlines this aspect of the merchant 's lifestyle by suggesting that her spending on clothing serves the same purpose : This understanding provides a fundamentally important gloss to the moot , `` must `` , of the lines spoken , apparently by a female speaker , very early on in the Shipman 's Tale : Both the merchant and the monk in the tale operate by borrowing money on credit in order to make profitable purchases .
at the end of the tale , the wife underlines this aspect of the merchant 's lifestyle by suggesting that her spending on clothing serves the same purpose : this understanding provides a fundamentally important gloss to the moot , `` must `` , of the lines spoken , apparently by a female speaker , very early on in the shipman 's tale : both the merchant and the monk in the tale operate by borrowing money on credit in order to make profitable [buys] .

Replacement markets for many manufactured goods mean that consumers can postpone purchases more easily .
replacement markets for many manufactured goods mean that consumers can postpone [buys] more easily .

And there are some properties producing rent , though not many , because the group 's business is in speculative purchases of property to sell at a profit — it 's not a property company in the sense of owning blocks of officer or flats to rent .
and there are some properties producing rent , though not many , because the group 's business is in speculative [buys] of property to sell at a profit — it 's not a property company in the sense of owning blocks of officer or flats to rent .

During the year under review , and between the year end and 17 March 1993 , the Company has made no purchases of its own shares .
during the year under review , and between the year end and 17 march 1993 , the company has made no [buys] of its own shares .

The Trust will from time to time make market purchases of shares in the Company and make grants of the shares to such employees , funded by loans or grants from the Company .
the trust will from time to time make market [buys] of shares in the company and make grants of the shares to such employees , funded by loans or grants from the company .

sold ) by the investor , commission is usually charged at half the rate of that for purchases .
sold ) by the investor , commission is usually charged at half the rate of that for [buys] .

In the financial year 1985–86 the gross sale of gilt-edged stock amounted to 11.9 billion of which 6.5 billion was accounted for by funding redemptions and official purchases of stock nearing maturity .
in the financial year 1985–86 the gross sale of gilt-edged stock amounted to 11.9 billion of which 6.5 billion was accounted for by funding redemptions and official [buys] of stock nearing maturity .

She was back at her car , stowing her purchases , when someone called her name .
she was back at her car , stowing her [buys] , when someone called her name .

Melissa stowed her purchases in her shopping bag and picked up her change .
melissa stowed her [buys] in her shopping bag and picked up her change .

To illustrate , consider an investor who purchases a 91-day bill 10 days after issue at a rate of discount of 10 per cent and sells it 7 days later at the same rate of discount .
to illustrate , consider an investor who [buys] a 91-day bill 10 days after issue at a rate of discount of 10 per cent and sells it 7 days later at the same rate of discount .

An order of this nature will demand purchases of materials greater than before and probably take longer to fulfil .
an order of this nature will demand [buys] of materials greater than before and probably take longer to fulfil .

In Glasgow , Fazzi Brothers ' Caffe-Bar , adjoining the Cambridge Street branch of the family 's 70-year-old delicatessen business , fits in nicely with the Glaswegian notion of la dolce vita : sparky but unhurried conversation , compulsive people-watching , searching critiques of the nearby Sauchiehall Street shoe shops , and comparative study of each other 's purchases , all washed down with copious amounts of coffee and a plate of voluptuous cakes .
in glasgow , fazzi brothers ' caffe-bar , adjoining the cambridge street branch of the family 's 70-year-old delicatessen business , fits in nicely with the glaswegian notion of la dolce vita : sparky but unhurried conversation , compulsive people-watching , searching critiques of the nearby sauchiehall street shoe shops , and comparative study of each other 's [buys] , all washed down with copious amounts of coffee and a plate of voluptuous cakes .

News of the purchases came as Sydney Mason , chairman , announced a 21 p.c .
news of the [buys] came as sydney mason , chairman , announced a 21 p.c .

Last year a bonanza of foreign capital attracted by interest rates of more than 18 p.c. poured $6 billion into Portugal , equivalent to 8 p.c. of gross domestic product , and forced the country to slam on the brakes and restrict foreign purchases of escudo investments .
last year a bonanza of foreign capital attracted by interest rates of more than 18 p.c. poured $6 billion into portugal , equivalent to 8 p.c. of gross domestic product , and forced the country to slam on the brakes and restrict foreign [buys] of escudo investments .

Atlas Converting Equipment jumped 60 to 585p , buoyed by some directors ' share purchases .
atlas converting equipment jumped 60 to 585p , buoyed by some directors ' share [buys] .

At the end of last year Hong Kong 's fledgling Securities and Futures Commission started looking into share purchases by Connaught Investors , part of the Jardine empire .
at the end of last year hong kong 's fledgling securities and futures commission started looking into share [buys] by connaught investors , part of the jardine empire .

The uranium industry in South Africa , the world 's biggest exporter , was reported to be on the ‘ brink of collapse ’ as electricity generating companies ran down stocks and cut purchases .
the uranium industry in south africa , the world 's biggest exporter , was reported to be on the ‘ brink of collapse ’ as electricity generating companies ran down stocks and cut [buys] .

For example , annual purchases of ammunition seem likely , by the mid-1990s , to be at least 25 % down on 1989 levels .
for example , annual [buys] of ammunition seem likely , by the mid-1990s , to be at least 25 % down on 1989 levels .

The Metropolitan 's first move in this case was to invoke the statute of limitations to block Turkey 's demand for the return of antiquities acquired by the museum through gifts and purchases about 20 years ago .
the metropolitan 's first move in this case was to invoke the statute of limitations to block turkey 's demand for the return of antiquities acquired by the museum through gifts and [buys] about 20 years ago .

Locally produced sales by American firms in Japan , however , do not count as exports , nor do their local purchases of inputs count as imports .
locally produced sales by american firms in japan , however , do not count as exports , nor do their local [buys] of inputs count as imports .

If America 's ‘ trade ’ balance is measured on the basis of nationality of ownership rather than residency ( ie , adding the sales , net of local purchases , of overseas subsidiaries to the recorded trade balance and deducting all intra-firm flows to avoid double counting ) , then in 1986 America 's recorded visible-trade deficit of $ 144 billion is transformed into a $ 57 billion surplus .
if america 's ‘ trade ’ balance is measured on the basis of nationality of ownership rather than residency ( ie , adding the sales , net of local [buys] , of overseas subsidiaries to the recorded trade balance and deducting all intra-firm flows to avoid double counting ) , then in 1986 america 's recorded visible-trade deficit of $ 144 billion is transformed into a $ 57 billion surplus .

The downturn in the tyre industry hit rubber prices , which fell to a four-year low in Asia , despite purchases for the buffer stock and by the American government for its defence stockpile .
the downturn in the tyre industry hit rubber prices , which fell to a four-year low in asia , despite [buys] for the buffer stock and by the american government for its defence stockpile .

Even so , the Japanese government 's Fair Trade Commission reckons that the average firm even within the former zaibatsu relies on other group members for only 13 % of purchases and 15 % of sales .
even so , the japanese government 's fair trade commission reckons that the average firm even within the former zaibatsu relies on other group members for only 13 % of [buys] and 15 % of sales .

In America , which accounts for a third of all luxury purchases , shares of Tiffany & Co. , an upper-crust jeweller and a weathervane of the industry , fell on news of disappointing sales .
in america , which accounts for a third of all luxury [buys] , shares of tiffany & co. , an upper-crust jeweller and a weathervane of the industry , fell on news of disappointing sales .

The ability of a bigger bank to absorb a smaller one into its systems is a main reason why purchases of smaller banks bring up to three times bigger savings than mergers of equals .
the ability of a bigger bank to absorb a smaller one into its systems is a main reason why [buys] of smaller banks bring up to three times bigger savings than mergers of equals .

Mrs Marcos — improbably described by her lawyer as ‘ a small , fragile woman ’ — is accused of fraud in connection with her purchases of property in New York .
mrs marcos — improbably described by her lawyer as ‘ a small , fragile woman ’ — is accused of fraud in connection with her [buys] of property in new york .

The other reversal of the 1980s was that banks accelerated their purchases of equities .
the other reversal of the 1980s was that banks accelerated their [buys] of equities .

The car market has been similarly hit by deferred purchases : car sales in April this year were down 24 % on April 1990 .
the car market has been similarly hit by deferred [buys] : car sales in april this year were down 24 % on april 1990 .

Mr Murdoch 's empire recently admitted that mounting debts were taking a toll of its finances — an admission which analysts interpreted as a sign that the group , which owns five British national newspapers , would not be making any purchases for the time being .
mr murdoch 's empire recently admitted that mounting debts were taking a toll of its finances — an admission which analysts interpreted as a sign that the group , which owns five british national newspapers , would not be making any [buys] for the time being .

Tiphook , which yesterday unveiled a 124 per cent increase in half year profits to £10million , hopes the court will block SeaCo 's purchases of its own shares .
tiphook , which yesterday unveiled a 124 per cent increase in half year profits to £10million , hopes the court will block seaco 's [buys] of its own shares .

The disclosure has led to the closure of the nursery -but the stock could only be sold for £26,246 because most growers had made their seasonal purchases .
the disclosure has led to the closure of the nursery -but the stock could only be sold for £26,246 because most growers had made their seasonal [buys] .

Again , there is no charge for purchases other than paying an exchange rate 2 p.c .
again , there is no charge for [buys] other than paying an exchange rate 2 p.c .

The charge is 10p per £10 on sales of less than £100 , rising to £1 on sales — purchases not exceeding £250 and 50p for every subsequent £125 transaction .
the charge is 10p per £10 on sales of less than £100 , rising to £1 on sales — [buys] not exceeding £250 and 50p for every subsequent £125 transaction .

Order travellers cheques from your bank to cover the majority of your requirements , taking only a modest amount of foreign currency and sterling to cover purchases en route .
order travellers cheques from your bank to cover the majority of your requirements , taking only a modest amount of foreign currency and sterling to cover [buys] en route .

If you take our recommended holiday insurance with the Eagle Star group and your baggage is not delivered within 12 hours from the time of arrival at your holiday destination due to delay or misdirection in delivery , you are covered up to £100 for essential purchases .
if you take our recommended holiday insurance with the eagle star group and your baggage is not delivered within 12 hours from the time of arrival at your holiday destination due to delay or misdirection in delivery , you are covered up to £100 for essential [buys] .

By now £4,500 was promised and it was formally moved that the venture be proceeded with ( the land purchases were already in hand ) .
by now £4,500 was promised and it was formally moved that the venture be proceeded with ( the land [buys] were already in hand ) .

Prudent housekeeping kept purchases down to one horse ( £10 ) , a hay mower , some tools , and a box number advertisement in The Times seeking new member and which was moderately successful .
prudent housekeeping kept [buys] down to one horse ( £10 ) , a hay mower , some tools , and a box number advertisement in the times seeking new member and which was moderately successful .

We are very sympathetic to Auction purchases regardless of the somewhat daunting differences from that of a Private Treaty sale .
we are very sympathetic to auction [buys] regardless of the somewhat daunting differences from that of a private treaty sale .

Your investment purchases units that are linked to the Performance Fund .
your investment [buys] units that are linked to the performance fund .

NatWest has a flexible approach so that loans are also available for other purchases that you may have in mind , whether for furnishings , Hi-Fi , other domestic equipment , a new car , or a holiday to get away from it all .
natwest has a flexible approach so that loans are also available for other [buys] that you may have in mind , whether for furnishings , hi-fi , other domestic equipment , a new car , or a holiday to get away from it all .

One in every four purchases from your local chemist contains compounds derived from rainforest species .
one in every four [buys] from your local chemist contains compounds derived from rainforest species .

It was submitted that an owner can not turn his back on his property because when he purchases and takes on the responsibility of letting , he knows the property will in the course of time deteriorate .
it was submitted that an owner can not turn his back on his property because when he [buys] and takes on the responsibility of letting , he knows the property will in the course of time deteriorate .

Faced with a demand that could no longer be met , the Moscow city fathers 10 days ago limited purchases to one item per person .
faced with a demand that could no longer be met , the moscow city fathers 10 days ago limited [buys] to one item per person .

Some museums have prudently kept a collection of mistaken purchases , and even bought some forgeries deliberately .
some museums have prudently kept a collection of mistaken [buys] , and even bought some forgeries deliberately .

It is obvious that before the sample was obtained another form of natural selection had been in progress : earlier purchases by the public and by the booksellers themselves .
it is obvious that before the sample was obtained another form of natural selection had been in progress : earlier [buys] by the public and by the booksellers themselves .

No doubt he had in mind Sheffield 's recently announced decision to stop all book purchases as a response to the ‘ cuts ’ .
no doubt he had in mind sheffield 's recently announced decision to stop all book [buys] as a response to the ‘ cuts ’ .

Luck was on Mr Bond 's side that time , reaping more than $ 5 million from a decision by the Western Australian Government to pay out $ 13million to cover land purchases in 1975 .
luck was on mr bond 's side that time , reaping more than $ 5 million from a decision by the western australian government to pay out $ 13million to cover land [buys] in 1975 .

And if retailers do indeed start charging less for cash purchases than for those bought on credit cards , ensure that this is precisely what they are doing and not merely surcharging credit card users .
and if retailers do indeed start charging less for cash [buys] than for those bought on credit cards , ensure that this is precisely what they are doing and not merely surcharging credit card users .

It is difficult to imagine that there will be a return to the status quo ante regarding the closed shop , trade union immunities and pre-strike ballots , the right of council house tenants to buy their own homes ( over a million former council tenants have made such purchases ) , and the position of former nationalized industries .
it is difficult to imagine that there will be a return to the status quo ante regarding the closed shop , trade union immunities and pre-strike ballots , the right of council house tenants to buy their own homes ( over a million former council tenants have made such [buys] ) , and the position of former nationalized industries .

Undoubtedly it would appear to be more sensible in the longer term for cattle numbers to be limited to those which can be sustained on the winter fodder production capabilities of the farms so as to eliminate fodder purchases .
undoubtedly it would appear to be more sensible in the longer term for cattle numbers to be limited to those which can be sustained on the winter fodder production capabilities of the farms so as to eliminate fodder [buys] .

Market estimates for yesterday 's intervention put the Bank 's purchases of pounds as high as $ 500m , and there were indications that the authorities may have intervened to a similar extent the day before , when sterling fell almost 6 pfennigs .
market estimates for yesterday 's intervention put the bank 's [buys] of pounds as high as $ 500m , and there were indications that the authorities may have intervened to a similar extent the day before , when sterling fell almost 6 pfennigs .

The flock has been closed to females since 1980 and the Martins still deliberate long and hard over future stock sire purchases , which usually involve an inspection of the sire and dam beforehand .
the flock has been closed to females since 1980 and the martins still deliberate long and hard over future stock sire [buys] , which usually involve an inspection of the sire and dam beforehand .

When you go to choose your seed , take your time and avoid rash purchases .
when you go to choose your seed , take your time and avoid rash [buys] .

Few buyers in any event fully realise the extent of their cleaning materials purchases as the various items are distributed amongst diverse cost centres and attributed budgets .
few buyers in any event fully realise the extent of their cleaning materials [buys] as the various items are distributed amongst diverse cost centres and attributed budgets .

It makes unarguable sense to concentrate materials purchases as much as is commercially desirable and to obtain supplies from as few sources as possible .
it makes unarguable sense to concentrate materials [buys] as much as is commercially desirable and to obtain supplies from as few sources as possible .

Then the immigrant purchases a large tract of land , and farms it without any expenditure on soil conservation , often without chemical or organic fertiliser , until yields have declined and degradation or erosion has set in .
then the immigrant [buys] a large tract of land , and farms it without any expenditure on soil conservation , often without chemical or organic fertiliser , until yields have declined and degradation or erosion has set in .

In most cases the landlord is also the commission agent who purchases produce wholesale and either auctions it in the local market or arranges for it to be boxed and exported to Amman , an operation which requires friendly relations with the authorities in Amman .
in most cases the landlord is also the commission agent who [buys] produce wholesale and either auctions it in the local market or arranges for it to be boxed and exported to amman , an operation which requires friendly relations with the authorities in amman .

You can either reproduce it in its entirety ; adapt and expand it to accommodate your impulse purchases ; or simply extract from it , to put into other planting schemes , the plants that take your fancy .
you can either reproduce it in its entirety ; adapt and expand it to accommodate your impulse [buys] ; or simply extract from it , to put into other planting schemes , the plants that take your fancy .

The revival in borrowing was concentrated on credit cards , suggesting that consumers are stepping up purchases of everyday items but are still reluctant to take on debt to finance household durables and cars .
the revival in borrowing was concentrated on credit cards , suggesting that consumers are stepping up [buys] of everyday items but are still reluctant to take on debt to finance household durables and cars .

Up to one million purchases are estimated to have been delayed during the last three years because of the sluggish market .
up to one million [buys] are estimated to have been delayed during the last three years because of the sluggish market .

First-time buyers ' purchases have halved since the last general election — which means that the existing owners who would have sold to them can not move either .
first-time buyers ' [buys] have halved since the last general election — which means that the existing owners who would have sold to them can not move either .

Last December the government attempted to boost the housing market by scrapping stamp duty from most house purchases for the first eight months of this year .
last december the government attempted to boost the housing market by scrapping stamp duty from most house [buys] for the first eight months of this year .

There will be no hasty purchases , as Tony is determined to keep a focus on the chain 's niche market , which he describes as the top end of the traditional ale market .
there will be no hasty [buys] , as tony is determined to keep a focus on the chain 's niche market , which he describes as the top end of the traditional ale market .

The purchases , together with the remedial action , should ensure that Martin Craddock , chairman and chief executive , can at least match analysts ' forecasts of £1.8m pre-tax when he reports on the 1989-90 year .
the [buys] , together with the remedial action , should ensure that martin craddock , chairman and chief executive , can at least match analysts ' forecasts of £1.8m pre-tax when he reports on the 1989-90 year .

Most owner-managers expected to finance all or part of their purchases from within the firm .
most owner-managers expected to finance all or part of their [buys] from within the firm .

Unit trust experts are mystified why this discrepancy should have taken so long to identify and the role of the trustees , Midland Bank and Coutts , who are supposed to hold the assets and keep a check on the sales and purchases .
unit trust experts are mystified why this discrepancy should have taken so long to identify and the role of the trustees , midland bank and coutts , who are supposed to hold the assets and keep a check on the sales and [buys] .

Unit trust experts are mystified why this discrepancy should have taken so long to identify and the role of the trustees , Midland Bank and Coutts , who are supposed to hold the assets and keep a check on the sales and purchases .
unit trust experts are mystified why this discrepancy should have taken so long to identify and the role of the trustees , midland bank and coutts , who are supposed to hold the assets and keep a check on the sales and [buys] .

Attempts by Temple to have the plan and purchases of SeaCo shares by the group 's subsidiaries ruled illegal have so far failed in the Bermudan courts .
attempts by temple to have the plan and [buys] of seaco shares by the group 's subsidiaries ruled illegal have so far failed in the bermudan courts .

That sum may seem like a lot of lei ( the Romanian currency that purchases next to nothing abroad ) but it still left the Romanians treading a financial tightrope .
that sum may seem like a lot of lei ( the romanian currency that [buys] next to nothing abroad ) but it still left the romanians treading a financial tightrope .

At the moment Russia 's economy is quite incapable of producing the goods that ordinary people want and falling oil revenues preclude any large-scale purchases of foreign expertise .
at the moment russia 's economy is quite incapable of producing the goods that ordinary people want and falling oil revenues preclude any large-scale [buys] of foreign expertise .

This increase was at an annual rate of 10 per cent between 1975 and 1980 , due to increased purchases of wheat , maize , sorghum , vegetable oils , dairy products , beans and sugar , all basic foodstuffs .
this increase was at an annual rate of 10 per cent between 1975 and 1980 , due to increased [buys] of wheat , maize , sorghum , vegetable oils , dairy products , beans and sugar , all basic foodstuffs .

In this case , a proportion of the product of the worker 's labour is appropriated through the payment of rent , repayment of credit or purchases of supplies at prices disadvantageous to him .
in this case , a proportion of the product of the worker 's labour is appropriated through the payment of rent , repayment of credit or [buys] of supplies at prices disadvantageous to him .

Checking his purchases against her list as he approached the checkout , he was pleased to find that at no point did the two coincide .
checking his [buys] against her list as he approached the checkout , he was pleased to find that at no point did the two coincide .

Kate purchases vastly over-priced pregnancy test kit .
kate [buys] vastly over-priced pregnancy test kit .

The Shell Account Card will only make the purchases you authorise — eg. fuel only ; fuel and oil ; fuel , oil , servicing and shop sales ; named drivers only ; specific vehicle registration numbers only .
the shell account card will only make the [buys] you authorise — eg. fuel only ; fuel and oil ; fuel , oil , servicing and shop sales ; named drivers only ; specific vehicle registration numbers only .

Restrict purchases to fuel and oil only or choose full service
restrict [buys] to fuel and oil only or choose full service

Purchases restricted to fuel and oil only
[buys] restricted to fuel and oil only

In reality , of course , purchases of some items take up a relatively large proportion of household spending while purchases of other items take up only a very small proportion .
in reality , of course , [buys] of some items take up a relatively large proportion of household spending while [buys] of other items take up only a very small proportion .

The crucial difference between the Germans and the Poles who profited from the efforts of the Colonisation Commission and the Polish banks through the sale and resale of farms and estates was that , while the Germans would eventually sell up for good and move away westwards to retire on money invested in Germany 's growing industrial enterprises , the Poles would stay put , use their money to consolidate their farms and purchases , and deposit their savings in the Land Purchase Bank .
the crucial difference between the germans and the poles who profited from the efforts of the colonisation commission and the polish banks through the sale and resale of farms and estates was that , while the germans would eventually sell up for good and move away westwards to retire on money invested in germany 's growing industrial enterprises , the poles would stay put , use their money to consolidate their farms and [buys] , and deposit their savings in the land purchase bank .

The Commission resorted to desperate , grand-scale measures : along the valley of the river Netze as far east as Bromberg it settled a solid block of 22,000 Germans in an effort to prevent Polish land purchases in the area .
the commission resorted to desperate , grand-scale measures : along the valley of the river netze as far east as bromberg it settled a solid block of 22,000 germans in an effort to prevent polish land [buys] in the area .

When asked about the factors which influenced how and where they shopped , many older people said they would be ready to pay a little more for their purchases at shops which provided places to sit down , had lavatories and employed staff members who had the time and inclination to help them .
when asked about the factors which influenced how and where they shopped , many older people said they would be ready to pay a little more for their [buys] at shops which provided places to sit down , had lavatories and employed staff members who had the time and inclination to help them .

For their part , consumes should take reasonable care when making purchases ; where there is small print it should be read carefully or , if it seems complex and the purchase involves a large sum of money , professional advice may be required .
for their part , consumes should take reasonable care when making [buys] ; where there is small print it should be read carefully or , if it seems complex and the purchase involves a large sum of money , professional advice may be required .

Many people today are becoming increasingly conscious of the environmental factors of consumerism and are limiting their purchases to those which will not damage the environment .
many people today are becoming increasingly conscious of the environmental factors of consumerism and are limiting their [buys] to those which will not damage the environment .

Each pair handed in before June 13th entitles you to a £20 voucher against any purchases of £60 or more on a new pair form Boots .
each pair handed in before june 13th entitles you to a £20 voucher against any [buys] of £60 or more on a new pair form boots .

Titles which are identified as possible purchases need to be noted down during the course of the stock revision .
titles which are identified as possible [buys] need to be noted down during the course of the stock revision .

Usually panel members of this sort are paid a certain sum of money for their trouble , but not enough to affect their standard of living and relevant purchases .
usually panel members of this sort are paid a certain sum of money for their trouble , but not enough to affect their standard of living and relevant [buys] .

In return they receive interest on their shares , and a dividend on their purchases in the form of trading stamps .
in return they receive interest on their shares , and a dividend on their [buys] in the form of trading stamps .

In example a ) it is much easier for the customer to move directly to the checkout and exit , without making additional purchases .
in example a ) it is much easier for the customer to move directly to the checkout and exit , without making additional [buys] .

Customers can usually collect bulky purchases from this exit .
customers can usually collect bulky [buys] from this exit .

The balance of petty cash is the difference between the total paid and the amount originally in the cash box ( either the amount in the float , or the amount left after previous purchases ) .
the balance of petty cash is the difference between the total paid and the amount originally in the cash box ( either the amount in the float , or the amount left after previous [buys] ) .

Copy the petty cash voucher on page 157 . Fill in a separate voucher for each of the following purchases :
copy the petty cash voucher on page 157 . fill in a separate voucher for each of the following [buys] :

As well as publicizing the activities of the Library the Friends contribute money towards purchases over and above those which can be made from the College funds .
as well as publicizing the activities of the library the friends contribute money towards [buys] over and above those which can be made from the college funds .

guarantees payment for your higher value purchases .
guarantees payment for your higher value [buys] .

Although the caretakers salary is not yet under budget control his purchases of ‘ consumables ’ are .
although the caretakers salary is not yet under budget control his [buys] of ‘ consumables ’ are .

Both share and asset purchases are included and it makes no difference whether the merger is agreed or hostile .
both share and asset [buys] are included and it makes no difference whether the merger is agreed or hostile .

The original stalls have all been converted into loose boxes with a small plaque beside each one denoting the occupant 's name , breed , height , age , colour and how it was purchases .
the original stalls have all been converted into loose boxes with a small plaque beside each one denoting the occupant 's name , breed , height , age , colour and how it was [buys] .

If Ben Leggatt had earned his living , not as an odd job man at Weston Longville rectory but as a private soldier in one of His Majesty 's foot regiments billetted in Bungay , he would have found the shopkeepers overwilling to let him take away purchases on a promise to pay later — had it not been for the ‘ Crying Down The Credits ’ .
if ben leggatt had earned his living , not as an odd job man at weston longville rectory but as a private soldier in one of his majesty 's foot regiments billetted in bungay , he would have found the shopkeepers overwilling to let him take away [buys] on a promise to pay later — had it not been for the ‘ crying down the credits ’ .

Later , Berry Brothers introduced discount schemes to encourage early payers by making their wine purchases cheaper .
later , berry brothers introduced discount schemes to encourage early payers by making their wine [buys] cheaper .

Numerous people ran into debt from being unable or unwilling to settle their credit card accounts at all or in full each month , and allowing their purchases to grow in price as every month passed , but the sums people in Britain owed in this way was a very small proportion of the total outstanding personal credit granted , which in 1987 Janet Ford reckoned in her book The Indebted Society was £30,000 million .
numerous people ran into debt from being unable or unwilling to settle their credit card accounts at all or in full each month , and allowing their [buys] to grow in price as every month passed , but the sums people in britain owed in this way was a very small proportion of the total outstanding personal credit granted , which in 1987 janet ford reckoned in her book the indebted society was £30,000 million .

Customers who declined to pay cash across the counter with ‘ real ’ money , a cheque or by direct debit , or produced a bank credit card , found the price of their purchases greatly increased if they were a store card holder .
customers who declined to pay cash across the counter with ‘ real ’ money , a cheque or by direct debit , or produced a bank credit card , found the price of their [buys] greatly increased if they were a store card holder .

Beaverbrooks ' payment terms are extremely favourable with nine months interest free credit available on all purchases over £300 .
beaverbrooks ' payment terms are extremely favourable with nine months interest free credit available on all [buys] over £300 .

Such purchases will require a 10 per cent deposit .
such [buys] will require a 10 per cent deposit .

Beaverbrooks offer special incentives for brides on wedding purchases .
beaverbrooks offer special incentives for brides on wedding [buys] .

And do n't forget the 10 per cent discount you will receive on further purchases when you choose your wedding ring at Beaverbrooks .
and do n't forget the 10 per cent discount you will receive on further [buys] when you choose your wedding ring at beaverbrooks .

July sees you needing to buy expensive purchases !
july sees you needing to buy expensive [buys] !

Also look out for special offers ; many companies offer discount on bulk purchases , free glass hire and ice ( see our key above right ) .
also look out for special offers ; many companies offer discount on bulk [buys] , free glass hire and ice ( see our key above right ) .

‘ There wo n't be any promises of state purchases .
‘ there wo n't be any promises of state [buys] .

Civil servants may have spent no more than a few million pounds on the metals , although they may authorise more hefty purchases later .
civil servants may have spent no more than a few million pounds on the metals , although they may authorise more hefty [buys] later .

‘ What is the Clyst exactly ? ’ Breeze enquired , stuffing her numerous purchases into her basket .
‘ what is the clyst exactly ? ’ breeze enquired , stuffing her numerous [buys] into her basket .

Similarly , banks make merchandise loans to enable customers to cope with seasonal imports especially where bulk purchases might ensure considerable discounts .
similarly , banks make merchandise loans to enable customers to cope with seasonal imports especially where bulk [buys] might ensure considerable discounts .

Once a bank purchases such bills it can hold the bills to maturity or sell them in a secondary market to any other bank ( s ) .
once a bank [buys] such bills it can hold the bills to maturity or sell them in a secondary market to any other bank ( s ) .

One company commented that the attitude to the information in such studies as it purchases is often one of ‘ how interesting ’ , rather than one of seeking to put the information to use .
one company commented that the attitude to the information in such studies as it [buys] is often one of ‘ how interesting ’ , rather than one of seeking to put the information to use .

The fourth department that purchases statistics does so for the preparation of its quantitative economic outlooks ; it uses sufficient statistics to justify use of an online facility as well as of hard copy .
the fourth department that [buys] statistics does so for the preparation of its quantitative economic outlooks ; it uses sufficient statistics to justify use of an online facility as well as of hard copy .

Another market , for wheat and general grain , was established by Major Obins and Mr George Woodhouse in 1780 and by 1819 the annual purchases in this market amounted to over 5000 tons .
another market , for wheat and general grain , was established by major obins and mr george woodhouse in 1780 and by 1819 the annual [buys] in this market amounted to over 5000 tons .

If you are moving house and making purchases , dealing with public utilities ( gas , electricity , telephones ) then she will confront you .
if you are moving house and making [buys] , dealing with public utilities ( gas , electricity , telephones ) then she will confront you .

But times had changed since 1898 ; wartime regulations had rationed liquor purchases to one bottle per month per customer .
but times had changed since 1898 ; wartime regulations had rationed liquor [buys] to one bottle per month per customer .

For example , if the child is about to “ blow ” while you ’ re out shopping , try involving the child in the shopping experience—pointing out things of interest to the child ; asking the child to help you select and carry purchases ; and reminding the child that after the shopping is ﬁnished , you are going to do something the child enjoys .
for example , if the child is about to “ blow ” while you ’ re out shopping , try involving the child in the shopping experience—pointing out things of interest to the child ; asking the child to help you select and carry [buys] ; and reminding the child that after the shopping is ﬁnished , you are going to do something the child enjoys .

By age 2 , gender differences in play are evident , and they strengthen over early childhood.86 Parents vary greatly in their gender-role attitudes ; the more traditional their beliefs , the more gender-stereotyped their toy purchases and the more stereotyped their children ’ s play.87 In many classrooms , the arrangement of play areas reinforces these sharp gender distinctions .
by age 2 , gender differences in play are evident , and they strengthen over early childhood.86 parents vary greatly in their gender-role attitudes ; the more traditional their beliefs , the more gender-stereotyped their toy [buys] and the more stereotyped their children ’ s play.87 in many classrooms , the arrangement of play areas reinforces these sharp gender distinctions .

Such retailers can also gather data about customer demographics , past purchases , and responses to potential substitute items , all of which add up to a gold mine of information about consumer preferences .
such retailers can also gather data about customer demographics , past [buys] , and responses to potential substitute items , all of which add up to a gold mine of information about consumer preferences .

Although small specialty shops were limited to a few items , such as those found in a traditional dressmaker or milliner ’ s shop , department stores offered fixed prices and the convenience of returning purchases for exchange or cash .
although small specialty shops were limited to a few items , such as those found in a traditional dressmaker or milliner ’ s shop , department stores offered fixed prices and the convenience of returning [buys] for exchange or cash .

Integration does not arise from hardware or software purchases .
integration does not arise from hardware or software [buys] .

In contrast to this traditional retailing model , BMW announced in 1997 an effort to restructure its U.S. dealers by allowing consumer customization of car purchases through the use of multimedia computer systems .
in contrast to this traditional retailing model , bmw announced in 1997 an effort to restructure its u.s. dealers by allowing consumer customization of car [buys] through the use of multimedia computer systems .

This is not surprising , given the traditional retailing strategy under which retailers commit to purchases well in advance of the selling season .
this is not surprising , given the traditional retailing strategy under which retailers commit to [buys] well in advance of the selling season .

Bring along an extra bag to hold your purchases ; compare prices at home to make sure you find actual bargains ; find out beforehand the names of local authorized dealers , especially if you want to buy high-priced electronic equipment and wish to reduce the risk of purchasing counterfeit merchandise ; and give yourself plenty of time to shop so you can compare prices .
bring along an extra bag to hold your [buys] ; compare prices at home to make sure you find actual bargains ; find out beforehand the names of local authorized dealers , especially if you want to buy high-priced electronic equipment and wish to reduce the risk of purchasing counterfeit merchandise ; and give yourself plenty of time to shop so you can compare prices .

Carpets are one of the most attractive purchases you can make .
carpets are one of the most attractive [buys] you can make .

Many stores will pack and ship purchases .
many stores will pack and ship [buys] .

This is not the place to make expensive purchases , but it ’ s great for inexpensive pendants , earrings , and gifts .
this is not the place to make expensive [buys] , but it ’ s great for inexpensive pendants , earrings , and gifts .

Popular purchases include diamonds and freshwater pearls .
popular [buys] include diamonds and freshwater pearls .

Woks and any other gadgets essential for Chinese cookery make good purchases .
woks and any other gadgets essential for chinese cookery make good [buys] .

Many shops in Guadeloupe and Martinique give discounts ( usually 20 percent ) for purchases in traveler ’ s checks , but not if you pay in foreign currency .
many shops in guadeloupe and martinique give discounts ( usually 20 percent ) for [buys] in traveler ’ s checks , but not if you pay in foreign currency .

While Americans returning home must pay 10 % duty on everything above $ 600 worth of purchases made abroad , the US customs levy added to the price of an item may still come to less than what the purchases would cost in Boston or Chicago .
while americans returning home must pay 10 % duty on everything above $ 600 worth of [buys] made abroad , the us customs levy added to the price of an item may still come to less than what the [buys] would cost in boston or chicago .

Instead , consider buying everything you want as you go along , using Japan ’ s remarkably efficient and inexpensive takkyubin courier delivery services ( available at the ubiquitous convenience stores ) to forward your larger purchases to your hotel , where they will be waiting for you on your return to Tokyo or elsewhere .
instead , consider buying everything you want as you go along , using japan ’ s remarkably efficient and inexpensive takkyubin courier delivery services ( available at the ubiquitous convenience stores ) to forward your larger [buys] to your hotel , where they will be waiting for you on your return to tokyo or elsewhere .

As an exception to the general rule of not making big purchases until near the end of your visit , it makes sense to buy camera equipment as soon as possible so you can try it out during the trip .
as an exception to the general rule of not making big [buys] until near the end of your visit , it makes sense to buy camera equipment as soon as possible so you can try it out during the trip .

Back on the Grand Canal again : Longhena ’ s exuberant Baroque Ca ’ Pesaro is now the town ’ s Modern Art Gallery , devoted principally to a small but impressive collection of purchases from the Venice Biennale exhibitions .
back on the grand canal again : longhena ’ s exuberant baroque ca ’ pesaro is now the town ’ s modern art gallery , devoted principally to a small but impressive collection of [buys] from the venice biennale exhibitions .

Tasting and purchases are possible at many of the properties .
tasting and [buys] are possible at many of the properties .

Some tourist-oriented shops take the VAT off credit-card purchases before they charge you .
some tourist-oriented shops take the vat off credit-card [buys] before they charge you .

Purchases shipped directly from the shop to a non-EU country are not subject to VAT ( though you may incur import taxes ) .
[buys] shipped directly from the shop to a non-eu country are not subject to vat ( though you may incur import taxes ) .

There is an abundance of souvenirs that make the perfect gift , namely gourmet delicacies , but save these purchases for the end of your trip , in order to get them home as fresh as possible .
there is an abundance of souvenirs that make the perfect gift , namely gourmet delicacies , but save these [buys] for the end of your trip , in order to get them home as fresh as possible .

You can get an occasional small sconto ( discount ) for purchases in volume or while paying in cash , but the spread of foreign travel has taught shopkeepers in the most remote provinces the going international price for everything .
you can get an occasional small sconto ( discount ) for [buys] in volume or while paying in cash , but the spread of foreign travel has taught shopkeepers in the most remote provinces the going international price for everything .

For cheaper purchases , head for the Strada Nuova leading behind the Ca ’ d ’ Oro to the railway station .
for cheaper [buys] , head for the strada nuova leading behind the ca ’ d ’ oro to the railway station .

The showrooms are for trade only , meaning the only way you can make purchases is to buy through an interior designer .
the showrooms are for trade only , meaning the only way you can make [buys] is to buy through an interior designer .

For art purchases , areas worth exploring are Consell de Cent , in the Eixample ; Passeig del Born , becoming a hot new gallery area ; and the streets around the contemporary art museum , MACBA , in Raval , where other galleries are quickly springing up .
for art [buys] , areas worth exploring are consell de cent , in the eixample ; passeig del born , becoming a hot new gallery area ; and the streets around the contemporary art museum , macba , in raval , where other galleries are quickly springing up .

Tourists from overseas can get a refund on the IVA they ’ ve paid on purchases over a stipulated amount .
tourists from overseas can get a refund on the iva they ’ ve paid on [buys] over a stipulated amount .

Souvenirs are tempting purchases : pottery of all shapes , sizes , uses , and prices — some featuring Moorish designs ; bullfight and flamenco posters with your name topping the bill ; low-crowned , broad-brimmed Cordoban leather hats ; hand-painted fans ; elegant mantillas ( the traditional lace shawls for special occasions ) ; and botas , soft leather wine bottles .
souvenirs are tempting [buys] : pottery of all shapes , sizes , uses , and prices — some featuring moorish designs ; bullfight and flamenco posters with your name topping the bill ; low-crowned , broad-brimmed cordoban leather hats ; hand-painted fans ; elegant mantillas ( the traditional lace shawls for special occasions ) ; and botas , soft leather wine bottles .

Other woolens , too , can be economical , good-quality purchases .
other woolens , too , can be economical , good-quality [buys] .

Shops will often mail your purchases home for you .
shops will often mail your [buys] home for you .

Hotel shops and the Friendship Store are the most reliable antiques dealers , and they often provide international shipping services for purchases .
hotel shops and the friendship store are the most reliable antiques dealers , and they often provide international shipping services for [buys] .

Tourists from outside the EU will be refunded the IVA they pay on purchases above a minimum of 15,000 ptas ( a90.15 ) or US $ 100 in stores where they see the TAX FREE SHOPPING logo .
tourists from outside the eu will be refunded the iva they pay on [buys] above a minimum of 15,000 ptas ( a90.15 ) or us $ 100 in stores where they see the tax free shopping logo .

Then when you declare your purchases at Customs , your check will be validated .
then when you declare your [buys] at customs , your check will be validated .

You will not be allowed to take these purchases with you when you leave the store , but they will be delivered to the airport for you to collect just before you leave Bermuda .
you will not be allowed to take these [buys] with you when you leave the store , but they will be delivered to the airport for you to collect just before you leave bermuda .

New Zealand requires entities from which the government purchases a significant quantity of goods and services to include audited statements of objectives and statements of service performance with their financial statements .
new zealand requires entities from which the government [buys] a significant quantity of goods and services to include audited statements of objectives and statements of service performance with their financial statements .

PURCHASES METHOD -A method of accounting for goods , such as materials and supplies , in which the acquisition cost is recognized as an expense upon purchase of the goods rather than upon their use .
[buys] method -a method of accounting for goods , such as materials and supplies , in which the acquisition cost is recognized as an expense upon purchase of the goods rather than upon their use .

GAO Response We responded to the request by stating that although fast pay is permitted under certain criteria , the purchases under the process inquired about would not meet the criteria ( 1 ) where the purchase exceeds $ 25,000 or ( 2 ) if the 10percent error rate is considered by management and the IG office to be above the tolerable acceptable error rate .
gao response we responded to the request by stating that although fast pay is permitted under certain criteria , the [buys] under the process inquired about would not meet the criteria ( 1 ) where the purchase exceeds $ 25,000 or ( 2 ) if the 10percent error rate is considered by management and the ig office to be above the tolerable acceptable error rate .

GAO was created in 1921 as a result of the Budget and Accounting Act , a law designed to improve government financial controls and management in the aftermath of World War I. Wartime spending had increased the national debt , escalated costs for many government purchases , and created substantial disarray in the financial operations of the War Department and other agencies .
gao was created in 1921 as a result of the budget and accounting act , a law designed to improve government financial controls and management in the aftermath of world war i. wartime spending had increased the national debt , escalated costs for many government [buys] , and created substantial disarray in the financial operations of the war department and other agencies .

This covers a broad range of data from purchases , subsidies , and other transactions to data on fixed assets , inventories , and receivables .
this covers a broad range of data from [buys] , subsidies , and other transactions to data on fixed assets , inventories , and receivables .

Both the NIPA and FFA measures count household purchases of houses as saving .
both the nipa and ffa measures count household [buys] of houses as saving .

The FFA personal saving rate also counts household purchases of consumer durables as saving and , thus , is somewhat higher than the NIPA personal saving rate .
the ffa personal saving rate also counts household [buys] of consumer durables as saving and , thus , is somewhat higher than the nipa personal saving rate .

Improved access to credit reduces the need to save before big-ticket purchases .
improved access to credit reduces the need to save before big-ticket [buys] .

Because household purchases of residential dwellings are treated as business investment in NIPA , the depreciation on these assets is included in gross business saving .
because household [buys] of residential dwellings are treated as business investment in nipa , the depreciation on these assets is included in gross business saving .

NIPA had already recognized mineral exploration as investment , and in 1996 , NIPA reclassified government purchases of plant and equipment as investment .
nipa had already recognized mineral exploration as investment , and in 1996 , nipa reclassified government [buys] of plant and equipment as investment .

This means that , under NIPA , business computer purchases count as saving and investment , but spending to train workers to use the new computers counts as current consumption rather than investment .
this means that , under nipa , business computer [buys] count as saving and investment , but spending to train workers to use the new computers counts as current consumption rather than investment .

The NIPA federal budget surplus , however , reflects the current , or operating , account of the federal government and does not count purchases of capital goods as current spending .
the nipa federal budget surplus , however , reflects the current , or operating , account of the federal government and does not count [buys] of capital goods as current spending .

As a comparison point , we also examined an alternative personal saving rate available from the Federal Reserve 's Flow of Funds Accounts ( FFA ) .2 Because FFA counts household purchases of consumer durables as saving , the FFA personal saving rate is somewhat higher than the NIPA personal saving rate but also shows a downward trend .
as a comparison point , we also examined an alternative personal saving rate available from the federal reserve 's flow of funds accounts ( ffa ) .2 because ffa counts household [buys] of consumer durables as saving , the ffa personal saving rate is somewhat higher than the nipa personal saving rate but also shows a downward trend .

In addition to 1The NIPA data presented throughout this report reflect changes made in the 11th comprehensive revision of the national accounts in 1999 , including the reclassification of software purchases as investment , which is discussed in Q2.5 .
in addition to 1the nipa data presented throughout this report reflect changes made in the 11th comprehensive revision of the national accounts in 1999 , including the reclassification of software [buys] as investment , which is discussed in q2.5 .

Housing issues arise over eviction actions , substandard housing , eligibility for public housing , mobile home purchases , housing discrimination , and mortgage foreclosures .
housing issues arise over eviction actions , substandard housing , eligibility for public housing , mobile home [buys] , housing discrimination , and mortgage foreclosures .

Digression on Economic Model of Household Behavior Each household is assumed to have a demand function for each good which depends on the prices of all goods , the household 's budgeted total expenditure and observable and unobservable characteristics of the household Let p , p , ... , p be the prices for goods household purchases , M be the 12 K household 's budgeted total expenditure and A , A , ... , A are the attributes 12 N ( observable and unobservable characteristics ) of the household .
digression on economic model of household behavior each household is assumed to have a demand function for each good which depends on the prices of all goods , the household 's budgeted total expenditure and observable and unobservable characteristics of the household let p , p , ... , p be the prices for goods household [buys] , m be the 12 k household 's budgeted total expenditure and a , a , ... , a are the attributes 12 n ( observable and unobservable characteristics ) of the household .

For just a couple of cents more , an individual can send a package Priority , and , if the individual purchases delivery confirmation , it becomes actually less expensive to use the faster Priority Mail service !
for just a couple of cents more , an individual can send a package priority , and , if the individual [buys] delivery confirmation , it becomes actually less expensive to use the faster priority mail service !

The operatives also began to make purchases suggesting that the planning was coming to an end .
the operatives also began to make [buys] suggesting that the planning was coming to an end .

The difficulty that JSTOR financial planning had in coming to terms with consortial purchases delayed its growth as an access service .
the difficulty that jstor financial planning had in coming to terms with consortial [buys] delayed its growth as an access service .

The first is to ask sponsors—governments and charities—to subsidize developing-country purchases at a guaranteed price [ 2,3,4 ] .
the first is to ask sponsors—governments and charities—to subsidize developing-country [buys] at a guaranteed price [ 2,3,4 ] .

The idea behind asking sponsors to subsidize developing country purchases at a guaranteed price is that this will prop up drug prices and restore incentives for developing new drugs [ 2,3,4 ] .
the idea behind asking sponsors to subsidize developing country [buys] at a guaranteed price is that this will prop up drug prices and restore incentives for developing new drugs [ 2,3,4 ] .

Although it ca n't be used to make purchases or withdraw money from an ATM , the value of this Card could be immeasurable -- for the person whose life it might change .
although it ca n't be used to make [buys] or withdraw money from an atm , the value of this card could be immeasurable -- for the person whose life it might change .

You would n't have been able to experience the joys of plays I have been in ( and those I have n't ) without donations other than ticket purchases .
you would n't have been able to experience the joys of plays i have been in ( and those i have n't ) without donations other than ticket [buys] .

There is one problem with this whole theory , which is that the companies that are going to be doing all of the B2B buying on the Web have to make the money with which they pay for all their purchases somewhere .
there is one problem with this whole theory , which is that the companies that are going to be doing all of the b2b buying on the web have to make the money with which they pay for all their [buys] somewhere .

Measures like controlling sales at gun shows , limiting the volume of gun purchases at any one time , and cutting off dealers whose sold guns are disproportionately involved in crimes .
measures like controlling sales at gun shows , limiting the volume of gun [buys] at any one time , and cutting off dealers whose sold guns are disproportionately involved in crimes .

The NYT front and an inside WP story each report that despite Federal Election Commission staffers ' findings that both Bill Clinton and Bob Dole should remit millions to the government for misusing party funds for ad purchases in 1996 , the FEC voted unanimously against requiring such a payback .
the nyt front and an inside wp story each report that despite federal election commission staffers ' findings that both bill clinton and bob dole should remit millions to the government for misusing party funds for ad [buys] in 1996 , the fec voted unanimously against requiring such a payback .

A story frets that media giants ' purchases of sports teams will change the way games are played .
a story frets that media giants ' [buys] of sports teams will change the way games are played .

According to the New York Times , a congressional report accuses the Pentagon of funding a top-secret Air Force program , an $ 800 million satellite , a high-tech missile defense system previously rejected by Congress , and other unapproved purchases .
according to the new york times , a congressional report accuses the pentagon of funding a top-secret air force program , an $ 800 million satellite , a high-tech missile defense system previously rejected by congress , and other unapproved [buys] .

At the risk of making a one-way trip to Rikers Island ( `` I must take the Fifth about my wine purchases , senator '' ) , I spent a couple of weeks this summer surfing the Web for vino .
at the risk of making a one-way trip to rikers island ( `` i must take the fifth about my wine [buys] , senator '' ) , i spent a couple of weeks this summer surfing the web for vino .

According to the New York Times , a congressional report accuses the Pentagon of funding a top-secret Air Force program , an $ 800 million satellite , a high-tech missile defense system previously rejected by Congress , and other unapproved purchases .
according to the new york times , a congressional report accuses the pentagon of funding a top-secret air force program , an $ 800 million satellite , a high-tech missile defense system previously rejected by congress , and other unapproved [buys] .

The Internet facilitates monstrous purchases .
the internet facilitates monstrous [buys] .

The Internet cheats people of their monstrous purchases .
the internet cheats people of their monstrous [buys] .

Only 40 percent of U.S. households own a PC , and two-thirds of all new PC purchases are made by folks who already own one .
only 40 percent of u.s. households own a pc , and two-thirds of all new pc [buys] are made by folks who already own one .

For me , and for many others , there is a legitimate concern about whether we , through our purchases , are encouraging the abuse of others .
for me , and for many others , there is a legitimate concern about whether we , through our [buys] , are encouraging the abuse of others .

When they do consume , they often focus on purchases whose economic benefits do not trickle down or abroad -- like weapons .
when they do consume , they often focus on [buys] whose economic benefits do not trickle down or abroad -- like weapons .

Suppose someone purchases a building in 1980 and sells it in 1990 , in a somewhat appreciated but not especially buoyant market .
suppose someone [buys] a building in 1980 and sells it in 1990 , in a somewhat appreciated but not especially buoyant market .

Starr tried to make a bookstore cough up records of her purchases .
starr tried to make a bookstore cough up records of her [buys] .

Floridians imposed a new waiting period for gun purchases .
floridians imposed a new waiting period for gun [buys] .

A story frets that media giants ' purchases of sports teams will change the way games are played .
a story frets that media giants ' [buys] of sports teams will change the way games are played .

Three weeks after the murder , a bookkeeper at a Boulder hardware store notified police that a man named John had called wanting copies of receipts for purchases charged by Patsy Ramsey .
three weeks after the murder , a bookkeeper at a boulder hardware store notified police that a man named john had called wanting copies of receipts for [buys] charged by patsy ramsey .

The reaction to Starr 's subpoena of the records of Monica Lewinsky 's purchases at a Washington , D.C. bookstore has been mindlessly critical .
the reaction to starr 's subpoena of the records of monica lewinsky 's [buys] at a washington , d.c. bookstore has been mindlessly critical .

Given this incident , however , Mulholland would probably be the wrong spokesman to righteously attack Kenneth Starr for trying to learn about Monica Lewinsky 's semi-pornographic bookstore purchases ...
given this incident , however , mulholland would probably be the wrong spokesman to righteously attack kenneth starr for trying to learn about monica lewinsky 's semi-pornographic bookstore [buys] ...

By cosponsoring free Kennedy Center concerts with the Washington Post , Fannie Mae purchases the goodwill of an insecure city and simultaneously cozies up to a journalistic institution that could do it a lot of damage .
by cosponsoring free kennedy center concerts with the washington post , fannie mae [buys] the goodwill of an insecure city and simultaneously cozies up to a journalistic institution that could do it a lot of damage .

Even though handgun deaths are actually down a bit from the early '90s , says a piece in Sunday 's NYT `` Week in Review , '' recent well-publicized shootings tend to stimulate lawful gun purchases for household protection , which may be bad news for those households , since according to one quoted expert , `` the odds that a home will be the scene of a homicide are substantially greater if there is a gun in the home . ''
even though handgun deaths are actually down a bit from the early '90s , says a piece in sunday 's nyt `` week in review , '' recent well-publicized shootings tend to stimulate lawful gun [buys] for household protection , which may be bad news for those households , since according to one quoted expert , `` the odds that a home will be the scene of a homicide are substantially greater if there is a gun in the home . ''

This strangely satisfying form of literary eavesdropping , achieved by a simple re-sorting of customers ' e-mail domain names , shipping addresses , and purchases , is not limited to the continental United States .
this strangely satisfying form of literary eavesdropping , achieved by a simple re-sorting of customers ' e-mail domain names , shipping addresses , and [buys] , is not limited to the continental united states .

The story fails to define clearly what Reno actually proposed ( it summarizes one of her proposals as simply , `` federal limits on handgun purchases '' ) and never mentions what laws are on the books already .
the story fails to define clearly what reno actually proposed ( it summarizes one of her proposals as simply , `` federal limits on handgun [buys] '' ) and never mentions what laws are on the books already .

The NYT front reports on an unpredicted consequence of the Asian economic crisis : the Asian arms race is cooling off because most of the region 's nations are suddenly unable to go through with planned weapons purchases .
the nyt front reports on an unpredicted consequence of the asian economic crisis : the asian arms race is cooling off because most of the region 's nations are suddenly unable to go through with planned weapons [buys] .

Just last week , Indonesia announced that it would put off buying $ 1 billion in Russian weapons , and Thailand and South Korea are delaying aircraft purchases .
just last week , indonesia announced that it would put off buying $ 1 billion in russian weapons , and thailand and south korea are delaying aircraft [buys] .

This is America , and when Horwitz 's great-grandfather , Poppa Isaac , made his way from czarist Russia to the East Side of New York , one of his first purchases was a book about the Civil War .
this is america , and when horwitz 's great-grandfather , poppa isaac , made his way from czarist russia to the east side of new york , one of his first [buys] was a book about the civil war .

An article about the collapse of the go-go Japanese art purchases of the '80s : Many buyers have gone bankrupt , and their paintings have vanished into Japanese bank vaults .
an article about the collapse of the go-go japanese art [buys] of the '80s : many buyers have gone bankrupt , and their paintings have vanished into japanese bank vaults .

Meanwhile , the WP 's `` Reliable Source '' column reports that on Monday , two Washington D.C. bookstores were ordered to turn over to Ken Starr sales records of purchases by Monica Lewinsky .
meanwhile , the wp 's `` reliable source '' column reports that on monday , two washington d.c. bookstores were ordered to turn over to ken starr sales records of [buys] by monica lewinsky .

Only the WP explains why : He has never served in the armed forces and while serving as the government 's science and technology minister , is known to have antagonized some of the top brass by forcing them to make certain technical purchases .
only the wp explains why : he has never served in the armed forces and while serving as the government 's science and technology minister , is known to have antagonized some of the top brass by forcing them to make certain technical [buys] .

The Post does explain one nuance USAT overlooks : whether that $ 1.10 per pack surcharge specified in the bill will actually raise cigarette prices enough to significantly reduce cigarette purchases .
the post does explain one nuance usat overlooks : whether that $ 1.10 per pack surcharge specified in the bill will actually raise cigarette prices enough to significantly reduce cigarette [buys] .

This sudden interest can also be attributed to other causes -- we 're older and nesting ; we 're spending more time at home ; we 're making bolder purchases because of a better economy .
this sudden interest can also be attributed to other causes -- we 're older and nesting ; we 're spending more time at home ; we 're making bolder [buys] because of a better economy .

USA Today leads with the Clinton administration 's proposal for establishing a nationwide computer system for rapidly tracking the course of infectious diseases like the flu and hepatitis C. The New York Times lead also connects medicine and cyberspace with a report that the rise of Americans ' online pharmaceutical purchases via foreign-based Web sites has led to record levels of illegal drug imports , judging from the latest figures on Customs Service seizures of imported drugs in 1999 , which ran about 4.5 times higher than 1998 .
usa today leads with the clinton administration 's proposal for establishing a nationwide computer system for rapidly tracking the course of infectious diseases like the flu and hepatitis c. the new york times lead also connects medicine and cyberspace with a report that the rise of americans ' online pharmaceutical [buys] via foreign-based web sites has led to record levels of illegal drug imports , judging from the latest figures on customs service seizures of imported drugs in 1999 , which ran about 4.5 times higher than 1998 .

As a result , when Thais and Malaysians are forced to slash purchases of new cars or investment in earth-moving equipment , Japan feels it long before the United States does .
as a result , when thais and malaysians are forced to slash [buys] of new cars or investment in earth-moving equipment , japan feels it long before the united states does .

He estimates that between 17 million and 21 million Americans suffer mild to severe anxiety or change their activities -- performing rituals before leaving the house , calling in sick to work , or postponing flights or major purchases -- and that businesses lose $ 750 million in revenues because of these fears .
he estimates that between 17 million and 21 million americans suffer mild to severe anxiety or change their activities -- performing rituals before leaving the house , calling in sick to work , or postponing flights or major [buys] -- and that businesses lose $ 750 million in revenues because of these fears .

The NYT reports that travel agents are really chafing over airlines ' discounts for Internet ticket purchases .
the nyt reports that travel agents are really chafing over airlines ' discounts for internet ticket [buys] .

Travel agents now book about 80 percent of airline tickets , but increased Internet purchases are a clear threat .
travel agents now book about 80 percent of airline tickets , but increased internet [buys] are a clear threat .

There are essentially three options : Ban sales taxes on Internet purchases , leave the status quo ( in which case it only matters where the Internet company is located ) , or give states the ability to go after sales taxes from out-of-state Internet companies .
there are essentially three options : ban sales taxes on internet [buys] , leave the status quo ( in which case it only matters where the internet company is located ) , or give states the ability to go after sales taxes from out-of-state internet companies .

Most favor an international ban on tariffs on Internet purchases and services .
most favor an international ban on tariffs on internet [buys] and services .

A Newsweek sidebar reports that both the Serbs and the Kosovo Liberation Army have been trafficking in drugs to fund weapon purchases .
a newsweek sidebar reports that both the serbs and the kosovo liberation army have been trafficking in drugs to fund weapon [buys] .

Editor Abdelbari Atwan reported that all the Gulf states , hard hit by the collapse of oil prices and blaming Western countries for it , have taken an unpublicized decision to `` freeze '' arms purchases so that their Western suppliers will also feel the pinch .
editor abdelbari atwan reported that all the gulf states , hard hit by the collapse of oil prices and blaming western countries for it , have taken an unpublicized decision to `` freeze '' arms [buys] so that their western suppliers will also feel the pinch .

The Democratic amendment would require background checks for all purchases at gun shows and for anyone who tries to buy back his gun from a pawn shop .
the democratic amendment would require background checks for all [buys] at gun shows and for anyone who tries to buy back his gun from a pawn shop .

Under my plan , sales taxes would only be not eliminated on certain socially desirable purchases , but also good shoppers would receive an anti-tax , a bonus for their beneficent purchases .
under my plan , sales taxes would only be not eliminated on certain socially desirable [buys] , but also good shoppers would receive an anti-tax , a bonus for their beneficent [buys] .

If the safety net is really just like insurance , then we should be buying it in quantities commensurate with our other insurance purchases .
if the safety net is really just like insurance , then we should be buying it in quantities commensurate with our other insurance [buys] .

With millions of people getting Jenna 's tips on billions of purchases , she 's going to become one wealthy celebrity endorser .
with millions of people getting jenna 's tips on billions of [buys] , she 's going to become one wealthy celebrity endorser .

Zionists argued that the land purchases benefited all the territory 's residents .
zionists argued that the land [buys] benefited all the territory 's residents .

Jewish land purchases were not the primary factor , these historians say .
jewish land [buys] were not the primary factor , these historians say .

I was glad to hear from the director of Sotheby 's fashion department that most buyers do wear their purchases , prepared to sacrifice currency for unimpeachable quality .
i was glad to hear from the director of sotheby 's fashion department that most buyers do wear their [buys] , prepared to sacrifice currency for unimpeachable quality .

After clicking your purchases into a `` shopping cart , '' you are directed to a `` secure Netscape server '' that will encrypt your credit-card information .
after clicking your [buys] into a `` shopping cart , '' you are directed to a `` secure netscape server '' that will encrypt your credit-card information .

The story notes that housing purchases are a function of household formations , which are a function of demographics , which augur a bit of retrenchment .
the story notes that housing [buys] are a function of household formations , which are a function of demographics , which augur a bit of retrenchment .

The Journal reports that Fiat had offered more money than Ford for the Swedish automaker , but that Ford has become viewed as the `` acquirer of choice , '' because of its track record of injecting capital and expertise into new purchases without diluting a brand 's character .
the journal reports that fiat had offered more money than ford for the swedish automaker , but that ford has become viewed as the `` acquirer of choice , '' because of its track record of injecting capital and expertise into new [buys] without diluting a brand 's character .

The Los Angeles Times leads with yesterday 's 40 percent drop in the value of the ruble against the German mark after Russia 's central bank halted ruble purchases of dollars .
the los angeles times leads with yesterday 's 40 percent drop in the value of the ruble against the german mark after russia 's central bank halted ruble [buys] of dollars .

All the front pages feature coverage of a bold and surprising move undertaken yesterday by the U.S. and Japan in concert : the countries ' central banks bought as much as $ 4 billion in yen on the open market , which sparked further purchases of the Japanese currency by traders , all of which reversed the recent steep slide in the yen .
all the front pages feature coverage of a bold and surprising move undertaken yesterday by the u.s. and japan in concert : the countries ' central banks bought as much as $ 4 billion in yen on the open market , which sparked further [buys] of the japanese currency by traders , all of which reversed the recent steep slide in the yen .

The economists agree that these changes will not be drastic because our low interest rates and low inflation mean we can keep financing big-ticket purchases cheaply .
the economists agree that these changes will not be drastic because our low interest rates and low inflation mean we can keep financing big-ticket [buys] cheaply .

The WP reports that a legal tussle between a Washington , D.C. bookstore and Kenneth Starr over a subpoena of records of Monica Lewinsky 's purchases there has been avoided : Lewinsky has agreed to provide the information to Starr .
the wp reports that a legal tussle between a washington , d.c. bookstore and kenneth starr over a subpoena of records of monica lewinsky 's [buys] there has been avoided : lewinsky has agreed to provide the information to starr .

