Sheets said that his proposed law would offer state financing aid for the purchase of voting machines , enabling counties to repay the loan over a 10-year period without interest or charge .
sheets said that his proposed law would offer state financing aid for the [buy] of voting machines , enabling counties to repay the loan over a 10-year period without interest or charge .

The plan will provide $45 million for purchase of open land by the state .
the plan will provide $45 million for [buy] of open land by the state .

The City Planning Commission on Tuesday approved agreements between two redevelopers and the Redevelopment Authority for the purchase of land in the $300,000,000 Eastwick Redevelopment Area project .
the city planning commission on tuesday approved agreements between two redevelopers and the redevelopment authority for the [buy] of land in the $300,000,000 eastwick redevelopment area project .

One of the agreements calls for the New Eastwick Corp. to purchase a 1311 acre tract for $12,192,865 .
one of the agreements calls for the new eastwick corp. to [buy] a 1311 acre tract for $12,192,865 .

The Washington state supreme court ruled that the state's occupation tax applied to sales , made at cost to an oil company , by a wholly-owned subsidiary set up to purchase certain supplies without divulging the identity of the parent .
the washington state supreme court ruled that the state's occupation tax applied to sales , made at cost to an oil company , by a wholly-owned subsidiary set up to [buy] certain supplies without divulging the identity of the parent .

In the famous Danbury Hatters case , a suit was brought against the union by the Loewe Company for monopolistic practices , e.g. , trying to persuade consumers not to purchase the product of the struck manufacturer .
in the famous danbury hatters case , a suit was brought against the union by the loewe company for monopolistic practices , e.g. , trying to persuade consumers not to [buy] the product of the struck manufacturer .

at will , the voice of the auctioneer , the voices of the bidders , and finally the small boy who had been so interested in Mr. Podger's hammock purchase .
at will , the voice of the auctioneer , the voices of the bidders , and finally the small boy who had been so interested in mr. podger's hammock [buy] .

When the stock exchange opened this morning , many dealers were quick to purchase shares in Douglas , Lockheed and United Aircraft and prices rose substantially .
when the stock exchange opened this morning , many dealers were quick to [buy] shares in douglas , lockheed and united aircraft and prices rose substantially .

There was a time when , if a man wanted to purchase a boat , it was necessary for him to be able to produce a sizeable amount of cash before he could touch the tiller or wheel .
there was a time when , if a man wanted to [buy] a boat , it was necessary for him to be able to produce a sizeable amount of cash before he could touch the tiller or wheel .

two Ranger Fund purchase awards ; ;
two ranger fund [buy] awards ; ;

the Blair Purchase Prize for watercolor , Art Institute of Chicago ; ;
the blair [buy] prize for watercolor , art institute of chicago ; ;

He was elected to the National Academy of Design as an Associate in the oil class in 1931 ( after receiving his first Ranger Fund Purchase Prize at the Academy in 1930 ) , and elevated to Academicianship in 1940 .
he was elected to the national academy of design as an associate in the oil class in 1931 ( after receiving his first ranger fund [buy] prize at the academy in 1930 ) , and elevated to academicianship in 1940 .

To the manufacturer of the more convenient-type product -- the purchase of which can be switched , delayed , or put off entirely -- the implications are important .
to the manufacturer of the more convenient-type product -- the [buy] of which can be switched , delayed , or put off entirely -- the implications are important .

`` We are menaced for the first time in the history of the Republic by the open and unblushing effort of a multi-millionaire to purchase the Presidential nomination .
`` we are menaced for the first time in the history of the republic by the open and unblushing effort of a multi-millionaire to [buy] the presidential nomination .

the purchase of equipment , facilities , machinery , supplies , or materials ; ;
the [buy] of equipment , facilities , machinery , supplies , or materials ; ;

Purchase of state vehicles is handled similarly to all state purchases .
[buy] of state vehicles is handled similarly to all state purchases .

Vehicle purchase , assignment and use policies .
vehicle [buy] , assignment and use policies .

The meaningful policies governing the purchase , assignment , use and management of state vehicles have been shaped by the state's administrative officers .
the meaningful policies governing the [buy] , assignment , use and management of state vehicles have been shaped by the state's administrative officers .

The purchase of compact ( economy ) cars is being made currently on a test basis .
the [buy] of compact ( economy ) cars is being made currently on a test basis .

It embraced determining when to purchase and when to trade vehicles , who was to drive , when and where repairs were to be made , where gasoline and automobile services were to be obtained and other allied matters .
it embraced determining when to [buy] and when to trade vehicles , who was to drive , when and where repairs were to be made , where gasoline and automobile services were to be obtained and other allied matters .

The purchase of state-owned vehicles is handled in the same manner as all other purchases of the state .
the [buy] of state-owned vehicles is handled in the same manner as all other purchases of the state .

Bids are evaluated by the Division of Purchases with the assistance of pool staff , and awards for the purchase of the automobiles are made to the lowest responsible bidders .
bids are evaluated by the division of purchases with the assistance of pool staff , and awards for the [buy] of the automobiles are made to the lowest responsible bidders .

The assignment and use of vehicles after purchase is another matter to be covered in detail later .
the assignment and use of vehicles after [buy] is another matter to be covered in detail later .

Vehicle purchase , assignment , and use policies
vehicle [buy] , assignment , and use policies

Probably the most important of all matters for review are the broad administrative policies governing the purchase , assignment , use , and management of state vehicles .
probably the most important of all matters for review are the broad administrative policies governing the [buy] , assignment , use , and management of state vehicles .

The legislature's role in policy determination in this area for years has been confined almost solely to the amount of funds appropriated annually for the purchase and operation of vehicles .
the legislature's role in policy determination in this area for years has been confined almost solely to the amount of funds appropriated annually for the [buy] and operation of vehicles .

acquire secret processes , technical data , inventions , patent applications , patents , licenses , land and interests in land ( including water rights ) , plants and facilities , and other property or rights by purchase , license , lease , or donation ; ;
acquire secret processes , technical data , inventions , patent applications , patents , licenses , land and interests in land ( including water rights ) , plants and facilities , and other property or rights by [buy] , license , lease , or donation ; ;

and General Motors and Du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any Du Pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by General Motors to Du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies .
and general motors and du pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the [buy] by general motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any du pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by general motors to du pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of general motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies .

Land adjustment , land purchase , land use
land adjustment , land [buy] , land use

In many others , the previous patenting of land under the public land laws , or the way in which land was available for purchase , resulted in a scattered pattern of ownership .
in many others , the previous patenting of land under the public land laws , or the way in which land was available for [buy] , resulted in a scattered pattern of ownership .

The long-range objective is to bring about consolidation of ownership through use of land exchange authority and through purchase on a moderate scale of inholdings which comprise key tracts for recognized National Forest programs such as recreation development , or which are a source of damage to lands in National Forests and National Grasslands .
the long-range objective is to bring about consolidation of ownership through use of land exchange authority and through [buy] on a moderate scale of inholdings which comprise key tracts for recognized national forest programs such as recreation development , or which are a source of damage to lands in national forests and national grasslands .

Purchase authorizations will include provisions relating to the sale and delivery of commodities , including the classes , types and/or varieties of food grain , the time and circumstances of deposit of the rupees accruing from such sale , and other relevant matters .
[buy] authorizations will include provisions relating to the sale and delivery of commodities , including the classes , types and/or varieties of food grain , the time and circumstances of deposit of the rupees accruing from such sale , and other relevant matters .

The two Governments agree that the issuance of purchase authorizations for wheat and rice providing for purchase after June 30 , 1961 , shall be dependent upon the determination by the United States Government that these commodities are in surplus supply and available under Title 1 , of the Act at that time .
the two governments agree that the issuance of [buy] authorizations for wheat and rice providing for [buy] after june 30 , 1961 , shall be dependent upon the determination by the united states government that these commodities are in surplus supply and available under title 1 , of the act at that time .

The deposit of rupees to the account of the Government of the United States of America in payment for the commodities and for ocean transportation costs financed by the Government of the United States of America ( except excess costs resulting from the requirement that United States flag vessels be used ) shall be made at the rate of exchange for United States dollars generally applicable to import transactions ( excluding imports granted a preferential rate ) in effect on the dates of dollar disbursement by United States banks , or by the Government of the United States of America , as provided in the purchase authorizations .
the deposit of rupees to the account of the government of the united states of america in payment for the commodities and for ocean transportation costs financed by the government of the united states of america ( except excess costs resulting from the requirement that united states flag vessels be used ) shall be made at the rate of exchange for united states dollars generally applicable to import transactions ( excluding imports granted a preferential rate ) in effect on the dates of dollar disbursement by united states banks , or by the government of the united states of america , as provided in the [buy] authorizations .

The Government of India agrees that it will take all possible measures to prevent the resale or transshipment to other countries or the use for other than domestic purposes ( except where such resale , transshipment or use is specifically approved by the Government of the United States of America ) , of the surplus agricultural commodities purchased pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement , and to assure that the purchase of such commodities does not result in increased availability of these or like commodities for export from India .
the government of india agrees that it will take all possible measures to prevent the resale or transshipment to other countries or the use for other than domestic purposes ( except where such resale , transshipment or use is specifically approved by the government of the united states of america ) , of the surplus agricultural commodities purchased pursuant to the provisions of this agreement , and to assure that the [buy] of such commodities does not result in increased availability of these or like commodities for export from india .

You may deduct these payments even though your child uses the money to purchase his own clothing or other necessities which you are normally obligated to furnish him , and even though you may be entitled to his services .
you may deduct these payments even though your child uses the money to [buy] his own clothing or other necessities which you are normally obligated to furnish him , and even though you may be entitled to his services .

We will then occupy the new plant under lease , with an option to purchase .
we will then occupy the new plant under lease , with an option to [buy] .

Each was told to purchase material if he felt like it .
each was told to [buy] material if he felt like it .

In a way , we may be witnessing the same thing in the sales of automobiles today as the public no longer is willing to purchase any car coming on the market but is more insistent on compact cars free of the frills which were accepted in the Fifties .
in a way , we may be witnessing the same thing in the sales of automobiles today as the public no longer is willing to [buy] any car coming on the market but is more insistent on compact cars free of the frills which were accepted in the fifties .

In fact , a cash purchase of a corporation's stock followed by liquidation might also be an effective way to transfer a claim for refund if the Kimbell-Diamond doctrine is not applied to eliminate the intermediate step .
in fact , a cash [buy] of a corporation's stock followed by liquidation might also be an effective way to transfer a claim for refund if the kimbell-diamond doctrine is not applied to eliminate the intermediate step .

If such an unlikely transaction were to take place , it would more logically be accomplished by a stock purchase , followed by the prosecution of the claim by the wholly-owned subsidiary , followed by liquidation .
if such an unlikely transaction were to take place , it would more logically be accomplished by a stock [buy] , followed by the prosecution of the claim by the wholly-owned subsidiary , followed by liquidation .

Fire District No. 1 discussed its possible purchase in 1945 , but considered it an unwise investment .
fire district no. 1 discussed its possible [buy] in 1945 , but considered it an unwise investment .

But whenever a major purchase was contemplated forty years ago -- a new bedroom set or a winter coat , an Easter bonnet , a bicycle for Junior -- the family set off for the downtown department store , where the selection would be greatest .
but whenever a major [buy] was contemplated forty years ago -- a new bedroom set or a winter coat , an easter bonnet , a bicycle for junior -- the family set off for the downtown department store , where the selection would be greatest .

The purchase was effected and they made their way towards the hotel again , the hen , with whom some sort of communication had been set up , nestling in the doctor's arms .
the [buy] was effected and they made their way towards the hotel again , the hen , with whom some sort of communication had been set up , nestling in the doctor's arms .

She did not notice that the customer seized her purchase and turned away without a smile or a word of thanks .
she did not notice that the customer seized her [buy] and turned away without a smile or a word of thanks .

I want you to find Monsieur Prieur at once and give him this money for the boy's purchase .
i want you to find monsieur prieur at once and give him this money for the boy's [buy] .

British Aerospace has been told it will not have to repay more than forty-four million pounds in sweeteners from the Government given as an incentive to clinch the Rover purchase deal .
british aerospace has been told it will not have to repay more than forty-four million pounds in sweeteners from the government given as an incentive to clinch the rover [buy] deal .

When owners of expensive computer games have conquered all the complexities of their latest purchase the only thing to do has been to buy another , harder game .
when owners of expensive computer games have conquered all the complexities of their latest [buy] the only thing to do has been to buy another , harder game .

It 's estimated that there are over 2.5 million people in debt in Britain , their debts can range from getting behind on hire purchase agreements to substantial mortgage arrears .
it 's estimated that there are over 2.5 million people in debt in britain , their debts can range from getting behind on hire [buy] agreements to substantial mortgage arrears .

The maker of one of the world 's most exclusive cars is offering its customers a guarantee that their purchase will last at least seventy-five years .
the maker of one of the world 's most exclusive cars is offering its customers a guarantee that their [buy] will last at least seventy-five years .

The facts of the tragic purchase that killed Wendy Handy in May emerged this afternoon at coroner 's court in Swindon .
the facts of the tragic [buy] that killed wendy handy in may emerged this afternoon at coroner 's court in swindon .

Well it seals it but it also helps to erm give you some purchase you see for
well it seals it but it also helps to erm give you some [buy] you see for

Hire purchase is twenty .
hire [buy] is twenty .

So did you tell Charlotte where she could er purchase one ?
so did you tell charlotte where she could er [buy] one ?

The council 's permission to the joint purchase was required because the woman had not been resident for six months .
the council 's permission to the joint [buy] was required because the woman had not been resident for six months .

The report stressed that the original intention of right-to-buy legislation was to enable public sector tenants to purchase the houses they occupied .
the report stressed that the original intention of right-to-buy legislation was to enable public sector tenants to [buy] the houses they occupied .

There should be only one opportunity for discount ; otherwise the full purchase price should apply , he said .
there should be only one opportunity for discount ; otherwise the full [buy] price should apply , he said .

The Scotsman has learned that the National Art Collections Fund has stripped the university of a purchase grant worth several thousand pounds because of its disquiet at the proposed sale .
the scotsman has learned that the national art collections fund has stripped the university of a [buy] grant worth several thousand pounds because of its disquiet at the proposed sale .

British National Collections were made aware of the plan to sell the Turner — and the Constable and Gainsborough — but no proposals to purchase were received .
british national collections were made aware of the plan to sell the turner — and the constable and gainsborough — but no proposals to [buy] were received .

At 10:58am , two minutes before the deadline set by the Scottish Office , which bought the house from Tayside Regional Council under compulsory purchase to clear the way for the road , sheriff officers arrived to execute the eviction warrant .
at 10:58am , two minutes before the deadline set by the scottish office , which bought the house from tayside regional council under compulsory [buy] to clear the way for the road , sheriff officers arrived to execute the eviction warrant .

The marketing manager , Robin Pollok , comments : ‘ Schemes that offer to sell shares free of charge usually have a fee for the trust purchase , so the transaction is not really ‘ free ’ .
the marketing manager , robin pollok , comments : ‘ schemes that offer to sell shares free of charge usually have a fee for the trust [buy] , so the transaction is not really ‘ free ’ .

He was also accused of having committed Falkirk to a contract for the sale of its ground at Brockville Park and the purchase of a site for a new ground without the board 's knowledge .
he was also accused of having committed falkirk to a contract for the sale of its ground at brockville park and the [buy] of a site for a new ground without the board 's knowledge .

The purchase of Glass Glover comes just weeks before it was due to float on the stock market .
the [buy] of glass glover comes just weeks before it was due to float on the stock market .

The pursuers then concluded a contract for the purchase of the house but subsequently raised an action of damages against the defenders , based on negligence , in which they averred that there were many patent defects in the house which should have been apparent to surveyors of ordinary competence exercising reasonable care .
the pursuers then concluded a contract for the [buy] of the house but subsequently raised an action of damages against the defenders , based on negligence , in which they averred that there were many patent defects in the house which should have been apparent to surveyors of ordinary competence exercising reasonable care .

While the original purchase price was £28.8 million , the property had already been written down in the balance sheet to take account of the general fall in values .
while the original [buy] price was £28.8 million , the property had already been written down in the balance sheet to take account of the general fall in values .

Russell established its European manufacturing operations in Scotland following the June 1989 purchase of Cloathbond of Livingston .
russell established its european manufacturing operations in scotland following the june 1989 [buy] of cloathbond of livingston .

The purchase has been structured around an immediate £19 million cash payment , with the balance deferred until October 1993 .
the [buy] has been structured around an immediate £19 million cash payment , with the balance deferred until october 1993 .

‘ The purchase is part of a clear strategy .
‘ the [buy] is part of a clear strategy .

It will be up to the exporter to make sure that lambs have the correct certification and presumably they will make this a condition of purchase , ’ a ministry specialist said .
it will be up to the exporter to make sure that lambs have the correct certification and presumably they will make this a condition of [buy] , ’ a ministry specialist said .

( You can do a similar exercise with similarly startling results on the customer service side by , as they put it , ‘ stapling yourself to a purchase order ’ and watching how many hands it passes through ) .
( you can do a similar exercise with similarly startling results on the customer service side by , as they put it , ‘ stapling yourself to a [buy] order ’ and watching how many hands it passes through ) .

There are four main methods of funding : cash purchase , bank overdraft , hire purchase and leasing .
there are four main methods of funding : cash [buy] , bank overdraft , hire [buy] and leasing .

Cash purchase is the cheapest , if you have the funds available .
cash [buy] is the cheapest , if you have the funds available .

Hire purchase would also incur a tax deductible interest cost , and again tax capital allowances would be available for the capital cost .
hire [buy] would also incur a tax deductible interest cost , and again tax capital allowances would be available for the capital cost .

Are you as a shareholder in a position to finance the purchase ? If so , buy them outright .
are you as a shareholder in a position to finance the [buy] ? if so , buy them outright .

It will fund the purchase via a two-for-seven rights issue at 52p a share to raise a total of £31.4 million .
it will fund the [buy] via a two-for-seven rights issue at 52p a share to raise a total of £31.4 million .

But a Government clause says Caldaire is only allowed to keep 35pc of the purchase price above £1.3m .
but a government clause says caldaire is only allowed to keep 35pc of the [buy] price above £1.3m .

Purchase cash :
[buy] cash :

Bowater yesterday asked its shareholders for £333.5m to help fund the purchase of two packaging firms .
bowater yesterday asked its shareholders for £333.5m to help fund the [buy] of two packaging firms .

This gives shoppers the right to purchase donated goods at very low prices .
this gives shoppers the right to [buy] donated goods at very low prices .

An unnamed buyer has agreed to purchase the site for an undisclosed sum .
an unnamed buyer has agreed to [buy] the site for an undisclosed sum .

Argyll and the Islands Enterprise executives are anxious to purchase the 44-acre site at Sandbank , near Dunoon , for industrial use .
argyll and the islands enterprise executives are anxious to [buy] the 44-acre site at sandbank , near dunoon , for industrial use .

Sport in Scotland , an Inverness firm which organises shooting and fishing holidays and publishes two sporting gazettes , funded the purchase of 15 young elephants which would have been shot to reduce overpopulation in a Zimbabwean national park .
sport in scotland , an inverness firm which organises shooting and fishing holidays and publishes two sporting gazettes , funded the [buy] of 15 young elephants which would have been shot to reduce overpopulation in a zimbabwean national park .

She added : ‘ This purchase of coal from Monktonhall emphasises our well-documented policy of choosing Scottish coal , providing the price is competitive and the quality is acceptable to the company . ’
she added : ‘ this [buy] of coal from monktonhall emphasises our well-documented policy of choosing scottish coal , providing the price is competitive and the quality is acceptable to the company . ’

He was unaware of any ‘ common kitty ’ at Kenway Tyres for the purchase of drugs .
he was unaware of any ‘ common kitty ’ at kenway tyres for the [buy] of drugs .

Last May , several months after the purchase , the daughter discovered that her father had sexually abused her older sisters while they were children .
last may , several months after the [buy] , the daughter discovered that her father had sexually abused her older sisters while they were children .

In 1976 , Mr Clark Hutchison underlined his opposition to the establishment of a Scottish assembly by making an unsuccessful attempt to block Government plans to spend £1 million on the purchase and conversion of the Royal High School , Edinburgh , to house the Scottish assembly .
in 1976 , mr clark hutchison underlined his opposition to the establishment of a scottish assembly by making an unsuccessful attempt to block government plans to spend £1 million on the [buy] and conversion of the royal high school , edinburgh , to house the scottish assembly .

However , Mr Darling maintained that the hospital had written to a number of public bodies — including Lothian Regional Council — asking them to advertise in a children 's book , the proceeds of which would go to the purchase of baby heaters .
however , mr darling maintained that the hospital had written to a number of public bodies — including lothian regional council — asking them to advertise in a children 's book , the proceeds of which would go to the [buy] of baby heaters .

In the letter to patients the doctors write : ‘ It is our belief that health boards and fund holding general practitioners will find that they are , like anyone else in the health service , short of money and that they may be reluctant to purchase [ these services ] on behalf of their patients . ’
in the letter to patients the doctors write : ‘ it is our belief that health boards and fund holding general practitioners will find that they are , like anyone else in the health service , short of money and that they may be reluctant to [buy] [ these services ] on behalf of their patients . ’

Spreading the annuity purchase over a period of years will average out rates over that period , but whether this will result in a bigger pension at the end of the day is highly speculative .
spreading the annuity [buy] over a period of years will average out rates over that period , but whether this will result in a bigger pension at the end of the day is highly speculative .

One could argue that this point could be covered in the sale and purchase negotiations , but it is a bit dangerous to rely on this happening during the frantic cut and thrust of a takeover deal .
one could argue that this point could be covered in the sale and [buy] negotiations , but it is a bit dangerous to rely on this happening during the frantic cut and thrust of a takeover deal .

More significant is Kingfisher Group 's purchase of Darty , a major electrical goods retailer , which sees the ‘ nation of shopkeepers ’ getting a firm foothold in the Gallic market place .
more significant is kingfisher group 's [buy] of darty , a major electrical goods retailer , which sees the ‘ nation of shopkeepers ’ getting a firm foothold in the gallic market place .

Mr Clamp said the Budget move could also force more employers away from final salary pension schemes and into money purchase schemes which do not guarantee retirement benefits .
mr clamp said the budget move could also force more employers away from final salary pension schemes and into money [buy] schemes which do not guarantee retirement benefits .

The funds are to purchase malted barley , yeast and oak casks , and for the use of labour and stills at Tobermory , as well as the later transport of the fine spirit to Customs-approved bonds .
the funds are to [buy] malted barley , yeast and oak casks , and for the use of labour and stills at tobermory , as well as the later transport of the fine spirit to customs-approved bonds .

Other forms of credit , personal loans and hire purchase are still expensive , though , and consumers on recent evidence would rather haggle than borrow .
other forms of credit , personal loans and hire [buy] are still expensive , though , and consumers on recent evidence would rather haggle than borrow .

They stress that the only farmers who can benefit from the immediate purchase of ewe premium rights are those who have submitted a 1993 claim for more sheep than they have quota and are buying or leasing retrospectively .
they stress that the only farmers who can benefit from the immediate [buy] of ewe premium rights are those who have submitted a 1993 claim for more sheep than they have quota and are buying or leasing retrospectively .

Bowater 's retiring chairman , Norman Ireland , described the purchase as an ‘ exhilarating opportunity ’ and said trading in the last four months of 1992 had been good and this had carried on into the first two months of this year .
bowater 's retiring chairman , norman ireland , described the [buy] as an ‘ exhilarating opportunity ’ and said trading in the last four months of 1992 had been good and this had carried on into the first two months of this year .

This has proved to be over optimistic as Haymarket was forced to withdraw from the purchase after a key investor pulled out .
this has proved to be over optimistic as haymarket was forced to withdraw from the [buy] after a key investor pulled out .

‘ The club were given a deadline of November 29 1991 for confirmation of the terms agreed with their agents , but the agents have recently confirmed that the club no longer wish to purchase the property . ’
‘ the club were given a deadline of november 29 1991 for confirmation of the terms agreed with their agents , but the agents have recently confirmed that the club no longer wish to [buy] the property . ’

But the Government clause which says Caldaire can only keep 35pc of any purchase price above £1.3m makes a move virtually impossible .
but the government clause which says caldaire can only keep 35pc of any [buy] price above £1.3m makes a move virtually impossible .

The Wallace Clan Trust for Scotland hopes to raise £1 million to purchase an area of land in the West of Scotland , to be used as a new clan seat .
the wallace clan trust for scotland hopes to raise £1 million to [buy] an area of land in the west of scotland , to be used as a new clan seat .

Even if Brady were able to sell one of several players who would be allowed to leave the club in response to a reasonable offer , Celtic 's bankers might be unwilling to let them use the money for the purchase of McGinlay or anybody else .
even if brady were able to sell one of several players who would be allowed to leave the club in response to a reasonable offer , celtic 's bankers might be unwilling to let them use the money for the [buy] of mcginlay or anybody else .

Sainsbury has expressed an interest in the site but a Government clause imposed during the bus privatisation programme means Caldaire can keep only 35pc of the purchase price above £1.3 million effectively making a move financially impossible .
sainsbury has expressed an interest in the site but a government clause imposed during the bus privatisation programme means caldaire can keep only 35pc of the [buy] price above £1.3 million effectively making a move financially impossible .

He has approved compulsory purchase orders and side roads orders connected with the proposed Rhuddlan bypass , work on which is due to start during the coming year .
he has approved compulsory [buy] orders and side roads orders connected with the proposed rhuddlan bypass , work on which is due to start during the coming year .

The Priority Care Unit benefitted to the tune of £2,300 with the purchase of outward bound equipment for the young people 's unit , mirrors for the occupational therapy unit at Ellesmere Port and equipment for the physiotherapy gym , plus televisions , videos and pictures for wards .
the priority care unit benefitted to the tune of £2,300 with the [buy] of outward bound equipment for the young people 's unit , mirrors for the occupational therapy unit at ellesmere port and equipment for the physiotherapy gym , plus televisions , videos and pictures for wards .

One of our members told how a German lady met in a Festival bus queue had sent money for the purchase of books for her grandchildren .
one of our members told how a german lady met in a festival bus queue had sent money for the [buy] of books for her grandchildren .

Some 429 members of the Kirk 's congregation contributed towards the purchase of the Mace and their names are contained within .
some 429 members of the kirk 's congregation contributed towards the [buy] of the mace and their names are contained within .

Any Medau member may now purchase leotards and leisurewear direct from Freetime at the wholesale price on single orders by quoting their membership number .
any medau member may now [buy] leotards and leisurewear direct from freetime at the wholesale price on single orders by quoting their membership number .

Since March of this year quality greetings cards in many designs have been available for Society members to purchase for £1.00 each .
since march of this year quality greetings cards in many designs have been available for society members to [buy] for £1.00 each .

The voucher may then be forwarded to the office together with the member 's name , and a refund of the purchase price will be made to the organiser by the Medau Society .
the voucher may then be forwarded to the office together with the member 's name , and a refund of the [buy] price will be made to the organiser by the medau society .

In 1966 it was Beryl who found the advertisement which led to the purchase of the property in Balham which became Medau House , the Society 's Headquarters for many years .
in 1966 it was beryl who found the advertisement which led to the [buy] of the property in balham which became medau house , the society 's headquarters for many years .

In her memory the classes contributed towards the purchase of class equipment , and with the money donated bought a number of coloured ribbons and wands .
in her memory the classes contributed towards the [buy] of class equipment , and with the money donated bought a number of coloured ribbons and wands .

Clearly , our view of the importance of the 64.7 % increase in the price of first-class stamps or the 40 % increase in the purchase of second class stamps depends on the value involved .
clearly , our view of the importance of the 64.7 % increase in the price of first-class stamps or the 40 % increase in the [buy] of second class stamps depends on the value involved .

These are transaction prices , ignoring hire purchase charges , ‘ co-op ’ dividends and discounts not given to all customers .
these are transaction prices , ignoring hire [buy] charges , ‘ co-op ’ dividends and discounts not given to all customers .

Personal Pensions are ‘ money purchase ’ plans whereby the retirement benefits depend mainly on the amount of funds paid in and the return on investment , whereas the company schemes can be either money purchase or ‘ final salary ’ , where the benefits are based on the employee 's salary and length of service .
personal pensions are ‘ money [buy] ’ plans whereby the retirement benefits depend mainly on the amount of funds paid in and the return on investment , whereas the company schemes can be either money [buy] or ‘ final salary ’ , where the benefits are based on the employee 's salary and length of service .

For the industrial and commercial sector services include leasing , factoring , industrial hire purchase , commercial loans and stocking loans , and block discounting .
for the industrial and commercial sector services include leasing , factoring , industrial hire [buy] , commercial loans and stocking loans , and block discounting .

Hire purchase — personal customers hire goods for an agreed length of time and buy them at the end of the period for a low price .
hire [buy] — personal customers hire goods for an agreed length of time and buy them at the end of the period for a low price .

Industrial Hire Purchase — the same as hire-purchase for personal customers but for items of capital equipment .
industrial hire [buy] — the same as hire-purchase for personal customers but for items of capital equipment .

The difference between the purchase price and its value at maturity ( nominal value ) will be its yield or return ; the bill will therefore be sold at a discount to its nominal value .
the difference between the [buy] price and its value at maturity ( nominal value ) will be its yield or return ; the bill will therefore be sold at a discount to its nominal value .

The original purchaser may hold the Treasury bill to maturity if he so wishes , present the bill for repayment and pocket the difference between the original purchase and its nominal , maturity value .
the original purchaser may hold the treasury bill to maturity if he so wishes , present the bill for repayment and pocket the difference between the original [buy] and its nominal , maturity value .

( The purchase of Treasury bills takes money out of the money markets as it flows to the government , therefore sales of Treasury bills during a shortage creates a greater shortage .
( the [buy] of treasury bills takes money out of the money markets as it flows to the government , therefore sales of treasury bills during a shortage creates a greater shortage .

Finance Houses provide funds for hire purchase , leasing and trade stock financing .
finance houses provide funds for hire [buy] , leasing and trade stock financing .

During periods of acute cash shortages the Bank may purchase gilt-edged stock under a repurchase ( repro ) agreement .
during periods of acute cash shortages the bank may [buy] gilt-edged stock under a repurchase ( repro ) agreement .

Thus the Bank does not usually purchase bills with a maturity greater than 3 months .
thus the bank does not usually [buy] bills with a maturity greater than 3 months .

It does not usually purchase eligible bank bills within seven days of their acceptance .
it does not usually [buy] eligible bank bills within seven days of their acceptance .

He did n't want to run into Ballater again ; his wish to purchase the cottage put him in the enemy camp and threatened his peace .
he did n't want to run into ballater again ; his wish to [buy] the cottage put him in the enemy camp and threatened his peace .

Airtours , based at Rossendale , Lancs , will have nearly 550 travel agencies following the purchase of Hogg Robinson 's 214 shops , making it the second biggest operator behind Thomas Cook .
airtours , based at rossendale , lancs , will have nearly 550 travel agencies following the [buy] of hogg robinson 's 214 shops , making it the second biggest operator behind thomas cook .

Airtours will have nearly 550 travel agencies following the purchase of Hogg Robinson 's 214 shops , making it the second biggest operator behind Thomas Cook .
airtours will have nearly 550 travel agencies following the [buy] of hogg robinson 's 214 shops , making it the second biggest operator behind thomas cook .

While yesterday 's purchase price was kept confidential it is believed that Mr Arkley paid between £150,000 and £200,000 for each of his new pubs .
while yesterday 's [buy] price was kept confidential it is believed that mr arkley paid between £150,000 and £200,000 for each of his new pubs .

West View Writers Circle , Hartlepool , £750 , towards publication costs of book ‘ Recollections of Old Hartlepool ’ ; Hartlepool Toy Library and Playbus , £4,200 , towards purchase of toys and production of video ; Cleveland Rotofac Trust , £3,000 , towards the cost of a boat to take people with learning difficulties on cruises .
west view writers circle , hartlepool , £750 , towards publication costs of book ‘ recollections of old hartlepool ’ ; hartlepool toy library and playbus , £4,200 , towards [buy] of toys and production of video ; cleveland rotofac trust , £3,000 , towards the cost of a boat to take people with learning difficulties on cruises .

Central Park parents and children 's association , Hartlepool , £650 , for equipment and running costs of Barney 's After School Club ; Billingham Gingerbread , £500 , for toys , camping equipment and running costs ; Park Methodist Day Centre , Middlesbrough , £500 , towards the purchase of a snooker table ; Age Concern Cleveland , £500 , towards the cost of leisure equipment for their Middlesbrough Leisure Club .
central park parents and children 's association , hartlepool , £650 , for equipment and running costs of barney 's after school club ; billingham gingerbread , £500 , for toys , camping equipment and running costs ; park methodist day centre , middlesbrough , £500 , towards the [buy] of a snooker table ; age concern cleveland , £500 , towards the cost of leisure equipment for their middlesbrough leisure club .

Although Raytheon has guaranteed to purchase the major sub assemblies , fuselage and wings , from the main BAe Airbus plant at Broughton , there is no guarantee of continued assembly by the 600 staff of Corporate Jets .
although raytheon has guaranteed to [buy] the major sub assemblies , fuselage and wings , from the main bae airbus plant at broughton , there is no guarantee of continued assembly by the 600 staff of corporate jets .

Although Raytheon has guaranteed to purchase the major sub-assemblies , fuselage and wings from the main BAe Airbus plant at Broughton , there is no guarantee of continued assembly by the 600 staff of Corporate Jets .
although raytheon has guaranteed to [buy] the major sub-assemblies , fuselage and wings from the main bae airbus plant at broughton , there is no guarantee of continued assembly by the 600 staff of corporate jets .

Middlesbrough council yesterday announced it was hoping to donate £3,000 towards the purchase of computer equipment for the project .
middlesbrough council yesterday announced it was hoping to donate £3,000 towards the [buy] of computer equipment for the project .

The Specification will be available for purchase on payment of £100 , non-returnable .
the specification will be available for [buy] on payment of £100 , non-returnable .

One threatened to bed down on a couple 's settee while they slept on a purchase , while an angry consumer from Redcar had to call police to get rid of another salesman .
one threatened to bed down on a couple 's settee while they slept on a [buy] , while an angry consumer from redcar had to call police to get rid of another salesman .

‘ In the event of an assessment of stress the purchase would be aborted . ’
‘ in the event of an assessment of stress the [buy] would be aborted . ’

The Athletic News snorted indignantly : ‘ As a matter of commerce , ten young recruits at £100 a piece might have paid better , and as a matter of sport , the Second Division would be more honourable than retention of places by purchase . ’
the athletic news snorted indignantly : ‘ as a matter of commerce , ten young recruits at £100 a piece might have paid better , and as a matter of sport , the second division would be more honourable than retention of places by [buy] . ’

Last night , a notice from the rugby club appeared in foyer of the social club stating that a ‘ substantial offer ’ had been made by a supermarket chain to purchase the whole ground .
last night , a notice from the rugby club appeared in foyer of the social club stating that a ‘ substantial offer ’ had been made by a supermarket chain to [buy] the whole ground .

Developers Foinavon has offered £5m for the purchase of the whole of the ground with the intention of developing the site as a giant supermarket .
developers foinavon has offered £5m for the [buy] of the whole of the ground with the intention of developing the site as a giant supermarket .

It 's the legacy of the Irish Football Association 's promotion , whereby fans buying tickets for last night 's Latvia game were given the opportunity to purchase a similar amount for the Republic of Ireland 's visit in November .
it 's the legacy of the irish football association 's promotion , whereby fans buying tickets for last night 's latvia game were given the opportunity to [buy] a similar amount for the republic of ireland 's visit in november .

‘ Those people — and thousands of them went through the proper procedure — will be contacted later this month and given the opportunity to purchase their tickets for the next home game .
‘ those people — and thousands of them went through the proper procedure — will be contacted later this month and given the opportunity to [buy] their tickets for the next home game .

And the terms of such schemes are so attractive that they are now a real alternative to the traditional method of securing a set of wheels , that of outright purchase .
and the terms of such schemes are so attractive that they are now a real alternative to the traditional method of securing a set of wheels , that of outright [buy] .

They then agree with the dealer how much it will be worth in two years ' time , which is the optional final purchase payment .
they then agree with the dealer how much it will be worth in two years ' time , which is the optional final [buy] payment .

It is similar to other schemes in allowing customers to reduce their monthly repayments in comparison to outright purchase or choosing a higher specification car than they could normally afford .
it is similar to other schemes in allowing customers to reduce their monthly repayments in comparison to outright [buy] or choosing a higher specification car than they could normally afford .

‘ Is it not the time when all those who have an interest in our industry should sit down and discuss our future together and try to get back to the situation where the industry controls and governs itself instead of allowing it to be manipulated by those who purchase our product ?
‘ is it not the time when all those who have an interest in our industry should sit down and discuss our future together and try to get back to the situation where the industry controls and governs itself instead of allowing it to be manipulated by those who [buy] our product ?

House-hunters in the Castlereagh area still have the opportunity to purchase a few remaining properties through the scheme and can get further information by ringing freephone 333644 .
house-hunters in the castlereagh area still have the opportunity to [buy] a few remaining properties through the scheme and can get further information by ringing freephone 333644 .

You cover the parts listed on pages two and three , which is engine , gearbox , erm differential , prop shaft , brakes , electrical , etc. , but that 's qualified by the fact that you do n't cover any parts which were faulty at the time of purchase , or inherent faults at the time of purchase ,
you cover the parts listed on pages two and three , which is engine , gearbox , erm differential , prop shaft , brakes , electrical , etc. , but that 's qualified by the fact that you do n't cover any parts which were faulty at the time of [buy] , or inherent faults at the time of [buy] ,

erm the policies are offered in general most dealers in fairness this question of charging for the policy , in the majority of dealers that we 've actually got they include it within the within the purchase price of the vehicle anyway .
erm the policies are offered in general most dealers in fairness this question of charging for the policy , in the majority of dealers that we 've actually got they include it within the within the [buy] price of the vehicle anyway .

Overall , more than nine out of ten ( 93 % ) of the very recent ( post-1976 ) publications issued to readers had come to the Library under copyright deposit legislation , the remainder having been acquired by purchase ( 6 % ) or donation ( 2 % ) .
overall , more than nine out of ten ( 93 % ) of the very recent ( post-1976 ) publications issued to readers had come to the library under copyright deposit legislation , the remainder having been acquired by [buy] ( 6 % ) or donation ( 2 % ) .

Of the few very recent publications in languages other than English , most ( 93 % ) had been acquired by purchase .
of the few very recent publications in languages other than english , most ( 93 % ) had been acquired by [buy] .

On the other hand , it is worth noting that although the proportion of English-language material which had been obtained by purchase was small ( 4 % , as opposed to 93 % in the case of foreign-language material ) , because the number of items involved was substantially higher , in numerical terms these items — many of them probably North American publications — outnumbered non-English-language purchases by a factor of three to one .
on the other hand , it is worth noting that although the proportion of english-language material which had been obtained by [buy] was small ( 4 % , as opposed to 93 % in the case of foreign-language material ) , because the number of items involved was substantially higher , in numerical terms these items — many of them probably north american publications — outnumbered non-english-language purchases by a factor of three to one .

The policy for returns of non faulty goods is to give a refund for any item where proof of purchase can be provided .
the policy for returns of non faulty goods is to give a refund for any item where proof of [buy] can be provided .

The report proposes that Section 106 grant be applied towards part funding the purchase of replacements units , at a rate of 50 per cent for low-floor buses and 30 per cent for lift-equipped buses .
the report proposes that section 106 grant be applied towards part funding the [buy] of replacements units , at a rate of 50 per cent for low-floor buses and 30 per cent for lift-equipped buses .

‘ It shows that the public is beginning to realise that for a few pounds spent on car security they can protect their second most expensive purchase , ’ he said .
‘ it shows that the public is beginning to realise that for a few pounds spent on car security they can protect their second most expensive [buy] , ’ he said .

‘ It shows that the public is beginning to realise that for a few pounds spent on car security they can protect their second most expensive purchase . ’
‘ it shows that the public is beginning to realise that for a few pounds spent on car security they can protect their second most expensive [buy] . ’

They can purchase items individually or in any combination to suit the space available in their homes .
they can [buy] items individually or in any combination to suit the space available in their homes .

They can be used to purchase a wheelchair and buy or hire a suitably adapted car or van to restore freedom of movement .
they can be used to [buy] a wheelchair and buy or hire a suitably adapted car or van to restore freedom of movement .

Burtonwood has said it will continue its policy of increasing the size of its estate by the purchase or lease of suitable properties and will take advantage as and when opportunities arise .
burtonwood has said it will continue its policy of increasing the size of its estate by the [buy] or lease of suitable properties and will take advantage as and when opportunities arise .

Similarly , we can say that the purchase of a new machine by a firm is investment — the machine itself will not yield utility to anyone in the current period but will produce ( or help to produce ) consumer goods probably for a long time into the future .
similarly , we can say that the [buy] of a new machine by a firm is investment — the machine itself will not yield utility to anyone in the current period but will produce ( or help to produce ) consumer goods probably for a long time into the future .

In a sense , then , the purchase of consumer durables is both consumption and a form of investment .
in a sense , then , the [buy] of consumer durables is both consumption and a form of investment .

In a money economy , these problems are considerably reduced : clothes , for example , are exchanged for money which can then be used to purchase food .
in a money economy , these problems are considerably reduced : clothes , for example , are exchanged for money which can then be used to [buy] food .

Money enables an individual to delay a potential purchase to the most convenient time by providing him with a way in which to store his purchasing power .
money enables an individual to delay a potential [buy] to the most convenient time by providing him with a way in which to store his purchasing power .

If an issue of a government security is under-subscribed the Issue Department will purchase the remainder , which it will gradually sell to the public .
if an issue of a government security is under-subscribed the issue department will [buy] the remainder , which it will gradually sell to the public .

They borrow short-term funds and use these funds to purchase higher yielding assets , such as Treasury Bills and commercial bills .
they borrow short-term funds and use these funds to [buy] higher yielding assets , such as treasury bills and commercial bills .

This involved the abolition of the traditional distinction between ‘ jobbers ’ and ‘ brokers ’ and the ending of the practice of fixed commissions on the sale and purchase of securities .
this involved the abolition of the traditional distinction between ‘ jobbers ’ and ‘ brokers ’ and the ending of the practice of fixed commissions on the sale and [buy] of securities .

Economists are interested in the economy 's reactions to such changes because society 's ability to purchase goods and services may be affected .
economists are interested in the economy 's reactions to such changes because society 's ability to [buy] goods and services may be affected .

The key to this task is to recognise that buyers purchase benefits and are only interested in product features in as much as they provide the benefits that the customer is looking for .
the key to this task is to recognise that buyers [buy] benefits and are only interested in product features in as much as they provide the benefits that the customer is looking for .

Benefits should be analysed at two levels : those benefits which can be obtained by purchase of a particular type of product ; and those that can be obtained by purchasing that product from a particular supplier .
benefits should be analysed at two levels : those benefits which can be obtained by [buy] of a particular type of product ; and those that can be obtained by purchasing that product from a particular supplier .

If the correct equipment , to suit the buyers ' needs , has been chosen for demonstration , and it performs reliably , the demonstration can move the buyers very much closer to purchase .
if the correct equipment , to suit the buyers ' needs , has been chosen for demonstration , and it performs reliably , the demonstration can move the buyers very much closer to [buy] .

They will see the demonstration through , and probably make some excuse at the end to delay the purchase decision .
they will see the demonstration through , and probably make some excuse at the end to delay the [buy] decision .

The likelihood is that they will not purchase ( or at least not purchase from you ) .
the likelihood is that they will not [buy] ( or at least not [buy] from you ) .

Attempt to translate such needs into a desire to purchase .
attempt to translate such needs into a desire to [buy] .

Buyers who habitually purchase supplies from one supplier may recognise that change involves unwarranted risk .
buyers who habitually [buy] supplies from one supplier may recognise that change involves unwarranted risk .

The level of buyer 's purchase intentions throughout a sales presentation .
the level of buyer 's [buy] intentions throughout a sales presentation .

This closing technique assumes that the buyer is willing to purchase but moves the decision to whether the colour should be red or blue , the delivery should be Tuesday or Friday , the payment in cash or credit , etc .
this closing technique assumes that the buyer is willing to [buy] but moves the decision to whether the colour should be red or blue , the delivery should be tuesday or friday , the payment in cash or credit , etc .

This must be analysed with a view to ensuring that as many potential consumers as possible will have the opportunity to purchase the product or service .
this must be analysed with a view to ensuring that as many potential consumers as possible will have the opportunity to [buy] the product or service .

Price-off coupons , either in or on the pack , may be redeemed against future purchase of the product .
price-off coupons , either in or on the pack , may be redeemed against future [buy] of the product .

The entry form is usually located on or near the product and it is usually required that each entry is accompanied by proofs of purchase .
the entry form is usually located on or near the product and it is usually required that each entry is accompanied by proofs of [buy] .

More recently , free draws have become popular whereby a purchase is not necessary and one shopper merely fills in his or her name on an entry form and ‘ posts ’ it in an entry box in the retail outlet .
more recently , free draws have become popular whereby a [buy] is not necessary and one shopper merely fills in his or her name on an entry form and ‘ posts ’ it in an entry box in the retail outlet .

Apart from the obvious connotation that it puts the recipient under some moral obligation to purchase , it also serves as an advertising medium if the company logo is incorporated in the gift .
apart from the obvious connotation that it puts the recipient under some moral obligation to [buy] , it also serves as an advertising medium if the company logo is incorporated in the gift .

Institutions and businesses purchase goods either for use in their own organisations or for use in the manufacture of other goods .
institutions and businesses [buy] goods either for use in their own organisations or for use in the manufacture of other goods .

Buying decisions often involve a large number of people , particularly in the case of a public authority where a purchasing committee may be involved in a major purchase .
buying decisions often involve a large number of people , particularly in the case of a public authority where a purchasing committee may be involved in a major [buy] .

Such arrangements can be frustrating for salespeople and buyers alike , because they deter free competition ; the buyer does not like to be told from where he or she must purchase , just the same as the salesperson does not relish the thought of having a large part of his or her potential market permanently excluded because of a reciprocal trading arrangement .
such arrangements can be frustrating for salespeople and buyers alike , because they deter free competition ; the buyer does not like to be told from where he or she must [buy] , just the same as the salesperson does not relish the thought of having a large part of his or her potential market permanently excluded because of a reciprocal trading arrangement .

Householders are thus tempted to purchase this less well-known brand more upon the basis of price than comparative performance .
householders are thus tempted to [buy] this less well-known brand more upon the basis of price than comparative performance .

Many goods that we purchase are imported , and everywhere we read that industrialists are striving to increase exports .
many goods that we [buy] are imported , and everywhere we read that industrialists are striving to increase exports .

He will usually be able to purchase in larger quantities , thus saving on delivery costs .
he will usually be able to [buy] in larger quantities , thus saving on delivery costs .

He is an entrepreneur , and accepts risks involved in the purchase and reselling of goods such as local falls in demand and currency fluctuations .
he is an entrepreneur , and accepts risks involved in the [buy] and reselling of goods such as local falls in demand and currency fluctuations .

By pooling their respective resources , plus help from the bank , they were able to acquire a 15-year lease on a small factory and purchase enough equipment to enable them to commence production .
by pooling their respective resources , plus help from the bank , they were able to acquire a 15-year lease on a small factory and [buy] enough equipment to enable them to commence production .

Visitors to the restaurant can also purchase a card .
visitors to the restaurant can also [buy] a card .

Here you are one time only twenty s twenty per cent savings on a single purchase of Debenhams own brand throughout the store erm Debenhams has bought to blah blah blah outstanding values da da da and to encourage to do your Christmas shopping at Debenhams we 'll making a special offer that you wo n't be able to resist until December the twenty fourth commencing on November you can get an amazing twenty per cent off at any Debenhams own bought range , that means you can shop throughout the store , visit every floor , buy all your gifts under one roof and save twenty per cent providing you do all your shopping in one go to get the benefit of the voucher because the voucher can only be used once from men 's , woman 's fashions , accessory , children 's clothes , furnishings , gifts simply present this voucher and attach simply present the voucher attach and receive the train fare discount , we hope you enjoy your shopping .
here you are one time only twenty s twenty per cent savings on a single [buy] of debenhams own brand throughout the store erm debenhams has bought to blah blah blah outstanding values da da da and to encourage to do your christmas shopping at debenhams we 'll making a special offer that you wo n't be able to resist until december the twenty fourth commencing on november you can get an amazing twenty per cent off at any debenhams own bought range , that means you can shop throughout the store , visit every floor , buy all your gifts under one roof and save twenty per cent providing you do all your shopping in one go to get the benefit of the voucher because the voucher can only be used once from men 's , woman 's fashions , accessory , children 's clothes , furnishings , gifts simply present this voucher and attach simply present the voucher attach and receive the train fare discount , we hope you enjoy your shopping .

And the other way of doing it was to go on hire purchase .
and the other way of doing it was to go on hire [buy] .

As far as these combos are concerned , no-one who makes the purchase should be disappointed .
as far as these combos are concerned , no-one who makes the [buy] should be disappointed .

Find out as much about the food requirements of your fish before you purchase them in case you can not provide the special diet required .
find out as much about the food requirements of your fish before you [buy] them in case you can not provide the special diet required .

Many fishkeepers purchase an external power filter and use it for years with the same media .
many fishkeepers [buy] an external power filter and use it for years with the same media .

When you purchase your new filter ensure you have all the necessary filtration media to maintain water quality as required by the fish you keep or intend to keep . If in doubt consult your dealer
when you [buy] your new filter ensure you have all the necessary filtration media to maintain water quality as required by the fish you keep or intend to keep . if in doubt consult your dealer

It is now time to ask for the fish to be bagged , but do n't let the dealer seal the bag and assume your purchase .
it is now time to ask for the fish to be bagged , but do n't let the dealer seal the bag and assume your [buy] .

Since we ca n't just purchase it from the chemist , we have to manufacture our own incentive .
since we ca n't just [buy] it from the chemist , we have to manufacture our own incentive .

An important feature of past Guitarist Shows was the presence of dealers , and the fact that visitors could purchase equipment on the spot .
an important feature of past guitarist shows was the presence of dealers , and the fact that visitors could [buy] equipment on the spot .

We are unable to offer any advice on the use , purchase , repair or modification of commercial equipment or the incorporation or modification of designs published in the magazine .
we are unable to offer any advice on the use , [buy] , repair or modification of commercial equipment or the incorporation or modification of designs published in the magazine .

We also revisit Mark Stuart 's popular Variable Bench Power Supply and offer a timely warning concerning the purchase of electrolytic capacitors .
we also revisit mark stuart 's popular variable bench power supply and offer a timely warning concerning the [buy] of electrolytic capacitors .

Caveat emptor ‘ Next time you purchase electrolytic capacitors , take a careful look at the markings !
caveat emptor ‘ next time you [buy] electrolytic capacitors , take a careful look at the markings !

‘ We have spent considerable time , effort and money protecting and defending the Fender name and its trademarks , ’ adds the current Fender president Bill Schultz , ‘ not only for our benefit , but also for the benefit and protection of our dealers and thousands of consumers who purchase Fender products .
‘ we have spent considerable time , effort and money protecting and defending the fender name and its trademarks , ’ adds the current fender president bill schultz , ‘ not only for our benefit , but also for the benefit and protection of our dealers and thousands of consumers who [buy] fender products .

people are still not always sure of their rights when it comes to the purchase , or indeed the sale , of goods .
people are still not always sure of their rights when it comes to the [buy] , or indeed the sale , of goods .

If your purchase is for more than £100 and you have paid by a credit agreement linked to the supplier — into which category credit card payments ( Visa , Access etc . )
if your [buy] is for more than £100 and you have paid by a credit agreement linked to the supplier — into which category credit card payments ( visa , access etc . )

So do send off the guarantee registration card ; the manufacturer usually asks for the return of the card as a term of his guarantee . Why should you do this ? Well , if you have a problem after , say , the tenth month after purchase , you will be too late for any claim under the Sale Of Goods Act , but you will still have a claim under your guarantee — as long as it is for more than ten months , and providing you sent off the registration card ! So :
so do send off the guarantee registration card ; the manufacturer usually asks for the return of the card as a term of his guarantee . why should you do this ? well , if you have a problem after , say , the tenth month after [buy] , you will be too late for any claim under the sale of goods act , but you will still have a claim under your guarantee — as long as it is for more than ten months , and providing you sent off the registration card ! so :

Having openly expressed his dissatisfaction for the present lacklustre state of guitar music , does n't Alex seem suprised that young people still look towards the guitar for their musical kicks ? Surely in 1992 , would n't a sampler be a wiser purchase ?
having openly expressed his dissatisfaction for the present lacklustre state of guitar music , does n't alex seem suprised that young people still look towards the guitar for their musical kicks ? surely in 1992 , would n't a sampler be a wiser [buy] ?

For six glorious years the conscription of labour , the compulsory purchase of agricultural products at below market prices , the unceremonious incarceration of the agitating classes , had all been justified and justifiable .
for six glorious years the conscription of labour , the compulsory [buy] of agricultural products at below market prices , the unceremonious incarceration of the agitating classes , had all been justified and justifiable .

Last month we took a look at the essential preparation that should proceed any purchase of an aquarium for any house .
last month we took a look at the essential preparation that should proceed any [buy] of an aquarium for any house .

Often you will need to purchase several males and females , and allow natural selection and pairing to occur .
often you will need to [buy] several males and females , and allow natural selection and pairing to occur .

When choosing Corys at your local retailer , never purchase specimens showing red gills or red blotches in the ventral region — this is often a sign of severe bacterial infection which is extremely difficult to treat .
when choosing corys at your local retailer , never [buy] specimens showing red gills or red blotches in the ventral region — this is often a sign of severe bacterial infection which is extremely difficult to treat .

If you do purchase bare root plants , it is important when planting to secure the rhizome of the plant to the planting container , easily done with a piece of string .
if you do [buy] bare root plants , it is important when planting to secure the rhizome of the plant to the planting container , easily done with a piece of string .

These Koi have over-wintered outside and the selection process , as ever , is all part of the fun of purchase .
these koi have over-wintered outside and the selection process , as ever , is all part of the fun of [buy] .

Many ailments , especially viral ones such as Fish Pox , can make themselves apparent a long time after purchase : in other words , unless you go the whole hog , like the very top Koi-keepers , quarantine is no guarantee that all will be well .
many ailments , especially viral ones such as fish pox , can make themselves apparent a long time after [buy] : in other words , unless you go the whole hog , like the very top koi-keepers , quarantine is no guarantee that all will be well .

And , remember , as with all our offers , we guarantee to refund your money if you 're not delighted with your purchase .
and , remember , as with all our offers , we guarantee to refund your money if you 're not delighted with your [buy] .

There 's also a free gift wrapping service on any purchase over £10 .
there 's also a free gift wrapping service on any [buy] over £10 .

We are unable to offer any advice on the use , purchase , repair or modification of commercial equipment or the incorporation or modification of designs published in the magazine .
we are unable to offer any advice on the use , [buy] , repair or modification of commercial equipment or the incorporation or modification of designs published in the magazine .

You can purchase birds direct from the producer .
you can [buy] birds direct from the producer .

If you want the best Basmati rice , look for Tilda Basmati , Brown Basmati and Easy Cook Basmati : Tilda selects its Basmati from its own highly trained buyers who purchase only the finest quality of Basmati from the season 's crop .
if you want the best basmati rice , look for tilda basmati , brown basmati and easy cook basmati : tilda selects its basmati from its own highly trained buyers who [buy] only the finest quality of basmati from the season 's crop .

You may need to purchase more than just the anemone you require .
you may need to [buy] more than just the anemone you require .

Sadolin is also a safe preservative , giving a very attractive finish , but to be absolutely sure , ask at your source of purchase .
sadolin is also a safe preservative , giving a very attractive finish , but to be absolutely sure , ask at your source of [buy] .

Hundreds were able to pay their respects and express their condolences by turning up at a charity rugby match at Shiplake College , Berkshire , in aid of the Charlotte Starmer-Smith Memorial Fund which aims to purchase medical equipment for the treatment of blood diseases .
hundreds were able to pay their respects and express their condolences by turning up at a charity rugby match at shiplake college , berkshire , in aid of the charlotte starmer-smith memorial fund which aims to [buy] medical equipment for the treatment of blood diseases .

The discovery of fraud through adulteration and mislabelling of grain which is shipped abroad has created distrust among foreign businessmen who purchase grain from American companies .
the discovery of fraud through adulteration and mislabelling of grain which is shipped abroad has created distrust among foreign businessmen who [buy] grain from american companies .

When a governmental official in a Third World country recommends ( under the influence of a bribe ) that his country purchase the more expensive but less adequate of two types of aircraft , then the extra millions of dollars will be found from the taxes sweated out of the country 's impoverished citizens .
when a governmental official in a third world country recommends ( under the influence of a bribe ) that his country [buy] the more expensive but less adequate of two types of aircraft , then the extra millions of dollars will be found from the taxes sweated out of the country 's impoverished citizens .

And it was all in the days before credit cards , when hire purchase was king .
and it was all in the days before credit cards , when hire [buy] was king .

Will you be provided with free uniforms , or do you have to purchase these for yourself ?
will you be provided with free uniforms , or do you have to [buy] these for yourself ?

The Trust regrets that after a year of negotiation it was n't possible to assemble a complete package which would have allowed for purchase price , future management and costs for the extended period necessary .
the trust regrets that after a year of negotiation it was n't possible to assemble a complete package which would have allowed for [buy] price , future management and costs for the extended period necessary .

The shape of the inner depends on the design of the tent , but to all but lightweight buffs it can be the deciding factor of your purchase .
the shape of the inner depends on the design of the tent , but to all but lightweight buffs it can be the deciding factor of your [buy] .

It is sad to see that conservation bodies seem to have halted their attempts to purchase the key Cairngorms estate of Mar Lodge .
it is sad to see that conservation bodies seem to have halted their attempts to [buy] the key cairngorms estate of mar lodge .

John Jenson , Graham 's only summer purchase , will miss the next home match against Oldham because of international duty with Denmark .
john jenson , graham 's only summer [buy] , will miss the next home match against oldham because of international duty with denmark .

Astrac Trio , Norton 's other Florida purchase last August , obliged at Southwell recently and Celestial Key impressed Kevin Darley by wearing down favourite Blow Dry inside the final furlong .
astrac trio , norton 's other florida [buy] last august , obliged at southwell recently and celestial key impressed kevin darley by wearing down favourite blow dry inside the final furlong .

He was England 's match-winning bowler against the West Indies here a year ago but he never got the same bite and purchase yesterday .
he was england 's match-winning bowler against the west indies here a year ago but he never got the same bite and [buy] yesterday .

And the 82-year-old nun met Mirror officials to finalise details for the purchase of a property in one of the most deprived parts of South London .
and the 82-year-old nun met mirror officials to finalise details for the [buy] of a property in one of the most deprived parts of south london .

About 15 million people — out of a working population of 22 million — have debts such as bank loans , car finance , hire purchase and shop credit .
about 15 million people — out of a working population of 22 million — have debts such as bank loans , car finance , hire [buy] and shop credit .

However , these days the choice of styles available is so wide that it is easy to become confused when making a purchase .
however , these days the choice of styles available is so wide that it is easy to become confused when making a [buy] .

Employees benefited from Homequity 's guaranteed home sale programme which speeded up the sale and purchase of properties in the old and new locations .
employees benefited from homequity 's guaranteed home sale programme which speeded up the sale and [buy] of properties in the old and new locations .

Employees were able to take advantage of Black Horse Relocation 's guaranteed home sale programme to sell their old properties quickly and purchase houses in the new area .
employees were able to take advantage of black horse relocation 's guaranteed home sale programme to sell their old properties quickly and [buy] houses in the new area .

In Nabisco 's policy legal fees resulting from up to two unsuccessful attempts to purchase a house are refunded .
in nabisco 's policy legal fees resulting from up to two unsuccessful attempts to [buy] a house are refunded .

Under house purchase schemes employees can buy property at concessionary rates of interest , often around 5 per cent .
under house [buy] schemes employees can buy property at concessionary rates of interest , often around 5 per cent .

The mortgage allowance will be based on the difference between the selling price of the existing house and the lower of the purchase price of the new house or the estimated price of an equivalent new house .
the mortgage allowance will be based on the difference between the selling price of the existing house and the lower of the [buy] price of the new house or the estimated price of an equivalent new house .

An independent valuation of the estimated purchase price of the existing house in the new location will be carried out .
an independent valuation of the estimated [buy] price of the existing house in the new location will be carried out .

If payable it will be assessed on the difference between the purchase price of the new house if this is of an appropriate category and the estimated ( lower ) price they would have paid in their existing location for a broadly equivalent house .
if payable it will be assessed on the difference between the [buy] price of the new house if this is of an appropriate category and the estimated ( lower ) price they would have paid in their existing location for a broadly equivalent house .

In addition all the free proceeds of sale must be committed towards the purchase price .
in addition all the free proceeds of sale must be committed towards the [buy] price .

The guarantee is based on the lower of the initial purchase price or a building society 's valuation .
the guarantee is based on the lower of the initial [buy] price or a building society 's valuation .

It arranges for the house to be valued to determine its minimum selling price and the employee receives a figure up to this amount from the company so that the purchase of the next property can go ahead .
it arranges for the house to be valued to determine its minimum selling price and the employee receives a figure up to this amount from the company so that the [buy] of the next property can go ahead .

the legal costs of sale and purchase of property including solicitor 's fees and stamp duty , £3,750 ; estate agent 's commission , £750 ; bridging finance ( one month at 13% ) , £758 ; cost associated with mortgages , in particular the additional cost of a bigger mortgage to cover the greater cost of housing ( company loan over 3 years ) , £1,500 ; cost of removal and , if necessary , storage , including insurance , £500 ; hotel and travel expenses including visits by wife to area to see houses , ( 15 weeks away from home plus two visits by wife ) , £2,420 ; cost of alterations to carpets and curtains , re-installing appliances , connecting telephone etc , alterations to property , redecoration and refurbishment , school uniforms and other educational expenses , maintenance , etc. of vacant , unsold property and miscellaneous incidental costs including vet 's fees , kennels , etc. , £2,000 .
the legal costs of sale and [buy] of property including solicitor 's fees and stamp duty , £3,750 ; estate agent 's commission , £750 ; bridging finance ( one month at 13% ) , £758 ; cost associated with mortgages , in particular the additional cost of a bigger mortgage to cover the greater cost of housing ( company loan over 3 years ) , £1,500 ; cost of removal and , if necessary , storage , including insurance , £500 ; hotel and travel expenses including visits by wife to area to see houses , ( 15 weeks away from home plus two visits by wife ) , £2,420 ; cost of alterations to carpets and curtains , re-installing appliances , connecting telephone etc , alterations to property , redecoration and refurbishment , school uniforms and other educational expenses , maintenance , etc. of vacant , unsold property and miscellaneous incidental costs including vet 's fees , kennels , etc. , £2,000 .

For new recruits who are selling their old property and are buying a new home , Hambro Life pays : the cost of moving to the new area ; a disturbance allowance of one month 's salary ( half paid when the employee joins the firm , the balance when the sale and purchase are completed ) ; two weekends at the company 's expense to look for accommodation ; estate agents ' , surveyors ' , building society and legal fees , including stamp duty and an allowance of £150 per month towards the cost of accommodation and/or fares for a maximum period of three months .
for new recruits who are selling their old property and are buying a new home , hambro life pays : the cost of moving to the new area ; a disturbance allowance of one month 's salary ( half paid when the employee joins the firm , the balance when the sale and [buy] are completed ) ; two weekends at the company 's expense to look for accommodation ; estate agents ' , surveyors ' , building society and legal fees , including stamp duty and an allowance of £150 per month towards the cost of accommodation and/or fares for a maximum period of three months .

( Generally , the latter is only provided in isolated areas , where there are no local properties for rent or purchase . )
( generally , the latter is only provided in isolated areas , where there are no local properties for rent or [buy] . )

By contrast , most privately rented accommodation is not available for short periods ( say for a few weeks while a house purchase is carried out ) .
by contrast , most privately rented accommodation is not available for short periods ( say for a few weeks while a house [buy] is carried out ) .

The service flat , however , may be rented for a short period of time and fill the gap between the employee 's arrival in Britain and the completion of the house purchase .
the service flat , however , may be rented for a short period of time and fill the gap between the employee 's arrival in britain and the completion of the house [buy] .

Compensation for expenses incurred in house buying was the most common form of assistance given to employees coming into the country ; 53 per cent of those companies bringing in employees will compensate house buying expenses and 37 per cent will provide assistance with the house purchase .
compensation for expenses incurred in house buying was the most common form of assistance given to employees coming into the country ; 53 per cent of those companies bringing in employees will compensate house buying expenses and 37 per cent will provide assistance with the house [buy] .

Some of the best-known big firms have special discount offers for those who are willing to purchase their double-glazing during the summer months .
some of the best-known big firms have special discount offers for those who are willing to [buy] their double-glazing during the summer months .

For some elderly people who have no family or who ( quite reasonably ) do not feel that they need to hang on to capital to pass on to relatives who are themselves well provided for , the purchase of an annuity can be an advantage .
for some elderly people who have no family or who ( quite reasonably ) do not feel that they need to hang on to capital to pass on to relatives who are themselves well provided for , the [buy] of an annuity can be an advantage .

Very careful thought is needed , though , before taking the big step of spending a large sum of money to purchase a regular income , for there can be snags , and it is wise to get quotations from several of the major insurance companies , and the advice of a solicitor , before proceeding .
very careful thought is needed , though , before taking the big step of spending a large sum of money to [buy] a regular income , for there can be snags , and it is wise to get quotations from several of the major insurance companies , and the advice of a solicitor , before proceeding .

Purchase of other property and buildings has cost £935,000 .
[buy] of other property and buildings has cost £935,000 .

It 's an icon-driven multipart adventure and quite possibly one of the most involving and well-presented strategy programs available and is still an essential purchase even now .
it 's an icon-driven multipart adventure and quite possibly one of the most involving and well-presented strategy programs available and is still an essential [buy] even now .

As a cartridge-only game it costs a hefty £14.95 but when you consider the quality you 're receiving , could you do without this purchase ?
as a cartridge-only game it costs a hefty £14.95 but when you consider the quality you 're receiving , could you do without this [buy] ?

You purchase players or get them from the free-transfer market .
you [buy] players or get them from the free-transfer market .

Salt withdrew mumbling , and Jess fumed . ‘ Purchase ’ was she ? She 'd give 'em their money 's worth !
salt withdrew mumbling , and jess fumed . ‘ [buy] ’ was she ? she 'd give 'em their money 's worth !

If you are about to invest , our 20 point plan will guide you to a failsafe purchase .
if you are about to invest , our 20 point plan will guide you to a failsafe [buy] .

From time to time one gains brief purchase ,
from time to time one gains brief [buy] ,

This took place with the arrival of replacement staff ( setting John free to lead the work ) , the purchase of accommodation and then the formation of the team in the autumn of 1988 .
this took place with the arrival of replacement staff ( setting john free to lead the work ) , the [buy] of accommodation and then the formation of the team in the autumn of 1988 .

Scott Peck defines this brilliantly : ‘ In pseudo-community a group attempts to purchase community cheaply by pretence .
scott peck defines this brilliantly : ‘ in pseudo-community a group attempts to [buy] community cheaply by pretence .

There were the hire purchase repayments on the sitting-room furniture and the car , not to mention the mortgage .
there were the hire [buy] repayments on the sitting-room furniture and the car , not to mention the mortgage .

He had given in about the purchase of the land , of course .
he had given in about the [buy] of the land , of course .

We also realise that payment for use of the minibus will continue after purchase to cover expenses .
we also realise that payment for use of the minibus will continue after [buy] to cover expenses .

Oliver Lange highlights his personal selection from the large number of instructional art videos currently available for purchase
oliver lange highlights his personal selection from the large number of instructional art videos currently available for [buy]

Between November 19 and 22 , the Towner Art Gallery in the High Street , Eastbourne will host its first contemporary art market to help raise funds in order to purchase contemporary art under the Contemporary Art Society 's ‘ Collection ’ Scheme .
between november 19 and 22 , the towner art gallery in the high street , eastbourne will host its first contemporary art market to help raise funds in order to [buy] contemporary art under the contemporary art society 's ‘ collection ’ scheme .

The representative collection of 20th century art which Lancaster University has been amassing since the 1960s and 1970s by purchase , gifts and bequests , is to be housed in a worthy new purpose-built annex to the already existing and refurbished Peter Scott Gallery .
the representative collection of 20th century art which lancaster university has been amassing since the 1960s and 1970s by [buy] , gifts and bequests , is to be housed in a worthy new purpose-built annex to the already existing and refurbished peter scott gallery .

However , if you 're just starting your Empire army then my advice is to try and purchase one that suits your style of play .
however , if you 're just starting your empire army then my advice is to try and [buy] one that suits your style of play .

Meanwhile , the bill for that big purchase zipped right along , reaching us weeks before the garments were ready .
meanwhile , the bill for that big [buy] zipped right along , reaching us weeks before the garments were ready .

All we ask is that you use the ticket within a 60-day period between January 1st , 1990 and December 31st , 1990 and that you purchase it before arriving in Thailand .
all we ask is that you use the ticket within a 60-day period between january 1st , 1990 and december 31st , 1990 and that you [buy] it before arriving in thailand .

imagine … Pampering yourself in the retreat of our exquisite Scandinavian Time-Ownership Lodges that you can purchase for yourself , family or company for as many weeks of the year as you wish .
imagine … pampering yourself in the retreat of our exquisite scandinavian time-ownership lodges that you can [buy] for yourself , family or company for as many weeks of the year as you wish .

Purchase , Lease , Rent
[buy] , lease , rent

When we receive the Goblin Steamatic in good condition , we will send you a cheque for the full purchase price within seven working days .
when we receive the goblin steamatic in good condition , we will send you a cheque for the full [buy] price within seven working days .

When you purchase any Micro Series system , you will be able to upgrade the processor to any available processor in the Graphite Micro Series range , ( e.g. from a 286–12Mhz to a 286–20Mhz or even any of the superfast 386 and 486 processors ) , within 18 months of your original purchase for the price difference between the new and existing processor .
when you [buy] any micro series system , you will be able to upgrade the processor to any available processor in the graphite micro series range , ( e.g. from a 286–12mhz to a 286–20mhz or even any of the superfast 386 and 486 processors ) , within 18 months of your original [buy] for the price difference between the new and existing processor .

Now there exists the real possibility to acquire these aircraft with the added benefit of an instalment purchase plan .
now there exists the real possibility to acquire these aircraft with the added benefit of an instalment [buy] plan .

Shares in the Swiss Charter Organisation available through purchase of this outstanding Swan .
shares in the swiss charter organisation available through [buy] of this outstanding swan .

These Approved Dealers will all provide a unique and professional hand-over procedure followed by a free 600 Miles Inspection — just to make sure you are completely satisfied with your new purchase .
these approved dealers will all provide a unique and professional hand-over procedure followed by a free 600 miles inspection — just to make sure you are completely satisfied with your new [buy] .

In a report to the policy committee , county planning officer Edwin Barritt says purchase of the ness for conservation is a long-cherished aim , a very special opportunity and the Trust deserves as much help as possible .
in a report to the policy committee , county planning officer edwin barritt says [buy] of the ness for conservation is a long-cherished aim , a very special opportunity and the trust deserves as much help as possible .

With it he brought good news to first-time buyers , who could save up to £600 on the purchase of their first home .
with it he brought good news to first-time buyers , who could save up to £600 on the [buy] of their first home .

This means that homes sold for between £30,000 and £60,000 will no longer be liable for a tax levy of 1pc on the purchase price — a saving of up to £600 .
this means that homes sold for between £30,000 and £60,000 will no longer be liable for a tax levy of 1pc on the [buy] price — a saving of up to £600 .

British Aerospace , National Westminster Bank and Cable & Wireless have joined together to contribute £1 million to purchase 100,000 Mercurycards for the Ministry of Defence to distribute to British personnel in the Gulf .
british aerospace , national westminster bank and cable & wireless have joined together to contribute £1 million to [buy] 100,000 mercurycards for the ministry of defence to distribute to british personnel in the gulf .

If you are about to invest , our 20 point plan will guide you to a failsafe purchase .
if you are about to invest , our 20 point plan will guide you to a failsafe [buy] .

Banque Piguet , a private Swiss bank established in 1856 , has advised non-residents on the purchase of Swiss freeholds for the past 40 years .
banque piguet , a private swiss bank established in 1856 , has advised non-residents on the [buy] of swiss freeholds for the past 40 years .

Encouragement of the private sector could take the form of providing ‘ cash ’ ( perhaps in the form of tokens or vouchers ) by which old people , without adequate financial support , could purchase the services which they require .
encouragement of the private sector could take the form of providing ‘ cash ’ ( perhaps in the form of tokens or vouchers ) by which old people , without adequate financial support , could [buy] the services which they require .

Ironically his death came within days of the Rebel organisation planning the purchase of an additional training yacht , which will also be based at Walton .
ironically his death came within days of the rebel organisation planning the [buy] of an additional training yacht , which will also be based at walton .

We intend to change all that tonight and hopefully answer many questions you may have about the purchase and maintenance of a motor car .
we intend to change all that tonight and hopefully answer many questions you may have about the [buy] and maintenance of a motor car .

Your seat is guaranteed , and you can purchase direct from the designers at anytime during your visit .
your seat is guaranteed , and you can [buy] direct from the designers at anytime during your visit .

Each one contains a money back voucher worth £5.00 , valid against any purchase from Christopher Wray .
each one contains a money back voucher worth £5.00 , valid against any [buy] from christopher wray .

If you 'd like to know more , send for Elisabeth Luard 's new book , ‘ The La Ina Book of Tapas ’ , sending a postal order or cheque for £2.50 made payable to Dent & Reuss Ltd. , together with your name and address ( in block capitals ) and a till receipt showing a purchase of a bottle of La Ina ( ringed in ballpoint pen ) , to : The La Ina Tapas Book Offer
if you 'd like to know more , send for elisabeth luard 's new book , ‘ the la ina book of tapas ’ , sending a postal order or cheque for £2.50 made payable to dent & reuss ltd. , together with your name and address ( in block capitals ) and a till receipt showing a [buy] of a bottle of la ina ( ringed in ballpoint pen ) , to : the la ina tapas book offer

If for any reason you are unsatisfied with your purchase , we give a full refund of the purchase price when the goods are returned within 30 days .
if for any reason you are unsatisfied with your [buy] , we give a full refund of the [buy] price when the goods are returned within 30 days .

Interest Free Finance at Alexanders allows you to purchase the Rolex watch of your choice with a deposit of only ten percent and twelve monthly payments for the remainder .
interest free finance at alexanders allows you to [buy] the rolex watch of your choice with a deposit of only ten percent and twelve monthly payments for the remainder .

Just how you go about determining the pitch angle of your blades depends to some extent on the make of helicopter which you purchase and also on the depth of your pocket .
just how you go about determining the pitch angle of your blades depends to some extent on the make of helicopter which you [buy] and also on the depth of your pocket .

But the big bonus for Morrissey fans disappointed by his no-shows at June 's Glastonbury festival and the second day of the Madness/Finsbury Park weekend last month is that , on proof of purchase of tickets for either of the cancelled gigs , they can get a £20 discount per ticket for the French trip .
but the big bonus for morrissey fans disappointed by his no-shows at june 's glastonbury festival and the second day of the madness/finsbury park weekend last month is that , on proof of [buy] of tickets for either of the cancelled gigs , they can get a £20 discount per ticket for the french trip .

It also means enjoying it , using it , perhaps to create a pleasant environment in which to live , or to purchase experiences — whether travel , books , workshops , creative hobbies , social life , leisure or cultural pursuits — which will help us to grow .
it also means enjoying it , using it , perhaps to create a pleasant environment in which to live , or to [buy] experiences — whether travel , books , workshops , creative hobbies , social life , leisure or cultural pursuits — which will help us to grow .

Purchase a guidebook , and decide which areas to visit .
[buy] a guidebook , and decide which areas to visit .

At least try to purchase the catalogue if none of these towns is on your tourist itinerary .
at least try to [buy] the catalogue if none of these towns is on your tourist itinerary .

She took to visiting Glasgow regularly , presumably to purchase fresh supplies .
she took to visiting glasgow regularly , presumably to [buy] fresh supplies .

Kenneth came across it while returning from a far-flung artist 's studio where he 'd been to purchase a John Miller watercolour for my birthday .
kenneth came across it while returning from a far-flung artist 's studio where he 'd been to [buy] a john miller watercolour for my birthday .

When you first purchase the machine , only the first dozen or so of these palettes will actually be programmed .
when you first [buy] the machine , only the first dozen or so of these palettes will actually be programmed .

Jane 's books and Terry 's graphs and patterns are available for purchase after the talk .
jane 's books and terry 's graphs and patterns are available for [buy] after the talk .

There are also ideas and schemes to purchase and renovate many of the eighteenth- and nineteenth-century quintas around the island and to re-open them as small hotels .
there are also ideas and schemes to [buy] and renovate many of the eighteenth- and nineteenth-century quintas around the island and to re-open them as small hotels .

They will often invite you in to see their stock , and if you make a purchase you may be rewarded with a glass of madeira wine .
they will often invite you in to see their stock , and if you make a [buy] you may be rewarded with a glass of madeira wine .

When you have finally made your purchase , it is nearly always wrapped up in brown paper and carefully tied with string or something more elaborate .
when you have finally made your [buy] , it is nearly always wrapped up in brown paper and carefully tied with string or something more elaborate .

If your purchase is to be a gift , the assistant will normally offer to giftwrap it for you for no extra charge .
if your [buy] is to be a gift , the assistant will normally offer to giftwrap it for you for no extra charge .

The city will purchase the property if not already owned by the city , and build a community centre .
the city will [buy] the property if not already owned by the city , and build a community centre .

These faults are rarely detectable so , in turn , the individual kite-maker benefits through being able to purchase quality material in small quantities from the kite shop .
these faults are rarely detectable so , in turn , the individual kite-maker benefits through being able to [buy] quality material in small quantities from the kite shop .

Get one with a cycle bearing shaft and you 'll never regret that purchase .
get one with a cycle bearing shaft and you 'll never regret that [buy] .

Here the option is either to purchase a ready made carrier or to devise one 's own .
here the option is either to [buy] a ready made carrier or to devise one 's own .

Selection of a purchase could well depend upon the standard of manufacture .
selection of a [buy] could well depend upon the standard of manufacture .

Neat sewing , balloon seams or double stitched ripstop edges , reinforced spar pockets , tight vinyl or rubber fittings , non-slip bridle attachment points , robust spar caps and strong elastic sail tensioners should all be examined on purchase of what amounts to the most expensive division of the whole commercial kite spectrum .
neat sewing , balloon seams or double stitched ripstop edges , reinforced spar pockets , tight vinyl or rubber fittings , non-slip bridle attachment points , robust spar caps and strong elastic sail tensioners should all be examined on [buy] of what amounts to the most expensive division of the whole commercial kite spectrum .

In Zambia , such procedures have delayed the purchase of essential new equipment .
in zambia , such procedures have delayed the [buy] of essential new equipment .

For a large part of 1975 a major transmitter in Zambia 's Copperbelt was off the air because of the lengthy procedures involved in the purchase of a small spare part .
for a large part of 1975 a major transmitter in zambia 's copperbelt was off the air because of the lengthy procedures involved in the [buy] of a small spare part .

The uncertainty which the food shortage created also led to the hoarding of food by those fortunate enough to be able to purchase it .
the uncertainty which the food shortage created also led to the hoarding of food by those fortunate enough to be able to [buy] it .

Some contracts , such as hire purchase contracts and contracts for the sale and purchase of land , need to be in a special form .
some contracts , such as hire [buy] contracts and contracts for the sale and [buy] of land , need to be in a special form .

Purchase of business Premises
[buy] of business premises

The haulage contractor wishing to buy premises will naturally instruct a solicitor ( or other expert ) to handle the purchase .
the haulage contractor wishing to buy premises will naturally instruct a solicitor ( or other expert ) to handle the [buy] .

But an awareness of what is involved in the purchase deed ( called a conveyance where laud is unregistered , and a ‘ transfer ’ if it is registered ) can be very helpful .
but an awareness of what is involved in the [buy] deed ( called a conveyance where laud is unregistered , and a ‘ transfer ’ if it is registered ) can be very helpful .

To take an example : Adam Swannson wishes to purchase a garage in Gloucestershire , to use as a workshop for his vehicles .
to take an example : adam swannson wishes to [buy] a garage in gloucestershire , to use as a workshop for his vehicles .

The purchase price has been agreed at £5000 , and the form of the conveyance follows a conventional pattern .
the [buy] price has been agreed at £5000 , and the form of the conveyance follows a conventional pattern .

Have you considered hire purchase and leasing as well as outright purchase ?
have you considered hire [buy] and leasing as well as outright [buy] ?

The best advice is to go to a specialist consumer credit/hire purchase lawyer for information on this very important matter .
the best advice is to go to a specialist consumer credit/hire [buy] lawyer for information on this very important matter .

This is very similar to a conditional sale agreement , the essential difference being that the hirer has the option to purchase the goods and is not obliged to do so , However , having paid all the instalments on the Volvo truck , it is hardly likely that the haulage company would decide not to exercise this option .
this is very similar to a conditional sale agreement , the essential difference being that the hirer has the option to [buy] the goods and is not obliged to do so , however , having paid all the instalments on the volvo truck , it is hardly likely that the haulage company would decide not to exercise this option .

Instead of obtaining just one Volvo truck on credit , this type of arrangement allows the haulage company to purchase more than one item — say , three trucks — provided it keeps within the agreed ( budget ) limit under the credit agreement .
instead of obtaining just one volvo truck on credit , this type of arrangement allows the haulage company to [buy] more than one item — say , three trucks — provided it keeps within the agreed ( budget ) limit under the credit agreement .

For a partnership wishing to purchase a new Ford van totally on credit terms under the 1974 Act , the following formula is applied to ascertain the maximum credit available :
for a partnership wishing to [buy] a new ford van totally on credit terms under the 1974 act , the following formula is applied to ascertain the maximum credit available :

Citilend Ltd v Stuart Craggs provides an example of a case in which a haulier finds himself sued for a commercial misdemeanour — hire purchase default — in the Queen 's Bench Division .
citilend ltd v stuart craggs provides an example of a case in which a haulier finds himself sued for a commercial misdemeanour — hire [buy] default — in the queen 's bench division .

Stanley Widdowson wanted to obtain a van from a garage on a hire purchase agreement . Knowing that his own name would not prove creditworthy , he inserted the name and address of a close neighbour on the standard proposal form
stanley widdowson wanted to obtain a van from a garage on a hire [buy] agreement . knowing that his own name would not prove creditworthy , he inserted the name and address of a close neighbour on the standard proposal form

The hirer had an option to purchase on paying all the instalments and could terminate the agreement at any time .
the hirer had an option to [buy] on paying all the instalments and could terminate the agreement at any time .

purchase order processing
[buy] order processing

He watched , and saw others purchase them without difficulty .
he watched , and saw others [buy] them without difficulty .

But it was work , and he need no longer allow Dinah to pay for anything , except for what she chose to purchase for herself .
but it was work , and he need no longer allow dinah to pay for anything , except for what she chose to [buy] for herself .

Mrs Gracie had come to associate herself so much with the family that she almost included herself in the purchase .
mrs gracie had come to associate herself so much with the family that she almost included herself in the [buy] .

There were fresh candles to buy , the hire — or outright purchase — of mourning cloaks ; the poor had again to be invited — it was considered worthy and laudable to remember them at one 's death — and had to receive a further portion of the largesse exhibited at the funeral .
there were fresh candles to buy , the hire — or outright [buy] — of mourning cloaks ; the poor had again to be invited — it was considered worthy and laudable to remember them at one 's death — and had to receive a further portion of the largesse exhibited at the funeral .

Of course , had the guilds and fraternities included a handling charge in their reckoning they might have attracted an income allowing them the freedom to purchase for themselves those ‘ extras ’ now being clamoured for .
of course , had the guilds and fraternities included a handling charge in their reckoning they might have attracted an income allowing them the freedom to [buy] for themselves those ‘ extras ’ now being clamoured for .

Again , the undertaker offered two choices to the client : outright purchase of all the accoutrements or the hire thereof .
again , the undertaker offered two choices to the client : outright [buy] of all the accoutrements or the hire thereof .

Reading through Robert Green 's trade card it seems highly unlikely that a client would want to purchase outright such items as the velvet pall , the room hangings , the large silvered candlesticks and sconces , or the feathers and cloaks , for these objects would be of little or no use to the purchaser once the funeral had taken place .
reading through robert green 's trade card it seems highly unlikely that a client would want to [buy] outright such items as the velvet pall , the room hangings , the large silvered candlesticks and sconces , or the feathers and cloaks , for these objects would be of little or no use to the purchaser once the funeral had taken place .

By the end of the eighteenth century ready-made coffins were being supplied lined by the manufacturers but one had to purchase shrouds and winding-sheets separately . From a trade catalogue issued by Turner of Farringdon in 1838 comes the following list of prices :
by the end of the eighteenth century ready-made coffins were being supplied lined by the manufacturers but one had to [buy] shrouds and winding-sheets separately . from a trade catalogue issued by turner of farringdon in 1838 comes the following list of prices :

Occasionally one could dispense with the bran and undersheet and purchase a tailored mattress ; likewise the sides could be padded and buttoned and a pillow provided .
occasionally one could dispense with the bran and undersheet and [buy] a tailored mattress ; likewise the sides could be padded and buttoned and a pillow provided .

The Hall 's own linen was sold and the proceeds used to purchase coin operated laundry facilities which were situated in the second floor utility room .
the hall 's own linen was sold and the proceeds used to [buy] coin operated laundry facilities which were situated in the second floor utility room .

The purchase of basement premises in Altrincham ( previously used for the storage of bank records ) with a view to converting them into a restaurant to be called ‘ The Altrincham Cellar ’ .
the [buy] of basement premises in altrincham ( previously used for the storage of bank records ) with a view to converting them into a restaurant to be called ‘ the altrincham cellar ’ .

Proposal to Purchase the Altrincham Cellar
proposal to [buy] the altrincham cellar

The purchase price included the adjoining Dee Cinema .
the [buy] price included the adjoining dee cinema .

Guests purchase £1 all-day tickets on registration , and these monies are remitted in full to the council .
guests [buy] £1 all-day tickets on registration , and these monies are remitted in full to the council .

The Sutton Manor 's purchase price .
the sutton manor 's [buy] price .

Some intending buyers might have difficulty in finding the purchase price .
some intending buyers might have difficulty in finding the [buy] price .

Quite a few companies purchase units .
quite a few companies [buy] units .

Some authorities require a restriction on the number of weeks a buyer may purchase so as to avoid the possibility of permanent use by a single owner .
some authorities require a restriction on the number of weeks a buyer may [buy] so as to avoid the possibility of permanent use by a single owner .

There is no profit-sharing scheme and no mechanism whereby employees ( other than directors ) can purchase shares in the company .
there is no profit-sharing scheme and no mechanism whereby employees ( other than directors ) can [buy] shares in the company .

As is customary in the trade , tenants purchase all fixtures and fittings ( including bar furnishings ) , initially from the company and subsequently from the outgoing tenant .
as is customary in the trade , tenants [buy] all fixtures and fittings ( including bar furnishings ) , initially from the company and subsequently from the outgoing tenant .

Tenants are required to purchase all liquor , soft drinks and bar items such as crisps and tobacco from Palatine , though at a discount , and they are expected to make their living from the profits after deduction of rent ( paid to Palatine ) , wages , rates , lighting and heating , etc .
tenants are required to [buy] all liquor , soft drinks and bar items such as crisps and tobacco from palatine , though at a discount , and they are expected to make their living from the profits after deduction of rent ( paid to palatine ) , wages , rates , lighting and heating , etc .

Other assets , with the exception of motor vehicles , are depreciated on a straight line basis from the beginning of the year following purchase .
other assets , with the exception of motor vehicles , are depreciated on a straight line basis from the beginning of the year following [buy] .

Motor vehicles are depreciated on a straight line basis beginning in the year of purchase .
motor vehicles are depreciated on a straight line basis beginning in the year of [buy] .

Such increases as have occurred in on-licence sales have tended to be in products such as lager , cider , wines and spirits , many of which we purchase from outside suppliers in the form of proprietary brands .
such increases as have occurred in on-licence sales have tended to be in products such as lager , cider , wines and spirits , many of which we [buy] from outside suppliers in the form of proprietary brands .

The Board of Palatine Ales plc , which is being advised by Purchase and Szell , regard the offer as both unwelcome and wholly unacceptable .
the board of palatine ales plc , which is being advised by [buy] and szell , regard the offer as both unwelcome and wholly unacceptable .

Your Board and its advisors , Purchase and Szell Ltd , urge you to reject the bid .
your board and its advisors , [buy] and szell ltd , urge you to reject the bid .

Your Board and its financial advisors Purchase and Szell Ltd consider this revised offer to be totally inadequate and continue to recommend most strongly that you take no action in respect of your shareholding .
your board and its financial advisors [buy] and szell ltd consider this revised offer to be totally inadequate and continue to recommend most strongly that you take no action in respect of your shareholding .

Your Board and its financial advisers Purchase and Szell continue to recommend strongly that you reject the bid . In summary :
your board and its financial advisers [buy] and szell continue to recommend strongly that you reject the bid . in summary :

Alternatively , finance for the sale may be available from a third party such as a bank , finance house , hire purchase or leasing company .
alternatively , finance for the sale may be available from a third party such as a bank , finance house , hire [buy] or leasing company .

It is not unusual for a receiver to continue to run a business while he is selling off the charged assets and in doing so to purchase goods on credit .
it is not unusual for a receiver to continue to run a business while he is selling off the charged assets and in doing so to [buy] goods on credit .

His fingers curled around the butt of the gun , taking up a gentle purchase on the trigger .
his fingers curled around the butt of the gun , taking up a gentle [buy] on the trigger .

Against all the odds , he carried freshly-stamped papers which enabled him to cross into Czechoslovakia to purchase some new rolls of cloth .
against all the odds , he carried freshly-stamped papers which enabled him to cross into czechoslovakia to [buy] some new rolls of cloth .

Theresa Murphy persuaded her husband to buy an entire lake and news of this purchase spoiled both Mrs Frizzell 's and Mrs Stych 's summer .
theresa murphy persuaded her husband to buy an entire lake and news of this [buy] spoiled both mrs frizzell 's and mrs stych 's summer .

Mrs Frizzell snatched up her property , tried wildly to wrap the books in the remains of the paper bag , dropped one of them , picked it up and fled to the cloak-room at the back of the hall , followed by the titters and sniggers of not a few ladies who , knowing the reason for her purchase of the books , could well have rescued her from her predicament , but saw no reason to do so .
mrs frizzell snatched up her property , tried wildly to wrap the books in the remains of the paper bag , dropped one of them , picked it up and fled to the cloak-room at the back of the hall , followed by the titters and sniggers of not a few ladies who , knowing the reason for her [buy] of the books , could well have rescued her from her predicament , but saw no reason to do so .

Because the techniques involved imply a separate implementation of the portability software on each different platform — they also mean that what users purchase and what they see on their screen are two different things — there are obvious questions of support and testing that need to addressed .
because the techniques involved imply a separate implementation of the portability software on each different platform — they also mean that what users [buy] and what they see on their screen are two different things — there are obvious questions of support and testing that need to addressed .

Anyone considering a purchase from this company should make sure they get cast-iron guarantees concerning specification and after sales support or , like me and many others to my knowledge , they will wish that they had not been taken in by misleading advertising and had paid a little more money to an established British company .
anyone considering a [buy] from this company should make sure they get cast-iron guarantees concerning specification and after sales support or , like me and many others to my knowledge , they will wish that they had not been taken in by misleading advertising and had paid a little more money to an established british company .

Any purchase of goods involves a contract .
any [buy] of goods involves a contract .

The interdependence of farming and mining , added to technological constraints , restricted the number of days annually available for mining ; the farmer-miner 's smallholding had first claim on his time , and he went to the mine with the limited aim of satisfying , with a minimum of effort , the desire for a particular level of cash-income expectation determined by the need to pay the rent of his holding and purchase a given packet of ‘ industrial ’ goods .
the interdependence of farming and mining , added to technological constraints , restricted the number of days annually available for mining ; the farmer-miner 's smallholding had first claim on his time , and he went to the mine with the limited aim of satisfying , with a minimum of effort , the desire for a particular level of cash-income expectation determined by the need to pay the rent of his holding and [buy] a given packet of ‘ industrial ’ goods .

The illustration of such a double logic working at a textual level often comes to seem remarkably close to a deconstructive analysis : in the same way as Derrida or de Man could be said to be deconstructing received readings that have institutional purchase , so the new historicists shift our understanding of institutionalized historical accounts .
the illustration of such a double logic working at a textual level often comes to seem remarkably close to a deconstructive analysis : in the same way as derrida or de man could be said to be deconstructing received readings that have institutional [buy] , so the new historicists shift our understanding of institutionalized historical accounts .

Salomon Brothers has initiated coverage of 11 computer stocks , six of which analyst John Jones is recommending for purchase : the six are Amdahl Corp , Cray Research Inc , Hewlett-Packard Co , Sequoia Systems Inc , Stratus Computer Inc and Tandem Computers Inc , Dow Jones says .
salomon brothers has initiated coverage of 11 computer stocks , six of which analyst john jones is recommending for [buy] : the six are amdahl corp , cray research inc , hewlett-packard co , sequoia systems inc , stratus computer inc and tandem computers inc , dow jones says .

They agreed to limit the whole to 23 acres , 13 of which were on his Lordship 's land , and offered 40 years ' purchase of the actual rent — an offer which ‘ we flatter ourselves will preclude the unpleasant necessity of having recourse to the decision of a jury ’ .
they agreed to limit the whole to 23 acres , 13 of which were on his lordship 's land , and offered 40 years ' [buy] of the actual rent — an offer which ‘ we flatter ourselves will preclude the unpleasant necessity of having recourse to the decision of a jury ’ .

Dr. Prior noted that the number of cases , both medical and surgical , requiring special appliances was increasing and on his recommendation the Board agreed to the purchase of a water-bed ( or a water-mattress ) and two additional spring beds .
dr. prior noted that the number of cases , both medical and surgical , requiring special appliances was increasing and on his recommendation the board agreed to the [buy] of a water-bed ( or a water-mattress ) and two additional spring beds .

This would have been enough to allow the guardians to purchase 300 hot cross buns for the inmates at current prices ; that , too , was duly authorised for Easter 1930 .
this would have been enough to allow the guardians to [buy] 300 hot cross buns for the inmates at current prices ; that , too , was duly authorised for easter 1930 .

In December 1939 , the guardians committee had recommended the purchase of a refrigerator for Kempston Children 's Home at a cost of £156 .
in december 1939 , the guardians committee had recommended the [buy] of a refrigerator for kempston children 's home at a cost of £156 .

Adams , for instance , says , of the historical analysis of discourses of ‘ mothering ’ she suggests , that ‘ it is unclear what purchase political action would have ’ on it ( 1983 : 51 ) .
adams , for instance , says , of the historical analysis of discourses of ‘ mothering ’ she suggests , that ‘ it is unclear what [buy] political action would have ’ on it ( 1983 : 51 ) .

As this model had some rather obvious shortcomings in that it identified the freedom to publish with individual property rights of purchase and sale of newspaper titles , it was necessary to overlay the libertarian ( laissez-faire ) position with an element of social conscience .
as this model had some rather obvious shortcomings in that it identified the freedom to publish with individual property rights of [buy] and sale of newspaper titles , it was necessary to overlay the libertarian ( laissez-faire ) position with an element of social conscience .

The outstanding example of politicians seeking to gain press support through the acquisition of newspaper titles in the 20th century is the purchase of the Daily Chronicle in 1918 by supporters of Lloyd George .
the outstanding example of politicians seeking to gain press support through the acquisition of newspaper titles in the 20th century is the [buy] of the daily chronicle in 1918 by supporters of lloyd george .

In the event , most of the purchase money ( £1,650,000 ) came from ‘ wealthy admirers ’ .
in the event , most of the [buy] money ( £1,650,000 ) came from ‘ wealthy admirers ’ .

The sale of the Express Group by Fleet Holdings ( ex-Trafalgar House ) to United Newspapers in the mid-1980s , the sale of the Telegraph to the Canadian Conrad Black , the re-launch and closure of the Evening Standard ( 1987 ) , the launch and demise of the London Daily News and the purchase of Today by Murdoch ( 1987 ) amongst other recent changes , have all the appearances of companies engaging in long-term strategic planning rather than political machination on behalf of any specific political faction .
the sale of the express group by fleet holdings ( ex-trafalgar house ) to united newspapers in the mid-1980s , the sale of the telegraph to the canadian conrad black , the re-launch and closure of the evening standard ( 1987 ) , the launch and demise of the london daily news and the [buy] of today by murdoch ( 1987 ) amongst other recent changes , have all the appearances of companies engaging in long-term strategic planning rather than political machination on behalf of any specific political faction .

The purchase of a car
the [buy] of a car

However , on the principle of ‘ look before you leap ’ , company car owners should first check whether they might be entitled to purchase their present car on favourable terms : over the past few years , the number of employers allowing this has been on the increase .
however , on the principle of ‘ look before you leap ’ , company car owners should first check whether they might be entitled to [buy] their present car on favourable terms : over the past few years , the number of employers allowing this has been on the increase .

Money purchase scheme .
money [buy] scheme .

Although there is a slight element of gamble with money purchase schemes , in that no one can forecast with certainty how well or badly a pension fund might do , in practice most trustees act very conservatively .
although there is a slight element of gamble with money [buy] schemes , in that no one can forecast with certainty how well or badly a pension fund might do , in practice most trustees act very conservatively .

Historically , executive pension plans are of the money purchase type .
historically , executive pension plans are of the money [buy] type .

Where larger amounts are concerned , the employer will need to become involved but this should not deter you if you believe that the purchase of free-standing AVCs is in your best long-term interest .
where larger amounts are concerned , the employer will need to become involved but this should not deter you if you believe that the [buy] of free-standing avcs is in your best long-term interest .

Section 226 policies have been abolished and are no longer available for purchase .
section 226 policies have been abolished and are no longer available for [buy] .

As with all money purchase schemes , the amount of pension you eventually receive will depend on two main factors : the size of the fund you have been able to build up and the fund 's investment performance .
as with all money [buy] schemes , the amount of pension you eventually receive will depend on two main factors : the size of the fund you have been able to build up and the fund 's investment performance .

The remainder will be added to your protected rights to purchase a better annuity .
the remainder will be added to your protected rights to [buy] a better annuity .

The change affects both existing and new loans used for home purchase .
the change affects both existing and new loans used for home [buy] .

It also affects loans secured on an older person 's ( 65 years or over ) home which are used to purchase a life annuity .
it also affects loans secured on an older person 's ( 65 years or over ) home which are used to [buy] a life annuity .

As with capital gains tax , appreciation is only calculated from 1982 or subsequent year of purchase and any part of the asset 's increased value due to inflation is not counted for tax purposes .
as with capital gains tax , appreciation is only calculated from 1982 or subsequent year of [buy] and any part of the asset 's increased value due to inflation is not counted for tax purposes .

In particular , if you want to purchase British brands , you can expect to pay considerably more than you do at home .
in particular , if you want to [buy] british brands , you can expect to pay considerably more than you do at home .

When executive search consultants leave or retire , they are forced to sell back the equity to other partners who , on election to the partnership , are encouraged to purchase stock at an agreed rate .
when executive search consultants leave or retire , they are forced to sell back the equity to other partners who , on election to the partnership , are encouraged to [buy] stock at an agreed rate .

There is no small irony in this , as applications to purchase foreign technology in the first place will only be approved if the relevant Soviet machine building ministry can not produce something of the appropriate standard and quantity in the time required .
there is no small irony in this , as applications to [buy] foreign technology in the first place will only be approved if the relevant soviet machine building ministry can not produce something of the appropriate standard and quantity in the time required .

In dollar terms Soviet oil may purchase 25 per cent more in West Germany than in Czechoslovakia , but this does not necessarily mean that it will purchase 25 per cent more railway switching gear or pipelaying equipment .
in dollar terms soviet oil may [buy] 25 per cent more in west germany than in czechoslovakia , but this does not necessarily mean that it will [buy] 25 per cent more railway switching gear or pipelaying equipment .

Jaq switched on the magnetics in his boots to give him purchase for possible combat .
jaq switched on the magnetics in his boots to give him [buy] for possible combat .

He decided the wisest course was to pool all he had made over the last two years , enabling Julian to purchase the lease of a high street property .
he decided the wisest course was to pool all he had made over the last two years , enabling julian to [buy] the lease of a high street property .

While the hull price of a 707 may be low , the number of people required to support it is large and the capital required to purchase support equipment is larger still .
while the hull price of a 707 may be low , the number of people required to support it is large and the capital required to [buy] support equipment is larger still .

Take purchase cost , expected operating costs , maintenance costs , operating capability and efficiency .
take [buy] cost , expected operating costs , maintenance costs , operating capability and efficiency .

He has the advantage of low purchase price , low-ish operating costs and even in this day and age — good spares back-up .
he has the advantage of low [buy] price , low-ish operating costs and even in this day and age — good spares back-up .

Young Arrowana should not have a yolk sac — and be seen feeding before purchase .
young arrowana should not have a yolk sac — and be seen feeding before [buy] .

Try to see Rasbora kalochroma well-established in a dealer 's tanks before considering a purchase .
try to see rasbora kalochroma well-established in a dealer 's tanks before considering a [buy] .

To discover why Lindsey chose this particular aircraft from among many other types that were available , one has to go back to 1967 and Lindsey 's purchase of the ‘ Me 108 ’ .
to discover why lindsey chose this particular aircraft from among many other types that were available , one has to go back to 1967 and lindsey 's [buy] of the ‘ me 108 ’ .

Purchase of market share is seen to be less costly than establishing brands — and is quicker too .
[buy] of market share is seen to be less costly than establishing brands — and is quicker too .

An owner-occupier is allowed to claim tax relief on the interest paid on a loan to purchase his house ( up to a maximum loan of £30,000 ) .
an owner-occupier is allowed to claim tax relief on the interest paid on a loan to [buy] his house ( up to a maximum loan of £30,000 ) .

People in regions with low house prices are usually unable to afford to purchase a house in a higher priced area , whereas those in the higher priced areas are unwilling to move out in view of the lower capital gains to be made .
people in regions with low house prices are usually unable to afford to [buy] a house in a higher priced area , whereas those in the higher priced areas are unwilling to move out in view of the lower capital gains to be made .

In addition individuals ' savings have been directed into house purchase , rather than into productive investment opportunities .
in addition individuals ' savings have been directed into house [buy] , rather than into productive investment opportunities .

Meanwhile she had many friends who took up her cause : memorial concerts were given in Prague and Vienna ; she received a gratuity from the Elector of Cologne ; and the King of Prussia offered to purchase several compositions for 100 ducats each ( including the Requiem which Constanze made sure was ‘ completed ’ by Süssmayr so that she could collect the last instalment of money due from Count Walsegg ) .
meanwhile she had many friends who took up her cause : memorial concerts were given in prague and vienna ; she received a gratuity from the elector of cologne ; and the king of prussia offered to [buy] several compositions for 100 ducats each ( including the requiem which constanze made sure was ‘ completed ’ by süssmayr so that she could collect the last instalment of money due from count walsegg ) .

Minimum purchase now is £100 and the maximum is £10,000 .
minimum [buy] now is £100 and the maximum is £10,000 .

Whichever way you fund your purchase , however , you are still buying shares in a limited company which is one of the main differences between investment and unit trusts .
whichever way you fund your [buy] , however , you are still buying shares in a limited company which is one of the main differences between investment and unit trusts .

Poverty can lead to inadequate diet for a number of reasons , notably an inability to purchase an adequate , balanced diet .
poverty can lead to inadequate diet for a number of reasons , notably an inability to [buy] an adequate , balanced diet .

‘ Well , you know this purchase order you 've got ?
‘ well , you know this [buy] order you 've got ?

Although it is fun to browse and choose whatever fabric appeals to you the most , there should be some definite planning behind your purchase .
although it is fun to browse and choose whatever fabric appeals to you the most , there should be some definite planning behind your [buy] .

In their search for a market for great stores of goods , the capitalists screamed about the necessity of putting Germany on its feet , Austria on its feet , Russia on its feet , and talked about granting credits which would enable those countries to purchase from us , so clearing our markets and setting our industries going . But why not set Glasgow on its feet , Dundee on its feet , Lanarkshire on its feet ? Could n't the people in these places use more goods if they had the power to purchase them ?
in their search for a market for great stores of goods , the capitalists screamed about the necessity of putting germany on its feet , austria on its feet , russia on its feet , and talked about granting credits which would enable those countries to [buy] from us , so clearing our markets and setting our industries going . but why not set glasgow on its feet , dundee on its feet , lanarkshire on its feet ? could n't the people in these places use more goods if they had the power to [buy] them ?

Many also undertook to meet monthly costs such as credit card and hire purchase repayments .
many also undertook to meet monthly costs such as credit card and hire [buy] repayments .

If you are in fluid situation house-wise , you could make the purchase of a lifetime .
if you are in fluid situation house-wise , you could make the [buy] of a lifetime .

Our aim is to help them make the right purchase by giving them all the information they need .
our aim is to help them make the right [buy] by giving them all the information they need .

One advantage of using Barclaycard , American Express or some of the Gold cards is that they offer ‘ purchase protection ’ .
one advantage of using barclaycard , american express or some of the gold cards is that they offer ‘ [buy] protection ’ .

The Bank refused to reveal the amount paid to previous owners Cabra Estates , but they have told Bates that Chelsea do not have to pay any part of the purchase price for up to 20 years .
the bank refused to reveal the amount paid to previous owners cabra estates , but they have told bates that chelsea do not have to pay any part of the [buy] price for up to 20 years .

It also offers a 40 % discount on its standard commission rates for advisory work ; these start at 1.11 % for the first £10,000 , with a minimum of £45 for a sale and £55 for a purchase .
it also offers a 40 % discount on its standard commission rates for advisory work ; these start at 1.11 % for the first £10,000 , with a minimum of £45 for a sale and £55 for a [buy] .

Commission rates on dealing start at 1.65% on the first £7,000 and then on a diminishing scale , with a minimum of £20 on both sale and purchase .
commission rates on dealing start at 1.65% on the first £7,000 and then on a diminishing scale , with a minimum of £20 on both sale and [buy] .

Where other people run purchase and ledger on a monthly basis , we run purchase and ledger daily from all of our trading locations .
where other people run [buy] and ledger on a monthly basis , we run [buy] and ledger daily from all of our trading locations .

The charging structure involves an initial set-up fee of £350 , an annual administration charge of ¼ % ; of fund ( minimum £100 , maximum £500 ) and an investment transaction charge for each purchase or sale .
the charging structure involves an initial set-up fee of £350 , an annual administration charge of ¼ % ; of fund ( minimum £100 , maximum £500 ) and an investment transaction charge for each [buy] or sale .

The loans must be below 75 % of the purchase price .
the loans must be below 75 % of the [buy] price .

First time buyers can borrow up to 95 % of the valuation or purchase price ; product fee is £150 .
first time buyers can borrow up to 95 % of the valuation or [buy] price ; product fee is £150 .

Purchase of shares
[buy] of shares

Most routine sale and purchase orders will not give rise to such firm commitments , as the entity could cancel them at will without incurring a severe penalty .
most routine sale and [buy] orders will not give rise to such firm commitments , as the entity could cancel them at will without incurring a severe penalty .

Financial fixed assets of building societies are accounted for at maturity value , plus or minus any premium or discount on purchase , which is amortised systematically over the security 's life .
financial fixed assets of building societies are accounted for at maturity value , plus or minus any premium or discount on [buy] , which is amortised systematically over the security 's life .

As a way of avoiding crippling purchase tax , which only applied to completed goods , Mr Chapman came up with the idea of selling the car in kit form .
as a way of avoiding crippling [buy] tax , which only applied to completed goods , mr chapman came up with the idea of selling the car in kit form .

It is possible to purchase gilts on the National Savings Stock Register up to a maximum of £10,000 in any one stock in any one day , and the interest is then received gross .
it is possible to [buy] gilts on the national savings stock register up to a maximum of £10,000 in any one stock in any one day , and the interest is then received gross .

They offer a good deal if interest rates , high at the time of purchase , subsequently fall .
they offer a good deal if interest rates , high at the time of [buy] , subsequently fall .

All sites now run the Chameleon financial ledgers , report writer and system manager modules , while some also run sales and purchase order processing and consolidation .
all sites now run the chameleon financial ledgers , report writer and system manager modules , while some also run sales and [buy] order processing and consolidation .

For example , Intergraph has translated the supplier entry screens on the purchase ledger so that the contact names and addresses are shown in the local address order and language .
for example , intergraph has translated the supplier entry screens on the [buy] ledger so that the contact names and addresses are shown in the local address order and language .

The PowerSystems modules in use include general ledger , sales order purchasing , sales ledger , purchase ledger , stock control , and payroll , with Power-Target used for sales analysis .
the powersystems modules in use include general ledger , sales order purchasing , sales ledger , [buy] ledger , stock control , and payroll , with power-target used for sales analysis .

Cash was raised to pay taxes , to buy salt and cloth , and to purchase Indian bone-dust fertilizer .
cash was raised to pay taxes , to buy salt and cloth , and to [buy] indian bone-dust fertilizer .

10 and 11 , but under Section 43 of the Act , they retained the right of compulsory purchase at a later date .
10 and 11 , but under section 43 of the act , they retained the right of compulsory [buy] at a later date .

( Details only came to light in 1972 , when London Transport received a compulsory purchase order , in connection with a further rebuilding of the bridge . )
( details only came to light in 1972 , when london transport received a compulsory [buy] order , in connection with a further rebuilding of the bridge . )

The company entered into negotiations for the purchase of a site in Raleigh Road , Penge .
the company entered into negotiations for the [buy] of a site in raleigh road , penge .

One month later , the Company was able to purchase twelve cars from Croydon Corporation , with spare parts at the bargain price of £700 for the lot .
one month later , the company was able to [buy] twelve cars from croydon corporation , with spare parts at the bargain price of £700 for the lot .

Leeds Corporation having agreed to purchase 92 Feltham type cars , they were taken out of service and moved to Charlton Works one at a time , so that conduit equipment could be removed and an articulated aircraft carrier lorry was specially adapted to carry each of them to Leeds .
leeds corporation having agreed to [buy] 92 feltham type cars , they were taken out of service and moved to charlton works one at a time , so that conduit equipment could be removed and an articulated aircraft carrier lorry was specially adapted to carry each of them to leeds .

Some complete buildings are advertised in the financial press although for most investors who can not afford to purchase an entire building the way to participate has been through enterprise zone property unit trusts .
some complete buildings are advertised in the financial press although for most investors who can not afford to [buy] an entire building the way to participate has been through enterprise zone property unit trusts .

For example , if another company in the group has provided guarantees in respect of dividends or redemption , or has undertaken to purchase the shares , the issue will constitute a liability of the group and should be reported as such .
for example , if another company in the group has provided guarantees in respect of dividends or redemption , or has undertaken to [buy] the shares , the issue will constitute a liability of the group and should be reported as such .

There is now little purchase in trying to run the ball for the simple reason that the penalty if you fail to sustain the movement is too great .
there is now little [buy] in trying to run the ball for the simple reason that the penalty if you fail to sustain the movement is too great .

If you are considering the purchase of an automatic controller as a part of your editing set-up , check first that it is compatible with both your video machines , by test if possible , before you commit to buying .
if you are considering the [buy] of an automatic controller as a part of your editing set-up , check first that it is compatible with both your video machines , by test if possible , before you commit to buying .

You can purchase suitable blue filters at lamp or theatrical specialists , and the type known as half-blue is the best for general purposes .
you can [buy] suitable blue filters at lamp or theatrical specialists , and the type known as half-blue is the best for general purposes .

If you purchase an audio mixer , look for one which has built-in level meters .
if you [buy] an audio mixer , look for one which has built-in level meters .

Harry Solomon orchestrated Hillsdown Holdings ' first big purchase in 1982 when he paid £39m for Imperial Foods .
harry solomon orchestrated hillsdown holdings ' first big [buy] in 1982 when he paid £39m for imperial foods .

But the key purchase was the acquisition for £14.5m of Dunn International in May 1991 .
but the key [buy] was the acquisition for £14.5m of dunn international in may 1991 .

Soon after , demolition was threatened , and the Blackheath Preservation Trust stepped in to purchase them .
soon after , demolition was threatened , and the blackheath preservation trust stepped in to [buy] them .

personal finance : house purchase
personal finance : house [buy]

The concept has been around for at least 30 years ; the American Hospital Supply Corporation was receiving electronic purchase orders from the hospitals it supplied in the early 1960s .
the concept has been around for at least 30 years ; the american hospital supply corporation was receiving electronic [buy] orders from the hospitals it supplied in the early 1960s .

The minimum purchase is £100 and the maximum holding £5,000 .
the minimum [buy] is £100 and the maximum holding £5,000 .

Minimum purchase is £100 and the maximum holding £5,000 .
minimum [buy] is £100 and the maximum holding £5,000 .

Thus , while the Government 's scheme to purchase some 20,000 properties will help reduce the overhang of unsold properties , it is unlikely to provide a significant boost to the market as a whole .
thus , while the government 's scheme to [buy] some 20,000 properties will help reduce the overhang of unsold properties , it is unlikely to provide a significant boost to the market as a whole .

The slump in the housing market has certainly dented the view of house purchase as an investment , but the desire to buy remains strong and the quality and availability of private rental stock continues to be limited .
the slump in the housing market has certainly dented the view of house [buy] as an investment , but the desire to buy remains strong and the quality and availability of private rental stock continues to be limited .

Has my mother any entitlement to income on the £60,000 as it was being gathered in by the solicitors and prior to it being handed over to the investment adviser for the purchase of the securities agreed by the trustees ? She is a bit upset that she has had to wait almost a year before receiving any income .
has my mother any entitlement to income on the £60,000 as it was being gathered in by the solicitors and prior to it being handed over to the investment adviser for the [buy] of the securities agreed by the trustees ? she is a bit upset that she has had to wait almost a year before receiving any income .

Repeating submissions made in December 1991 , it is further suggested that the requirements for a property to be let for 26 weeks out of a 52-week period — before an individual is allowed a deduction in respect of interest on a loan to purchase the property — is too restrictive in the present state of the property market .
repeating submissions made in december 1991 , it is further suggested that the requirements for a property to be let for 26 weeks out of a 52-week period — before an individual is allowed a deduction in respect of interest on a loan to [buy] the property — is too restrictive in the present state of the property market .

On 18 October 1989 , the Prudential had agreed to purchase the land and the conveyance was completed immediately .
on 18 october 1989 , the prudential had agreed to [buy] the land and the conveyance was completed immediately .

The sudden purchase of a 2.8 % stake by Lord Hanson , the archpredator , in May 1991 was the clearest possible signal that the company was in trouble , and vulnerable .
the sudden [buy] of a 2.8 % stake by lord hanson , the archpredator , in may 1991 was the clearest possible signal that the company was in trouble , and vulnerable .

This was a major factor in the decision by Fowler Welch , an expanding road haulage company in Spalding , Lincolnshire , to lease its trailers and lorries rather than purchase them outright .
this was a major factor in the decision by fowler welch , an expanding road haulage company in spalding , lincolnshire , to lease its trailers and lorries rather than [buy] them outright .

‘ When we first started we favoured hire purchase , ’ said Mr Salway .
‘ when we first started we favoured hire [buy] , ’ said mr salway .

‘ Now we lease rather than buy on hire purchase so we can match the payments on equipment to its lifetime and its earnings .
‘ now we lease rather than buy on hire [buy] so we can match the payments on equipment to its lifetime and its earnings .

We lease rather than buy on hire purchase so we can match the payments on equipment to its lifetime and its earnings . It is a cash-flow decision
we lease rather than buy on hire [buy] so we can match the payments on equipment to its lifetime and its earnings . it is a cash-flow decision

For many personal investors the direct purchase of European government bonds will be too daunting a task because of the complexities of the individual markets , the costs of dealing and settlement and the high minimum sums necessary to make such investment worthwhile .
for many personal investors the direct [buy] of european government bonds will be too daunting a task because of the complexities of the individual markets , the costs of dealing and settlement and the high minimum sums necessary to make such investment worthwhile .

In defence of the charges , David Moffat , fund manager of Eagle Star European ( 071–929 1111 ) , agrees that unit trusts are more expensive to buy but argues that with investment trusts there are dealing charges on purchase and sale , and that it is better to pay a percentage at the beginning when the fund is worth less than on redemption when , hopefully , it should be worth substantially more !
in defence of the charges , david moffat , fund manager of eagle star european ( 071–929 1111 ) , agrees that unit trusts are more expensive to buy but argues that with investment trusts there are dealing charges on [buy] and sale , and that it is better to pay a percentage at the beginning when the fund is worth less than on redemption when , hopefully , it should be worth substantially more !

If this could be shown to be the case they would have been entitled to a share purchase order from the Court .
if this could be shown to be the case they would have been entitled to a share [buy] order from the court .

The Court of first instance therefore decided that there had been no unfair prejudice and that a share purchase order could not be made .
the court of first instance therefore decided that there had been no unfair prejudice and that a share [buy] order could not be made .

Since the enactment of s 459 1985 , it has been regarded as a better remedy for a minority affected by prejudice in a company to ask for a share purchase order under s 461 rather than to seek a return of share capital through a winding-up petition which results in the liquidation of a solvent company ( a member can not petition under s 122 ( 1 ) ( g ) if the company is insolvent because he has no interest ) .
since the enactment of s 459 1985 , it has been regarded as a better remedy for a minority affected by prejudice in a company to ask for a share [buy] order under s 461 rather than to seek a return of share capital through a winding-up petition which results in the liquidation of a solvent company ( a member can not petition under s 122 ( 1 ) ( g ) if the company is insolvent because he has no interest ) .

‘ The terms for refunds were on the back of our tickets which meant we did not see them until after we had made the purchase . ’
‘ the terms for refunds were on the back of our tickets which meant we did not see them until after we had made the [buy] . ’

Negotiations have broken down between Bernard Tapie Finance and Pentland over the purchase of Adidas .
negotiations have broken down between bernard tapie finance and pentland over the [buy] of adidas .

Moreover , on top of the purchase commission there is usually a charge when cashing the cheque , although both Amex and Thomas Cook have offices around the world where their cheques can be cashed free of charge .
moreover , on top of the [buy] commission there is usually a charge when cashing the cheque , although both amex and thomas cook have offices around the world where their cheques can be cashed free of charge .

There are eight accounting modules : nominal ledger ; invoicing ; stock control ; budgeting ; sales ledger ; purchase ledger ; purchasing ; and auditing .
there are eight accounting modules : nominal ledger ; invoicing ; stock control ; budgeting ; sales ledger ; [buy] ledger ; purchasing ; and auditing .

Mr Nicholas tried to obtain an order from the court for the purchase of his shares in Magnetics or that the company be wound up .
mr nicholas tried to obtain an order from the court for the [buy] of his shares in magnetics or that the company be wound up .

The objectives were to help organisations assess their readiness to purchase and deliver services , individually and jointly ; to plot relationships between agencies ; and to set benchmarks for measuring progress ; and to agree priorities for action .
the objectives were to help organisations assess their readiness to [buy] and deliver services , individually and jointly ; to plot relationships between agencies ; and to set benchmarks for measuring progress ; and to agree priorities for action .

The airline 's purchase of a 30 % stake and management control of Aerolineas Argentinas and its domestic-airline subsidiary , Austral , was plagued by disagreements with local investors and by strikes when Iberia tried to trim the group 's bloated labour force .
the airline 's [buy] of a 30 % stake and management control of aerolineas argentinas and its domestic-airline subsidiary , austral , was plagued by disagreements with local investors and by strikes when iberia tried to trim the group 's bloated labour force .

This operation once employed 500 people shuffling purchase orders and invoices among themselves .
this operation once employed 500 people shuffling [buy] orders and invoices among themselves .

His $ 100m purchase of shares in Newmont Mining , an American producer , from Sir James Goldsmith was worth far more to the gold market in terms of morale than a straightforward injection of fresh money .
his $ 100m [buy] of shares in newmont mining , an american producer , from sir james goldsmith was worth far more to the gold market in terms of morale than a straightforward injection of fresh money .

Mr Berlusconi made it clear from the start that his new purchase was going to be run like any other company .
mr berlusconi made it clear from the start that his new [buy] was going to be run like any other company .

That deprives Japanese of the space that , in other rich countries , would be used to accommodate the domestic fantasies whose purchase occupies the weekends and disposes of the earnings of workers .
that deprives japanese of the space that , in other rich countries , would be used to accommodate the domestic fantasies whose [buy] occupies the weekends and disposes of the earnings of workers .

Prison officers are now salaried and take time off in lieu rather than accumulate high earnings on overtime ; they can purchase their own houses , and they can be promoted to governor grades rather than remaining a secondary uniformed branch .
prison officers are now salaried and take time off in lieu rather than accumulate high earnings on overtime ; they can [buy] their own houses , and they can be promoted to governor grades rather than remaining a secondary uniformed branch .

True , neither the mews house nor any stick of furniture in it had been his by law , but they had chosen many of the items together — she relying upon his artist 's eye , he upon her money to purchase whatever his gaze admired .
true , neither the mews house nor any stick of furniture in it had been his by law , but they had chosen many of the items together — she relying upon his artist 's eye , he upon her money to [buy] whatever his gaze admired .

The first changes were minor — Kemsley 's sale of the Daily Sketch to Lord Rothermere in 1952 and the Pearson/West-minster Press purchase of The Financial Times in 1957 .
the first changes were minor — kemsley 's sale of the daily sketch to lord rothermere in 1952 and the pearson/west-minster press [buy] of the financial times in 1957 .

The large concentration of circulation in the late 1960s was due to the Mirror Group 's purchase of the Daily Herald and the People at a time when Murdoch had not yet arrived to challenge the dominance of the Daily Mirror over the tabloid market .
the large concentration of circulation in the late 1960s was due to the mirror group 's [buy] of the daily herald and the people at a time when murdoch had not yet arrived to challenge the dominance of the daily mirror over the tabloid market .

The purchase of 11 provincial dailies and one Sunday was followed by various manoeuvres .
the [buy] of 11 provincial dailies and one sunday was followed by various manoeuvres .

The Iliffe interests expanded too , through launches and the purchase of the Birmingham Sunday Mercury from the Westminster Press .
the iliffe interests expanded too , through launches and the [buy] of the birmingham sunday mercury from the westminster press .

His purchase of the Kemsley newspaper chain was a step in the overall process of press concentration and gave him a Fleet Street prize , The Sunday Times .
his [buy] of the kemsley newspaper chain was a step in the overall process of press concentration and gave him a fleet street prize , the sunday times .

Similarly Sir James Goldsmith , whose fortunes were in the food industry , started a weekly news magazine , Now , in 1979 , after failing to purchase a suitable established title .
similarly sir james goldsmith , whose fortunes were in the food industry , started a weekly news magazine , now , in 1979 , after failing to [buy] a suitable established title .

Today , 90-95 % of a property 's value is the maximum , and because of conservative valuations ( often 10-15 % below the purchase price ) , first-time buyers are having to find deposits as large as 20 % .
today , 90-95 % of a property 's value is the maximum , and because of conservative valuations ( often 10-15 % below the [buy] price ) , first-time buyers are having to find deposits as large as 20 % .

Against the protests of many of their salesmen , then , the Central Authority and Area Boards gave in to government pressure to restrict promotional advertising and hire purchase schemes in order to curtail the over-rapid growth of demand .
against the protests of many of their salesmen , then , the central authority and area boards gave in to government pressure to restrict promotional advertising and hire [buy] schemes in order to curtail the over-rapid growth of demand .

The long , arduous and structured process of conflict over the annual budgets gave the mandarins a chance to probe detailed questions of rural electrification , delays in connecting particular consumers , hire purchase finance , and other relatively minor areas .
the long , arduous and structured process of conflict over the annual budgets gave the mandarins a chance to probe detailed questions of rural electrification , delays in connecting particular consumers , hire [buy] finance , and other relatively minor areas .

The Boards accepted the general financial oversight , and also the cuts imposed on their early capital budgets , at government behest , on some of the less essential items such as Board offices and shops , rural electrification and hire purchase finance .
the boards accepted the general financial oversight , and also the cuts imposed on their early capital budgets , at government behest , on some of the less essential items such as board offices and shops , rural electrification and hire [buy] finance .

Despite some pressure from sales staff to be allowed a more adventurous policy of price cutting and quantity marketing , the Boards agreed to maintain manufacturers ' list prices in order not to offend competing retailers , though there was some disguised price-cutting in their favourable hire purchase terms , especially for cookers .
despite some pressure from sales staff to be allowed a more adventurous policy of price cutting and quantity marketing , the boards agreed to maintain manufacturers ' list prices in order not to offend competing retailers , though there was some disguised price-cutting in their favourable hire [buy] terms , especially for cookers .

In the mid-1950s , when the private sector finance houses were increasing their facilities for private retailers , the Government withheld some of the funds the Boards requested for developing their own hire purchase schemes , thus further hobbling them against the competition .
in the mid-1950s , when the private sector finance houses were increasing their facilities for private retailers , the government withheld some of the funds the boards requested for developing their own hire [buy] schemes , thus further hobbling them against the competition .

Rather more reasonably , the Government also insisted that they raise the interest charge in hire purchase schemes to market rates ( rather than the privileged rates at which the Boards borrowed capital from the Treasury ) .
rather more reasonably , the government also insisted that they raise the interest charge in hire [buy] schemes to market rates ( rather than the privileged rates at which the boards borrowed capital from the treasury ) .

Even so , a rise in the proportion of appliance sales on hire purchase from only a tenth on nationalisation to nearly a half ten years later enabled them to retain their share in the growing retail market for electrical goods at about the 25 per cent level which they inherited on nationalisation .
even so , a rise in the proportion of appliance sales on hire [buy] from only a tenth on nationalisation to nearly a half ten years later enabled them to retain their share in the growing retail market for electrical goods at about the 25 per cent level which they inherited on nationalisation .

On most appliances ( except cookers which were exempt ) the high postwar level of purchase tax ( varying between 50 per cent and 100 per cent for much of this period ) , government restriction of credit facilities , and the limited adoption of modern design and mass production techniques severely limited the market size .
on most appliances ( except cookers which were exempt ) the high postwar level of [buy] tax ( varying between 50 per cent and 100 per cent for much of this period ) , government restriction of credit facilities , and the limited adoption of modern design and mass production techniques severely limited the market size .

By 1977 the family had accumulated enough capital , acumen and experience to pull off the property deal of the century : the purchase for $ 120m of eight Manhattan skyscrapers when the city of New York was on the brink of bankruptcy .
by 1977 the family had accumulated enough capital , acumen and experience to pull off the property deal of the century : the [buy] for $ 120m of eight manhattan skyscrapers when the city of new york was on the brink of bankruptcy .

The purchase also raises Zurich 's low profile in the British market .
the [buy] also raises zurich 's low profile in the british market .

Henry Erskine 's correspondents could have added to their list several other varieties of revenue officer , judicial appointments , university chairs , first appointments in the army or the navy , and where these could be obtained without purchase , advancement in rank in these services , Indian and colonial patronage , and much more .
henry erskine 's correspondents could have added to their list several other varieties of revenue officer , judicial appointments , university chairs , first appointments in the army or the navy , and where these could be obtained without [buy] , advancement in rank in these services , indian and colonial patronage , and much more .

Family tradition attracted many Scots into the army who might have been better advised to look elsewhere , but in time of war there was always the hope that disease or wounds would carry off enough military superiors to create vacancies without purchase and permit advancement in rank .
family tradition attracted many scots into the army who might have been better advised to look elsewhere , but in time of war there was always the hope that disease or wounds would carry off enough military superiors to create vacancies without [buy] and permit advancement in rank .

Commissions in an expanding army might be made available without purchase , either to support the interest of Administration politicians or to stimulate recruiting and sometimes both , but rarely could they serve an opposition politician directly , although the fact that military commissions were not immediately under the control of the Government manager for Scotland permitted some indirect approaches by opposition members and their friends .
commissions in an expanding army might be made available without [buy] , either to support the interest of administration politicians or to stimulate recruiting and sometimes both , but rarely could they serve an opposition politician directly , although the fact that military commissions were not immediately under the control of the government manager for scotland permitted some indirect approaches by opposition members and their friends .

Further advancement , however , was slow indeed for those officers who were unable to purchase a step in rank in their turn .
further advancement , however , was slow indeed for those officers who were unable to [buy] a step in rank in their turn .

Although recent research appears to raise some uncertainty about the purchase of commissions in the artillery and engineers , purchase certainly had a less prominent place in the promotions in the technical corps .
although recent research appears to raise some uncertainty about the [buy] of commissions in the artillery and engineers , [buy] certainly had a less prominent place in the promotions in the technical corps .

Permission to sell a commission or permission to purchase one was again something which might involve the intervention of a politician .
permission to sell a commission or permission to [buy] one was again something which might involve the intervention of a politician .

In 1728 , for example , Lord Milton , in spite of his involvement in the political management of Scotland , failed to secure permission for David Stewart of Ballachallan to purchase the commission of Lieutenant Graham of the Royal Regiment of North British Fusiliers , because the King had prohibited buying , selling or resigning commissions .
in 1728 , for example , lord milton , in spite of his involvement in the political management of scotland , failed to secure permission for david stewart of ballachallan to [buy] the commission of lieutenant graham of the royal regiment of north british fusiliers , because the king had prohibited buying , selling or resigning commissions .

Captain Ferguson , however , was not the senior in his rank , but the other captains were unable to make the purchase .
captain ferguson , however , was not the senior in his rank , but the other captains were unable to make the [buy] .

In 1753 , for example , Provost William Christie of Stirling sought Lord Milton 's intervention with Lord Loudoun on behalf of his son-in-law , Ensign Gunning , who wished to purchase from Charles Elphinstone his commission as Lieutenant of Stirling Castle , or if that was not permitted , the commission of the Ensign of the Castle .
in 1753 , for example , provost william christie of stirling sought lord milton 's intervention with lord loudoun on behalf of his son-in-law , ensign gunning , who wished to [buy] from charles elphinstone his commission as lieutenant of stirling castle , or if that was not permitted , the commission of the ensign of the castle .

Political intervention was advisable even when an applicant had the necessary financial strength to make a purchase , and if a gift of a commission was a greater compliment , permission to purchase was nonetheless gratefully accepted .
political intervention was advisable even when an applicant had the necessary financial strength to make a [buy] , and if a gift of a commission was a greater compliment , permission to [buy] was nonetheless gratefully accepted .

These are documents sent to clients to confirm the purchase of shares or bonds that are held in custody .
these are documents sent to clients to confirm the [buy] of shares or bonds that are held in custody .

In 1968 the newly formed ‘ Keighley & Worth Valley Light Railway Limited , ’ a limited liability company with ten ‘ worker directors ’ agreed with British Rail to purchase the five-mile-long Keighley to Oxenhope branch line in West Yorkshire for the sum of £45,000 at a fixed annual repayment over 25 years .
in 1968 the newly formed ‘ keighley & worth valley light railway limited , ’ a limited liability company with ten ‘ worker directors ’ agreed with british rail to [buy] the five-mile-long keighley to oxenhope branch line in west yorkshire for the sum of £45,000 at a fixed annual repayment over 25 years .

Fund raising began in earnest and a shares offer was also launched bringing in much needed cash to help with the loco purchase .
fund raising began in earnest and a shares offer was also launched bringing in much needed cash to help with the loco [buy] .

the purchase of a System 9000 entitles the owner to a two-day course with a one-day follow up six to eight weeks later .
the [buy] of a system 9000 entitles the owner to a two-day course with a one-day follow up six to eight weeks later .

In 1988 , Northern Arts , the regional arts board for Cleveland , Cumbria , Durham , Northumberland and Tyne & Wear devised an enterprising scheme to provide interest-free loans to commission and purchase new works of art .
in 1988 , northern arts , the regional arts board for cleveland , cumbria , durham , northumberland and tyne & wear devised an enterprising scheme to provide interest-free loans to commission and [buy] new works of art .

Regarding acquisitions , the numbers of works acquired by purchase and donation ( including works on paper ) in each section of the collection between 1990 and 1992 are as follows : British collection , including prints and drawings , 105 ; modern collection , excluding prints , 170 ; modern prints , 313 ; artists ' archive , 55 .
regarding acquisitions , the numbers of works acquired by [buy] and donation ( including works on paper ) in each section of the collection between 1990 and 1992 are as follows : british collection , including prints and drawings , 105 ; modern collection , excluding prints , 170 ; modern prints , 313 ; artists ' archive , 55 .

The picture was sold by the Earl of Rosebery at Sotheby 's London in July 1992 to New York dealer Otto Naumann and his partner Milwaukee chemical magnate Alfred Bader ( himself a noted collector of Rembrandt school paintings ) for £3.8 million ( $ 6 million ) and according to Naumann , ‘ forty-eight hours after the purchase , a deal was being hammered out ’ with the Dutch museums .
the picture was sold by the earl of rosebery at sotheby 's london in july 1992 to new york dealer otto naumann and his partner milwaukee chemical magnate alfred bader ( himself a noted collector of rembrandt school paintings ) for £3.8 million ( $ 6 million ) and according to naumann , ‘ forty-eight hours after the [buy] , a deal was being hammered out ’ with the dutch museums .

This was the reason behind their most recent Rembrandt purchase , in 1985 , of the 1634 oval portrait of the rather dull ‘ Haesje Jacobsdr .
this was the reason behind their most recent rembrandt [buy] , in 1985 , of the 1634 oval portrait of the rather dull ‘ haesje jacobsdr .

The one problem about the purchase is the picture 's poor physical condition .
the one problem about the [buy] is the picture 's poor physical condition .

The funds came from various sources , including the Vereniging Rembrandt , the Rijksmuseumstichtung , and Prins Bernhardfonds , although the museum still must raise some DFl.2 million it borrowed to support the purchase .
the funds came from various sources , including the vereniging rembrandt , the rijksmuseumstichtung , and prins bernhardfonds , although the museum still must raise some dfl.2 million it borrowed to support the [buy] .

At the time of purchase the fragments were erroneously assembled into a sea battle , but reassembly of the forty or so small pieces has revealed a land battle scene , the only one known painted on a papyrus , substantially preserved in two areas .
at the time of [buy] the fragments were erroneously assembled into a sea battle , but reassembly of the forty or so small pieces has revealed a land battle scene , the only one known painted on a papyrus , substantially preserved in two areas .

Mr Gill 's wife nominated him for the prize for his purchase of the ‘ Astronomicon ’ , a poem in Latin verse on astronomy and astrology of around 1455–60 by Basinio da Parma , dedicated to Malatesta Novello , lord of Cesena , and probably made in Rimini .
mr gill 's wife nominated him for the prize for his [buy] of the ‘ astronomicon ’ , a poem in latin verse on astronomy and astrology of around 1455–60 by basinio da parma , dedicated to malatesta novello , lord of cesena , and probably made in rimini .

His own collection of miniatures was begun , he has said , because he could not afford to purchase entire illuminated manuscripts .
his own collection of miniatures was begun , he has said , because he could not afford to [buy] entire illuminated manuscripts .

It made such stellar acquisitions as the Packard collection of Japanese art , twenty-five Chinese paintings from the Sung and Yuan Dynasties , a Bacchic group by Bernini , Monet 's ‘ Terrace at Sainte-Adresse ’ , the Robert Lehman collection , David 's ‘ Portrait of Lavoisier and his wife ’ , the Temple of Dendur , Canova 's ‘ Perseus ’ and Velasquez 's ‘ Juan de Pareja ’ ( still the most important single paintings acquisition since its purchase in 1970 ) and made the museum more accessible and inviting to the public .
it made such stellar acquisitions as the packard collection of japanese art , twenty-five chinese paintings from the sung and yuan dynasties , a bacchic group by bernini , monet 's ‘ terrace at sainte-adresse ’ , the robert lehman collection , david 's ‘ portrait of lavoisier and his wife ’ , the temple of dendur , canova 's ‘ perseus ’ and velasquez 's ‘ juan de pareja ’ ( still the most important single paintings acquisition since its [buy] in 1970 ) and made the museum more accessible and inviting to the public .

He has never ceased to use his career at the Met as a touchstone for such later projects as editor-in-chief of Connoisseur Magazine and several ‘ inside scoop ’ books on the art world ranging from Tutankhamen : The Untold Story to his early years as a curator of the Met 's medieval department and his purchase of the ‘ Bury St Edmunds Cross ’ ( King of the Confessors ) .
he has never ceased to use his career at the met as a touchstone for such later projects as editor-in-chief of connoisseur magazine and several ‘ inside scoop ’ books on the art world ranging from tutankhamen : the untold story to his early years as a curator of the met 's medieval department and his [buy] of the ‘ bury st edmunds cross ’ ( king of the confessors ) .

Now that the national museums no longer have their purchase grants awarded separately from grant in aid for running costs , they fear that those will be further whittled away and they will be even less capable of competing for major masterpieces .
now that the national museums no longer have their [buy] grants awarded separately from grant in aid for running costs , they fear that those will be further whittled away and they will be even less capable of competing for major masterpieces .

Those holding tickets for the pulled September show are asked to exchange them at the point of purchase .
those holding tickets for the pulled september show are asked to exchange them at the point of [buy] .

With passenger figures for 1992 up 66% on the previous year following the reopening of the railway from Bitton to Oldland Common , the £30,000 legal costs of obtaining the Light Railway Order have been all but cleared , and now a £10,000 loan has been taken out to purchase half-a-mile of rail which will be used to relay the former Midland Railway line south towards Bath — the flat-bottom rail being laid on concrete sleepers already in store at Bitton Station .
with passenger figures for 1992 up 66% on the previous year following the reopening of the railway from bitton to oldland common , the £30,000 legal costs of obtaining the light railway order have been all but cleared , and now a £10,000 loan has been taken out to [buy] half-a-mile of rail which will be used to relay the former midland railway line south towards bath — the flat-bottom rail being laid on concrete sleepers already in store at bitton station .

Christine Heap , Curator of Information Services said ; ‘ The purchase of imaging equipment is an exciting development for the Museum which will eventually enable the public to have far easier access to our fascinating negative collections .
christine heap , curator of information services said ; ‘ the [buy] of imaging equipment is an exciting development for the museum which will eventually enable the public to have far easier access to our fascinating negative collections .

Final negotiations for the purchase of Flying Scotsman 's spare tender have been complex and protracted , but have resulted in the Project obtaining the tender at an extremely attractive price .
final negotiations for the [buy] of flying scotsman 's spare tender have been complex and protracted , but have resulted in the project obtaining the tender at an extremely attractive price .

Compulsory purchase order .
compulsory [buy] order .

Due diligence is vital to prove bona fide purchase
due diligence is vital to prove bona fide [buy]

Queen 's Gallery shows a king 's purchase
queen 's gallery shows a king 's [buy]

This amount has to pay the salaries of 160 employees , leaving little for the purchase of works of art .
this amount has to pay the salaries of 160 employees , leaving little for the [buy] of works of art .

Assistance to purchase came from the National Heritage Memorial Fund , which gave £100,000 , the National Art Collections Fund , which gave £50,000 and £250,000 from the legacies of the late Keith Andrews , keeper of the Gallery 's print room from 1958 to 1985 , and his sister .
assistance to [buy] came from the national heritage memorial fund , which gave £100,000 , the national art collections fund , which gave £50,000 and £250,000 from the legacies of the late keith andrews , keeper of the gallery 's print room from 1958 to 1985 , and his sister .

The rest will be paid over two years from the £1.75 million annual purchase grant of the National Galleries of Scotland .
the rest will be paid over two years from the £1.75 million annual [buy] grant of the national galleries of scotland .

Most expensive purchase since Leonardo 's ‘ Ginevra de ’ Benci ’
most expensive [buy] since leonardo 's ‘ ginevra de ’ benci ’

Meanwhile , to keep as much of its collection as possible in New York City , the Society is offering other New York institutions the right of first refusal in the purchase of its works put up for sale .
meanwhile , to keep as much of its collection as possible in new york city , the society is offering other new york institutions the right of first refusal in the [buy] of its works put up for sale .

This leaves the Metropolitan with one last hope to secure some of the most urgently needed Sharp items before their dispersal , either by private purchase or by gift .
this leaves the metropolitan with one last hope to secure some of the most urgently needed sharp items before their dispersal , either by private [buy] or by gift .

The station was offered to us for the sum of £20,000 , but when we asked for a private valuation in the hope of securing a loan to purchase the site , the valuer valued the site at only £10,000 .
the station was offered to us for the sum of £20,000 , but when we asked for a private valuation in the hope of securing a loan to [buy] the site , the valuer valued the site at only £10,000 .

It appears that as far back as 1984 , perhaps even 1983 , the authenticity of the Lebanese export licenses became an issue when a museum curator [ the Getty ] contemplating purchase of the treasure rejected the licenses as forgeries .
it appears that as far back as 1984 , perhaps even 1983 , the authenticity of the lebanese export licenses became an issue when a museum curator [ the getty ] contemplating [buy] of the treasure rejected the licenses as forgeries .

Immediately offered to the Victoria & Albert Museum for £40,000 , the museum , although interested , was unable to purchase it as its funds were exhausted by the purchase of two huge albums of eighteenth-century architectural drawings from Elton Hall .
immediately offered to the victoria & albert museum for £40,000 , the museum , although interested , was unable to [buy] it as its funds were exhausted by the [buy] of two huge albums of eighteenth-century architectural drawings from elton hall .

The paintings were at first estimated at FFr4–5 million by Paris expert Eric Turquin and their sale was planned to help purchase a scanner for the hospital .
the paintings were at first estimated at ffr4–5 million by paris expert eric turquin and their sale was planned to help [buy] a scanner for the hospital .

We are , however , in discussion with the Receiver on the formation of a new group , including us , which will look at the possibility of purchase back and the resurrection of the business ’ .
we are , however , in discussion with the receiver on the formation of a new group , including us , which will look at the possibility of [buy] back and the resurrection of the business ’ .

This scheme allowed individuals to arrange for an interest-free loan of up to DFl.12,500 ( £4,460 ; $ 7,140 ) to finance the purchase of a work of art .
this scheme allowed individuals to arrange for an interest-free loan of up to dfl.12,500 ( £4,460 ; $ 7,140 ) to finance the [buy] of a work of art .

Asprey have said that they view the purchase as an investment ; in the short term their purchase had a beneficial effect on Mallett 's shares which leaped from 45p to 74p on 21–22 December .
asprey have said that they view the [buy] as an investment ; in the short term their [buy] had a beneficial effect on mallett 's shares which leaped from 45p to 74p on 21–22 december .

But whereas integrationist sympathies were widespread in many continental states , they had little purchase in Britain , especially within the ruling Labour Party .
but whereas integrationist sympathies were widespread in many continental states , they had little [buy] in britain , especially within the ruling labour party .

Note the horizontal position of the foot for maximum purchase .
note the horizontal position of the foot for maximum [buy] .

Canary set out to purchase the base airframes for the planned conversions and marginally flyable Texans and Vibrators were collected from across North America and ferried to the modification headquarters at Long Beach , California .
canary set out to [buy] the base airframes for the planned conversions and marginally flyable texans and vibrators were collected from across north america and ferried to the modification headquarters at long beach , california .

This Museum , with the help of the Museums and Galleries Commission/Science Museum Grant Fund , was able to purchase most of this collection and thus help it in the public domain .
this museum , with the help of the museums and galleries commission/science museum grant fund , was able to [buy] most of this collection and thus help it in the public domain .

Numerous products from Africa could give British merchants the opportunity to push Dutch carriers out of supplying European markets and provide in Africa resources for the purchase of British manufactures .
numerous products from africa could give british merchants the opportunity to push dutch carriers out of supplying european markets and provide in africa resources for the [buy] of british manufactures .

By the late summer of 1831 so crucial did regular sympathetic treatment in the metropolitan press seem to Thomas Pringle , secretary of the Anti-Slavery Society , that he discussed a plan with provincial abolitionists for the purchase of a part share in the Morning Herald which would also be distributed to country subscribers .
by the late summer of 1831 so crucial did regular sympathetic treatment in the metropolitan press seem to thomas pringle , secretary of the anti-slavery society , that he discussed a plan with provincial abolitionists for the [buy] of a part share in the morning herald which would also be distributed to country subscribers .

People were encouraged to purchase furnishings , appliances , clothes , videos and entertainment systems and prepared food : this provided jobs in retailing , distribution and transport , and in assembly of imported components .
people were encouraged to [buy] furnishings , appliances , clothes , videos and entertainment systems and prepared food : this provided jobs in retailing , distribution and transport , and in assembly of imported components .

The purchase of his house was a purchase on security .
the [buy] of his house was a [buy] on security .

Elena received a fee for permission to purchase what was by Romanian standards a luxurious limousine , even if in the West the car might have been only a family saloon .
elena received a fee for permission to [buy] what was by romanian standards a luxurious limousine , even if in the west the car might have been only a family saloon .

He has helped guide us carefully through some difficult decisions and seen through the establishment of the pastoral team and the purchase of the Camphill building .
he has helped guide us carefully through some difficult decisions and seen through the establishment of the pastoral team and the [buy] of the camphill building .

And borrowing for house purchase has always been accepted as very respectable .
and borrowing for house [buy] has always been accepted as very respectable .

Hire purchase had only relatively recently begun to blur what had been a fairly clear distinction between the highest interest which characterised the debts of the needy and the non-existent or low interest attached to other credit .
hire [buy] had only relatively recently begun to blur what had been a fairly clear distinction between the highest interest which characterised the debts of the needy and the non-existent or low interest attached to other credit .

Hire purchase , credit sale and conditional sale advertising had to give a comprehensive picture of costs ( if it mentioned any financial terms ) , and any interest rate it quoted had to approximate to a true annual rate of interest , but the formula used was different from the one in the Moneylenders Acts .
hire [buy] , credit sale and conditional sale advertising had to give a comprehensive picture of costs ( if it mentioned any financial terms ) , and any interest rate it quoted had to approximate to a true annual rate of interest , but the formula used was different from the one in the moneylenders acts .

Nor were hire purchase , conditional or credit sale transactions involving over £2,000 .
nor were hire [buy] , conditional or credit sale transactions involving over £2,000 .

Although by law hire purchase advertising had to be ‘ accurate ’ , there was no reporting process to make this more effective than a formality ( except for the efforts of individual weights and measures inspectors who became concerned about credit provision when their duties were extended by the Trade Descriptions Act 1968 to cover a very wide range of consumer affairs ) .
although by law hire [buy] advertising had to be ‘ accurate ’ , there was no reporting process to make this more effective than a formality ( except for the efforts of individual weights and measures inspectors who became concerned about credit provision when their duties were extended by the trade descriptions act 1968 to cover a very wide range of consumer affairs ) .

For example , hire purchase will generally be fixed-sum , restricted-use , debtor-creditor-supplier ; credit card use will generally be running-account , restricted-use , debtor-creditor-supplier , and additionally involve a credit token .
for example , hire [buy] will generally be fixed-sum , restricted-use , debtor-creditor-supplier ; credit card use will generally be running-account , restricted-use , debtor-creditor-supplier , and additionally involve a credit token .

Bank personal loan Similar to current account loan , but interest rate fixed at start , and even more likely to be earmarked for a particular purchase .
bank personal loan similar to current account loan , but interest rate fixed at start , and even more likely to be earmarked for a particular [buy] .

Finance company personal loan Rather like bank personal loan , for say £300 to £3,000 , but often not specifying a particular purchase and arranged by post ( or through ‘ money shop ’ ) with finance company ; interest rate usually fixed at start .
finance company personal loan rather like bank personal loan , for say £300 to £3,000 , but often not specifying a particular [buy] and arranged by post ( or through ‘ money shop ’ ) with finance company ; interest rate usually fixed at start .

Trading check Document giving credit up to fixed total ( often £30 ) at certain shops ; each purchase is deducted from check , leaving smaller credit balance ; fixed instalments including interest set at start on full value of check usually collected weekly ( often in 21 or 22 weeks ) .
trading check document giving credit up to fixed total ( often £30 ) at certain shops ; each [buy] is deducted from check , leaving smaller credit balance ; fixed instalments including interest set at start on full value of check usually collected weekly ( often in 21 or 22 weeks ) .

Voucher Similar to trading check , but usually for more extensive specific purchase from specific shop ; fixed payments including interest fixed at start , maybe collected weekly over one to three years .
voucher similar to trading check , but usually for more extensive specific [buy] from specific shop ; fixed payments including interest fixed at start , maybe collected weekly over one to three years .

In 1979 ( November ) bank loans outstanding to individual customers , not for house purchase , totalled over £5,000 million , including what had been advanced on bank credit cards .
in 1979 ( november ) bank loans outstanding to individual customers , not for house [buy] , totalled over £5,000 million , including what had been advanced on bank credit cards .

The discussion groups ( made up of people who used or at least wanted to use credit ) suggest that while Asians may be relatively well informed about credit and particularly likely to use bank loans , West Indians are likely to use on-the-spot credit sources such as hire purchase .
the discussion groups ( made up of people who used or at least wanted to use credit ) suggest that while asians may be relatively well informed about credit and particularly likely to use bank loans , west indians are likely to use on-the-spot credit sources such as hire [buy] .

If mail order is excluded , much the same proportions of people patronised the various types of shopping centre , and types of shop , for their most recent non-routine purchase , regardless of whether they were buying on credit or buying for cash .
if mail order is excluded , much the same proportions of people patronised the various types of shopping centre , and types of shop , for their most recent non-routine [buy] , regardless of whether they were buying on credit or buying for cash .

Rates may vary a lot around these averages with hire purchase ( could be up to 40 per cent ) , shop accounts ( say , between 0 and 31 per cent ) , finance company loans ( up to 50 per cent ) , finance company second mortgages ( could be over 40 per cent ) .
rates may vary a lot around these averages with hire [buy] ( could be up to 40 per cent ) , shop accounts ( say , between 0 and 31 per cent ) , finance company loans ( up to 50 per cent ) , finance company second mortgages ( could be over 40 per cent ) .

Hire purchase users were slightly less likely than average to label it as expensive , or giving poor value for money .
hire [buy] users were slightly less likely than average to label it as expensive , or giving poor value for money .

But one of the cost factors , particularly the amount of each instalment , is as likely to be rated important by people deciding to use hire purchase .
but one of the cost factors , particularly the amount of each instalment , is as likely to be rated important by people deciding to use hire [buy] .

So we should like to see an authoritative source of comparative APRs : both typical rates and the extremes of the range of rates , for different types of credit and ( where this makes a significant difference ) different types of purchase financed by the same type of credit .
so we should like to see an authoritative source of comparative aprs : both typical rates and the extremes of the range of rates , for different types of credit and ( where this makes a significant difference ) different types of [buy] financed by the same type of credit .

One in three credit buyers have still been paying off some previous transaction with the same lender when they have arranged their most recent significant credit purchase .
one in three credit buyers have still been paying off some previous transaction with the same lender when they have arranged their most recent significant credit [buy] .

The moment of purchase : how people could use credit cost information
the moment of [buy] : how people could use credit cost information

We also asked people if they had ever had any problems over credit use , apart from the most recent purchase .
we also asked people if they had ever had any problems over credit use , apart from the most recent [buy] .

And users of hire purchase were unusual , in being little more favourable in their attitudes to it than non-users .
and users of hire [buy] were unusual , in being little more favourable in their attitudes to it than non-users .

And — an important factor this , in view of the way that we found some commercial lenders now tend to make repetitive and cumulative borrowing almost an end in itself , rather than simply the means of funding one desired purchase — the union has no interest in persuading its members to borrow .
and — an important factor this , in view of the way that we found some commercial lenders now tend to make repetitive and cumulative borrowing almost an end in itself , rather than simply the means of funding one desired [buy] — the union has no interest in persuading its members to borrow .

With ‘ old-fashioned ’ fixed-sum instalment credit , a consumer considering a purchase has to choose between doing without , finding the cash , and going through what could be the rather daunting business of arranging credit for that particular item .
with ‘ old-fashioned ’ fixed-sum instalment credit , a consumer considering a [buy] has to choose between doing without , finding the cash , and going through what could be the rather daunting business of arranging credit for that particular item .

All of us should know by now of the decision taken at the special church meeting on 13th May to go ahead with the purchase of the Camphill building .
all of us should know by now of the decision taken at the special church meeting on 13th may to go ahead with the [buy] of the camphill building .

Purchase direct from : Airtoys .
[buy] direct from : airtoys .

10.1 The Proprietor shall receive on publication six copies of all components of the Work and one copy of any revised or corrected impression all free of charge and shall be entitled to purchase at two-thirds of the United Kingdom published price any further copies of the Work required for the Proprietor 's personal use and not for resale .
10.1 the proprietor shall receive on publication six copies of all components of the work and one copy of any revised or corrected impression all free of charge and shall be entitled to [buy] at two-thirds of the united kingdom published price any further copies of the work required for the proprietor 's personal use and not for resale .

10.1 The Company shall receive on publication six copies of the printed Work and six copies of the video Work ( in the format and standard of the Company 's choice ) and one copy of any revised or corrected impression all free of charge and shall be entitled to purchase at two-thirds of the United Kingdom published price any further copies of the Work required for the Authors ' personal use and not for resale .
10.1 the company shall receive on publication six copies of the printed work and six copies of the video work ( in the format and standard of the company 's choice ) and one copy of any revised or corrected impression all free of charge and shall be entitled to [buy] at two-thirds of the united kingdom published price any further copies of the work required for the authors ' personal use and not for resale .

3 On receipt of this letter signed and endorsed by you , we will pay you a fee of — in outright purchase of the copyright in the script for use in the videos and accompanying print material for world non-broadcast use .
3 on receipt of this letter signed and endorsed by you , we will pay you a fee of — in outright [buy] of the copyright in the script for use in the videos and accompanying print material for world non-broadcast use .

If five hundred or five thousand copies of a book have been printed , we have a right to insist , among so many , on a high standard in the one we purchase .
if five hundred or five thousand copies of a book have been printed , we have a right to insist , among so many , on a high standard in the one we [buy] .

Indeed , the Duke of Northumberland was to purchase the Morning Post as a mouthpiece for Die-hard conservatism in 1924 .
indeed , the duke of northumberland was to [buy] the morning post as a mouthpiece for die-hard conservatism in 1924 .

In your recent coverage of Novell 's letter of intent to purchase Unix System Laboratories you 've really missed the mark .
in your recent coverage of novell 's letter of intent to [buy] unix system laboratories you 've really missed the mark .

Financially , the slave traders had rather more reason to take care of the people they were carrying than the transporters of convicts or of indentured labourers did ; all of these groups were being taken over as a speculative venture on which the shipper got no return unless he delivered live bodies , but the slave traders had already paid out cash to purchase their slaves .
financially , the slave traders had rather more reason to take care of the people they were carrying than the transporters of convicts or of indentured labourers did ; all of these groups were being taken over as a speculative venture on which the shipper got no return unless he delivered live bodies , but the slave traders had already paid out cash to [buy] their slaves .

Their purchase encouraged another courtier , of an unusual type , to ask for a grant of land .
their [buy] encouraged another courtier , of an unusual type , to ask for a grant of land .

Brecon Mountain took over the Rheidol in March 1989 following the purchase of the two-foot gauge line from British Rail .
brecon mountain took over the rheidol in march 1989 following the [buy] of the two-foot gauge line from british rail .

At present we have only one lubricator and we are trying to locate and purchase a large 12-feed unit .
at present we have only one lubricator and we are trying to locate and [buy] a large 12-feed unit .

Commercial Manager Richard Waterhouse and his father Rom , explained the long term aim , which is to purchase the remaining section of the former North Staffordshire Railway Churnet Valley line from Leekbrook Junction to Oakmoor Sand Sidings ( Hepworth Minerals Moneystone Quarry ) .
commercial manager richard waterhouse and his father rom , explained the long term aim , which is to [buy] the remaining section of the former north staffordshire railway churnet valley line from leekbrook junction to oakmoor sand sidings ( hepworth minerals moneystone quarry ) .

As she scraped her heels against the steps , trying for purchase , the alpha male jumped up on to her hip , then down between her legs .
as she scraped her heels against the steps , trying for [buy] , the alpha male jumped up on to her hip , then down between her legs .

There are exciting possibilities for the purchase of additional locomotives from abroad .
there are exciting possibilities for the [buy] of additional locomotives from abroad .

The Republican government was , of course , the legal government of Spain and as such entitled to expect to be able to purchase arms on the international market .
the republican government was , of course , the legal government of spain and as such entitled to expect to be able to [buy] arms on the international market .

Half-way up the handsome pine staircase that Catherine installed , a collection of locally bought antiques is displayed for guests to purchase .
half-way up the handsome pine staircase that catherine installed , a collection of locally bought antiques is displayed for guests to [buy] .

You can take a day trip to the Esk Valley , famous for its tweed and knitwear mills ( where you can purchase goods at mill prices ) and where you can enjoy the stunning countryside .
you can take a day trip to the esk valley , famous for its tweed and knitwear mills ( where you can [buy] goods at mill prices ) and where you can enjoy the stunning countryside .

Some councils refused under any circumstances whatever to purchase private services and would rather deny a disadvantaged person access to care than buy it privately .
some councils refused under any circumstances whatever to [buy] private services and would rather deny a disadvantaged person access to care than buy it privately .

If we take seriously the idea of valuing individuals as citizens , then instead of using bridging capital from the sale of hospital sites to purchase large houses and hostels outright , a means could perhaps be found of lending capital to individuals as an initial down-payment on a property or a share in a property .
if we take seriously the idea of valuing individuals as citizens , then instead of using bridging capital from the sale of hospital sites to [buy] large houses and hostels outright , a means could perhaps be found of lending capital to individuals as an initial down-payment on a property or a share in a property .

The procedures used to obtain quotations are similar to those outlined in Chapter 5 , relating to the purchase of materials .
the procedures used to obtain quotations are similar to those outlined in chapter 5 , relating to the [buy] of materials .

The builder engaged in development , however , is confronted with a similar , perhaps even greater , hurdle in the location , inspection , investigation and purchase of land suitable for residential development , which is fraught with difficulties and pitfalls .
the builder engaged in development , however , is confronted with a similar , perhaps even greater , hurdle in the location , inspection , investigation and [buy] of land suitable for residential development , which is fraught with difficulties and pitfalls .

The estate agent will retain a register of all builders and developers interested in land purchase , with full details of their requirements .
the estate agent will retain a register of all builders and developers interested in land [buy] , with full details of their requirements .

This is particularly the case where the speculator ’ sells on ’ options for each separate parcel of land forming the site and the developer is left to enter into formal contracts and legal completion for the purchase of the land in the usual way .
this is particularly the case where the speculator ’ sells on ’ options for each separate parcel of land forming the site and the developer is left to enter into formal contracts and legal completion for the [buy] of the land in the usual way .

Once an area is known it is also possible that , where houses with large gardens and potential for demolition and redevelopment are offered for sale , the developer may be able to effect a purchase .
once an area is known it is also possible that , where houses with large gardens and potential for demolition and redevelopment are offered for sale , the developer may be able to effect a [buy] .

It may prove necessary to purchase and demolish existing dwellings to provide suitable access .
it may prove necessary to [buy] and demolish existing dwellings to provide suitable access .

The developer , whether obtaining land from a passive or active approach , will be committed to undertake an extensive and detailed market research appraisal and investigation of the site before proceeding to purchase .
the developer , whether obtaining land from a passive or active approach , will be committed to undertake an extensive and detailed market research appraisal and investigation of the site before proceeding to [buy] .

The successful purchaser at the conclusion of the auction is required to sign the auction particulars and pay 10 % deposit of the purchase price .
the successful purchaser at the conclusion of the auction is required to sign the auction particulars and pay 10 % deposit of the [buy] price .

In normal circumstances , however , tenders are to the advantage of vendors and are the least satisfactory method of purchase from the purchaser 's point of view .
in normal circumstances , however , tenders are to the advantage of vendors and are the least satisfactory method of [buy] from the purchaser 's point of view .

An ’ option to purchase ’ is a device used by many developers to secure building land during the planning and problem-solving period .
an ’ option to [buy] ’ is a device used by many developers to secure building land during the planning and problem-solving period .

The advantage to the developer is that he is under no obligation to exercise the option and proceed with the purchase , whereas the landowner must sell the land to the developer if the terms of the option are met .
the advantage to the developer is that he is under no obligation to exercise the option and proceed with the [buy] , whereas the landowner must sell the land to the developer if the terms of the option are met .

Typically a landowner is offered a consideration of , say , £2000 per acre to grant an Option to purchase , which may be exercised within 12 months by the developer .
typically a landowner is offered a consideration of , say , £2000 per acre to grant an option to [buy] , which may be exercised within 12 months by the developer .

The developer could sell the option to a third party , or in fact exercise the Option and proceed with the purchase even though all the problems have not been solved .
the developer could sell the option to a third party , or in fact exercise the option and proceed with the [buy] even though all the problems have not been solved .

When the site investigation and market research have been completed , before making an offer to purchase the site it is essential to undertake a financial appraisal or feasibility study .
when the site investigation and market research have been completed , before making an offer to [buy] the site it is essential to undertake a financial appraisal or feasibility study .

The method of arriving at cost by applying the latest purchase price to the total number of units in stock is unacceptable in principle because it is not necessarily the same as actual cost and in times of rising prices , will result in the taking of a profit which has not been realised .
the method of arriving at cost by applying the latest [buy] price to the total number of units in stock is unacceptable in principle because it is not necessarily the same as actual cost and in times of rising prices , will result in the taking of a profit which has not been realised .

Cost of purchase comprises purchase price including import duties , transport and handling costs and any other directly attributable costs , less trade discounts , rebates and subsidies .
cost of [buy] comprises [buy] price including import duties , transport and handling costs and any other directly attributable costs , less trade discounts , rebates and subsidies .

( b ) To provide a separate invoice ( in duplicate ) for each purchase order .
( b ) to provide a separate invoice ( in duplicate ) for each [buy] order .

Following Mr Singh 's purchase of neighbouring land for a supermarket , it has come to my knowledge that , reluctantly , customer car parking facilities demand that he also purchase ‘ The Tip ’ for a car park .
following mr singh 's [buy] of neighbouring land for a supermarket , it has come to my knowledge that , reluctantly , customer car parking facilities demand that he also [buy] ‘ the tip ’ for a car park .

In almost every purchase one makes , from a butter substitute to a bathroom suite , there are two forms of competition .
in almost every [buy] one makes , from a butter substitute to a bathroom suite , there are two forms of competition .

An exclusive purchasing agreement obliges a retailer to purchase its supply of a particular good or set of goods solely from one manufacturer .
an exclusive purchasing agreement obliges a retailer to [buy] its supply of a particular good or set of goods solely from one manufacturer .

This entails such transactions as the settlement of business contracts , the purchase and sale of stocks and shares , house property and lands , and provision for beneficiaries under wills and other trust instruments .
this entails such transactions as the settlement of business contracts , the [buy] and sale of stocks and shares , house property and lands , and provision for beneficiaries under wills and other trust instruments .

Many of these posts carry fringe benefits such as a company car , pension scheme , free medical insurance , and assistance with house purchase .
many of these posts carry fringe benefits such as a company car , pension scheme , free medical insurance , and assistance with house [buy] .

Solicitors in local government take articled clerks , who are paid salaries , and local authorities are more generous than most private employers in giving paid study leave and assistance for the purchase of books .
solicitors in local government take articled clerks , who are paid salaries , and local authorities are more generous than most private employers in giving paid study leave and assistance for the [buy] of books .

The chief point at issue is not the competing merits of the models ; more fundamentally the controversial nature of the social class concept needs to be acknowledged and discussed by sociolinguists in order to give researchers some purchase on the important question of how language relates to social structure .
the chief point at issue is not the competing merits of the models ; more fundamentally the controversial nature of the social class concept needs to be acknowledged and discussed by sociolinguists in order to give researchers some [buy] on the important question of how language relates to social structure .

Bankers ' willingness to purchase ocean bills of lading and to rely on them as collateral provided much of the impetus for universalizing bill of lading practices until the 1960 's .
bankers ' willingness to [buy] ocean bills of lading and to rely on them as collateral provided much of the impetus for universalizing bill of lading practices until the 1960 's .

For example , a Belgian seller would agree with his Algerian buyer that payment of the purchase price would be due in Marseilles upon delivery , not of the goods , but of the bill of lading , an invoice that described the merchandise and listed its price , and an insurance policy that covered shipment risks .
for example , a belgian seller would agree with his algerian buyer that payment of the [buy] price would be due in marseilles upon delivery , not of the goods , but of the bill of lading , an invoice that described the merchandise and listed its price , and an insurance policy that covered shipment risks .

Hanging on to the cliff face by his nails , gaining small purchase on it .
hanging on to the cliff face by his nails , gaining small [buy] on it .

Earlier in the year fittingly , during Passover , the festival which celebrates the Israelites ' escape from Egypt and the beginning of the journey which eventually took them to the Promised Land — Rabbi Moishe announced with quiet satisfaction that their contributions had mounted up to a sum sufficient to buy three hundred dunams of land in Palestine , that the purchase was in the process of being arranged on their behalf by the Jewish National Fund , and that he himself would lead an advance party of settlers from Cork before the end of 1920 .
earlier in the year fittingly , during passover , the festival which celebrates the israelites ' escape from egypt and the beginning of the journey which eventually took them to the promised land — rabbi moishe announced with quiet satisfaction that their contributions had mounted up to a sum sufficient to buy three hundred dunams of land in palestine , that the [buy] was in the process of being arranged on their behalf by the jewish national fund , and that he himself would lead an advance party of settlers from cork before the end of 1920 .

Local authority loans for house purchase are more likely to be made to manual groups and they tend to concentrate on the purchase of older dwellings .
local authority loans for house [buy] are more likely to be made to manual groups and they tend to concentrate on the [buy] of older dwellings .

Earnings from work of manual and non-manual workers have become slightly less unequal though the same can not be claimed for the value of such fringe benefits as sick pay , retirement pensions , subsidies for cars , private schooling , house purchase , etc .
earnings from work of manual and non-manual workers have become slightly less unequal though the same can not be claimed for the value of such fringe benefits as sick pay , retirement pensions , subsidies for cars , private schooling , house [buy] , etc .

These are very large powers , every bit as large as powers of compulsory acquisition of property ; and , in my judgment , the court should seek to ensure that , just as in the case of compulsory purchase powers , the conditions for the exercise of the powers conferred by the 1975 Act are strictly observed .
these are very large powers , every bit as large as powers of compulsory acquisition of property ; and , in my judgment , the court should seek to ensure that , just as in the case of compulsory [buy] powers , the conditions for the exercise of the powers conferred by the 1975 act are strictly observed .

During the inter-war period , the courts showed little reluctance in overruling the decisions of Ministers and local authorities especially where , as in slum clearance and compulsory purchase cases , property rights were interfered with .
during the inter-war period , the courts showed little reluctance in overruling the decisions of ministers and local authorities especially where , as in slum clearance and compulsory [buy] cases , property rights were interfered with .

The highest point in this reluctance to intervene with governmental activities was reached in the mid-1950s when the House of Lords interpreted a statutory provision , which limited the courts ' jurisdiction to review a compulsory purchase order on land , so broadly that even fraud by public servants was held not to entitle the owner to bring an action .
the highest point in this reluctance to intervene with governmental activities was reached in the mid-1950s when the house of lords interpreted a statutory provision , which limited the courts ' jurisdiction to review a compulsory [buy] order on land , so broadly that even fraud by public servants was held not to entitle the owner to bring an action .

Multiply those beans by the fruits and vegetables that we now expect to find on supermarket shelves twelve months of the year at affordable ( cheap ) prices , and the dilemma of a million malnourished and impoverished producers of luxury foods is reflected in every casual purchase .
multiply those beans by the fruits and vegetables that we now expect to find on supermarket shelves twelve months of the year at affordable ( cheap ) prices , and the dilemma of a million malnourished and impoverished producers of luxury foods is reflected in every casual [buy] .

The contemporary romance novel is a self-perpetuating genre , both textually and in its modes of marketing , offering in its texts a perpetually unfulfilled ‘ Desire ’ that can only be answered through the purchase of a new volume .
the contemporary romance novel is a self-perpetuating genre , both textually and in its modes of marketing , offering in its texts a perpetually unfulfilled ‘ desire ’ that can only be answered through the [buy] of a new volume .

Hire purchase was also available for new commodities such as bicycles .
hire [buy] was also available for new commodities such as bicycles .

Here is found the cities ' oldest remaining housing stock built to accommodate low-paid workers in adjacent factories and menial city-centre jobs and generally receiving very little maintenance as the owners await the transition of the land to a higher-value use like shops or offices or the threat of compulsory purchase for the construction of new relief roads or other types of public-sector development .
here is found the cities ' oldest remaining housing stock built to accommodate low-paid workers in adjacent factories and menial city-centre jobs and generally receiving very little maintenance as the owners await the transition of the land to a higher-value use like shops or offices or the threat of compulsory [buy] for the construction of new relief roads or other types of public-sector development .

The intermediary invests in the purchase of a work for the purpose of profit ; it is now his relations with the market which are direct .
the intermediary invests in the [buy] of a work for the purpose of profit ; it is now his relations with the market which are direct .

The phase is typically characterized by the outright purchase of the works in question .
the phase is typically characterized by the outright [buy] of the works in question .

The terms of this participation have been endlessly argued about , and the increasing practice of the advance on royalties has to some extent modified it , in restoring an element of purchase .
the terms of this participation have been endlessly argued about , and the increasing practice of the advance on royalties has to some extent modified it , in restoring an element of [buy] .

Every cub reporter in Fleet Street knew that a Sunday newspaper possessed a letter from Profumo to Miss Keeler , probably acquired by simple purchase , which was a sword of Damocles waiting to descend .
every cub reporter in fleet street knew that a sunday newspaper possessed a letter from profumo to miss keeler , probably acquired by simple [buy] , which was a sword of damocles waiting to descend .

Mrs Castle , as it turned out , had opposed this allowance , again on the characteristically doctrinaire grounds that an allowance which made it necessary for the disabled to purchase motor cars would place them at the mercy of the commercial interests of motor manufacturers .
mrs castle , as it turned out , had opposed this allowance , again on the characteristically doctrinaire grounds that an allowance which made it necessary for the disabled to [buy] motor cars would place them at the mercy of the commercial interests of motor manufacturers .

It was as if , Lily thought , someone had praised , wondered at , a costly purchase .
it was as if , lily thought , someone had praised , wondered at , a costly [buy] .

Where very large units have been created by either purchase or amalgamation the ‘ personal touch ’ , to which many farmers ascribe the absence of industrial relations problems in British agriculture , may in any case be inoperable .
where very large units have been created by either [buy] or amalgamation the ‘ personal touch ’ , to which many farmers ascribe the absence of industrial relations problems in british agriculture , may in any case be inoperable .

Elsewhere , particularly in the remoter upland areas , the issue which has aroused most controversy has been the purchase of second homes as weekend or holiday retreats .
elsewhere , particularly in the remoter upland areas , the issue which has aroused most controversy has been the [buy] of second homes as weekend or holiday retreats .

The Lake District , for example , has been particularly affected by the purchase of holiday retreats .
the lake district , for example , has been particularly affected by the [buy] of holiday retreats .

The few localized investigations of the problem that have been carried out have shown that second home owners do not make an entirely negative contribution to the areas in which they purchase their property .
the few localized investigations of the problem that have been carried out have shown that second home owners do not make an entirely negative contribution to the areas in which they [buy] their property .

The result is that once those who are unable to purchase have negotiated their way through the labyrinthine and highly variable eligibility rules to achieve a place on a council housing waiting list , they join a queue which is growing at a faster rate than addition to the council housing stock and which in some cases even exceeds the total number of families housed by the district council .
the result is that once those who are unable to [buy] have negotiated their way through the labyrinthine and highly variable eligibility rules to achieve a place on a council housing waiting list , they join a queue which is growing at a faster rate than addition to the council housing stock and which in some cases even exceeds the total number of families housed by the district council .

This has been a cause of intense resentment in some rural areas which has rebounded on those newcomers who have been able to afford to purchase their homes at prices beyond the reach of the locals .
this has been a cause of intense resentment in some rural areas which has rebounded on those newcomers who have been able to afford to [buy] their homes at prices beyond the reach of the locals .

Apart from basic necessities , any other purchase was clearly now an extravagance for Clare .
apart from basic necessities , any other [buy] was clearly now an extravagance for clare .

Mike 's agreed commission was two per cent of the purchase price of any property that Miranda acquired , either directly or indirectly , through him .
mike 's agreed commission was two per cent of the [buy] price of any property that miranda acquired , either directly or indirectly , through him .

As well as making claims about the efficiency of markets , the theory denies the existence of producer power , at the same time drawing a reassuring analogy with democratic control in the political sphere : corporate behaviour is no more than a reflection of the popular will , expressed not through the ballot box , but via individual purchase decisions .
as well as making claims about the efficiency of markets , the theory denies the existence of producer power , at the same time drawing a reassuring analogy with democratic control in the political sphere : corporate behaviour is no more than a reflection of the popular will , expressed not through the ballot box , but via individual [buy] decisions .

He struggles , turning round as he sinks deeper , chunks and edges of ice rearing into the air and making little puffs and fountains of snow as he tries to find purchase and push himself out .
he struggles , turning round as he sinks deeper , chunks and edges of ice rearing into the air and making little puffs and fountains of snow as he tries to find [buy] and push himself out .

Pipe organs are usually individually designed , but it is quite common to purchase at lesser cost one of the standard models offered by many organ builders .
pipe organs are usually individually designed , but it is quite common to [buy] at lesser cost one of the standard models offered by many organ builders .

Also to be commended is the example of those churches which purchase orchestral instruments for members of their music groups .
also to be commended is the example of those churches which [buy] orchestral instruments for members of their music groups .

The more common remedies are no less fanciful and voluntarist , from exhumation of the Schumpeterian entrepreneur to proposals for corporate cultural revivalism ( see Ray , 1986 ) and an evangelical faith in the explanatory purchase of ‘ economic culture ’ in its post-Confucian mode , an explanation to which can be attributed both the ‘ decline of the West ’ and the rise of East Asia .
the more common remedies are no less fanciful and voluntarist , from exhumation of the schumpeterian entrepreneur to proposals for corporate cultural revivalism ( see ray , 1986 ) and an evangelical faith in the explanatory [buy] of ‘ economic culture ’ in its post-confucian mode , an explanation to which can be attributed both the ‘ decline of the west ’ and the rise of east asia .

Common sense tells us that this requires some form of trading activity , and although this will cover such things as the purchase of raw materials , capital equipment , etc .
common sense tells us that this requires some form of trading activity , and although this will cover such things as the [buy] of raw materials , capital equipment , etc .

the sale or purchase of goods , being goods either usually employed by the firm for its own business , or in which the firm deals , or goods belonging to the firm ;
the sale or [buy] of goods , being goods either usually employed by the firm for its own business , or in which the firm deals , or goods belonging to the firm ;

However , by virtue of s. 89 of the Companies Act 1985 both private and public companies which wish to allocate shares for cash must offer these shares for purchase by existing members before offering them outside the company .
however , by virtue of s. 89 of the companies act 1985 both private and public companies which wish to allocate shares for cash must offer these shares for [buy] by existing members before offering them outside the company .

The memorandum of association of the Ashbury Railway Company stated the company 's objects to be : ‘ to make or sell or lend on hire railway carriages , wagons and all kinds of railway plant , fittings , machinery and rolling stock ; to carry on the business of mechanical engineers and general contractors , to purchase and sell as merchants timber , coal , metal and other materials , and to buy and sell such materials on commission or as agents ’ .
the memorandum of association of the ashbury railway company stated the company 's objects to be : ‘ to make or sell or lend on hire railway carriages , wagons and all kinds of railway plant , fittings , machinery and rolling stock ; to carry on the business of mechanical engineers and general contractors , to [buy] and sell as merchants timber , coal , metal and other materials , and to buy and sell such materials on commission or as agents ’ .

share ( share capital , share certificates , lien on shares , calls on shares and forfeiture , transfer of shares , alteration of share capital , purchase by company of its own shares ) ;
share ( share capital , share certificates , lien on shares , calls on shares and forfeiture , transfer of shares , alteration of share capital , [buy] by company of its own shares ) ;

no steps may be taken to enforce any security over the company 's property , or to repossess goods in the company 's possession under any hire purchase agreement ( defined widely and including conditional sale agreements , chattel leasing and retention of title agreements ) , except with the leave of the court and subject to such terms as the court may impose ;
no steps may be taken to enforce any security over the company 's property , or to repossess goods in the company 's possession under any hire [buy] agreement ( defined widely and including conditional sale agreements , chattel leasing and retention of title agreements ) , except with the leave of the court and subject to such terms as the court may impose ;

no other step may be taken to enforce any security over the company 's property or to repossess goods in the company 's possession under any hire purchase agreement , except with the consent of the administrator or the leave of the court and subject ( where the court gives leave ) to such terms as the court may impose ;
no other step may be taken to enforce any security over the company 's property or to repossess goods in the company 's possession under any hire [buy] agreement , except with the consent of the administrator or the leave of the court and subject ( where the court gives leave ) to such terms as the court may impose ;

terms which put the agreement into effect , including sales targets , the purchase of supplies from the franchisor , quality control , training and franchise support , and management and advisory services .
terms which put the agreement into effect , including sales targets , the [buy] of supplies from the franchisor , quality control , training and franchise support , and management and advisory services .

Public bodies may apply for a compulsory purchase order in respect of certain property .
public bodies may apply for a compulsory [buy] order in respect of certain property .

Any such artefact may seek either to proclaim or to hide the material used and the constraints the material has imposed upon the technological process : a mask may be thought to incorporate the spiritual properties of the wood from which it is taken ; a group of people may refuse to purchase an item known to be of seal skin ; a plastic may seek to copy a more traditional material ; the gold from which an object is made may have far greater significance than the actual form into which it has been hammered .
any such artefact may seek either to proclaim or to hide the material used and the constraints the material has imposed upon the technological process : a mask may be thought to incorporate the spiritual properties of the wood from which it is taken ; a group of people may refuse to [buy] an item known to be of seal skin ; a plastic may seek to copy a more traditional material ; the gold from which an object is made may have far greater significance than the actual form into which it has been hammered .

In practice , when making a purchase , it is very rare for us to note whether an object is made by a cooperative or a private factory , or in East or West Germany , and extraordinarily this division appears hardly , if at all , within the major symbolic dimensions of the contemporary world of commodities .
in practice , when making a [buy] , it is very rare for us to note whether an object is made by a cooperative or a private factory , or in east or west germany , and extraordinarily this division appears hardly , if at all , within the major symbolic dimensions of the contemporary world of commodities .

The matching colour scheme is extended to all commodities , so that a given company may prefer to purchase machine tools manufactured by a firm with a reputation for design in microchips , attracted by that firm 's modern hi-tech image rather than its reputation for efficiency ( Fry 1982 ) .
the matching colour scheme is extended to all commodities , so that a given company may prefer to [buy] machine tools manufactured by a firm with a reputation for design in microchips , attracted by that firm 's modern hi-tech image rather than its reputation for efficiency ( fry 1982 ) .

These may in turn be sub-divided ; goods possessed may comprise either the results of private purchase or goods allocated by the state , while goods not possessed tend to fall into two categories : first , those we encounter as material forms , in particular the built environment , the goods of our acquaintances or those in the high street shop , and secondly , goods we do not experience directly , but which appear to us through the media — for example in television , magazines and advertising .
these may in turn be sub-divided ; goods possessed may comprise either the results of private [buy] or goods allocated by the state , while goods not possessed tend to fall into two categories : first , those we encounter as material forms , in particular the built environment , the goods of our acquaintances or those in the high street shop , and secondly , goods we do not experience directly , but which appear to us through the media — for example in television , magazines and advertising .

It is indicative of the lack of serious analysis of the artefact , however , that even for such a politically sensitive issue as the division between private purchase and state allocation , the implications for the subsequent relationship people have with those goods are quite unknown ( with the possible exception of housing ) .
it is indicative of the lack of serious analysis of the artefact , however , that even for such a politically sensitive issue as the division between private [buy] and state allocation , the implications for the subsequent relationship people have with those goods are quite unknown ( with the possible exception of housing ) .

Under these altered conditions , emulation is increasingly significant as a strategy by means of which people lower in a given social hierarchy attempt to realize their aspirations towards higher status by modifying their behaviour , their dress and the kind of goods they purchase , since it now becomes possible to mistake a poor nobleman for a wealthy trader .
under these altered conditions , emulation is increasingly significant as a strategy by means of which people lower in a given social hierarchy attempt to realize their aspirations towards higher status by modifying their behaviour , their dress and the kind of goods they [buy] , since it now becomes possible to mistake a poor nobleman for a wealthy trader .

Britain could only obtain these goods by intervening in an already well-established trading pattern , taking much-desired cotton cloth from South Asia and using this to purchase spices from the East Indies .
britain could only obtain these goods by intervening in an already well-established trading pattern , taking much-desired cotton cloth from south asia and using this to [buy] spices from the east indies .

It is a consideration that can be limited to the purchase cost of each vehicle together with its pattern of operating costs ( see Cooke and Glynn , 1981 ) .
it is a consideration that can be limited to the [buy] cost of each vehicle together with its pattern of operating costs ( see cooke and glynn , 1981 ) .

The other was equally mundane : how the airlines could finance the purchase of such an expensive plane .
the other was equally mundane : how the airlines could finance the [buy] of such an expensive plane .

Great wealth can no longer disguise an absence of true values : the mirrors in Mr Dombey 's ice-palace reflect the chilling image of a marriage based on purchase ; the roses on his wallpaper and carpets are set about with thorns .
great wealth can no longer disguise an absence of true values : the mirrors in mr dombey 's ice-palace reflect the chilling image of a marriage based on [buy] ; the roses on his wallpaper and carpets are set about with thorns .

In Lawrence 's Women in Love , completed in 1916 , Birkin contemplates the purchase of a ‘ clear , beautiful chair ’ which expresses for him the living thoughts of ‘ England , even Jane Austen 's England ’ , before these were destroyed by ‘ sordid and foul mechanicalness ’ .
in lawrence 's women in love , completed in 1916 , birkin contemplates the [buy] of a ‘ clear , beautiful chair ’ which expresses for him the living thoughts of ‘ england , even jane austen 's england ’ , before these were destroyed by ‘ sordid and foul mechanicalness ’ .

Like Jane Austen , he is also well aware of the social divide that had been created by such villages , for he observes that ‘ the possessors of extensive parks abhorred the appearance of a human habitation , however humble or however distant ; and the first object of a new settler , of the rank of a gentleman , was , generally , to purchase everything around him ; and to seclude himself in a sort of artificial forest , for his own exclusive enjoyment and that of his friends ’ .
like jane austen , he is also well aware of the social divide that had been created by such villages , for he observes that ‘ the possessors of extensive parks abhorred the appearance of a human habitation , however humble or however distant ; and the first object of a new settler , of the rank of a gentleman , was , generally , to [buy] everything around him ; and to seclude himself in a sort of artificial forest , for his own exclusive enjoyment and that of his friends ’ .

Cobbett can himself recall the days when labourers ate bread and meat , not potatoes ; when they drank their home-brewed beer by their own fireside ; when young people could purchase decent furniture for a house when they married , without appealing to the parish for a miserable nest .
cobbett can himself recall the days when labourers ate bread and meat , not potatoes ; when they drank their home-brewed beer by their own fireside ; when young people could [buy] decent furniture for a house when they married , without appealing to the parish for a miserable nest .

Penury , moral as well as physical , is signified in the Barton household when money is wanting to purchase the soap and brushes , black-lead and pipe-clay which had given the houseplace its cheerful look in more prosperous days .
penury , moral as well as physical , is signified in the barton household when money is wanting to [buy] the soap and brushes , black-lead and pipe-clay which had given the houseplace its cheerful look in more prosperous days .

This inevitably reduces their strategic purchase on racist practices .
this inevitably reduces their strategic [buy] on racist practices .

Dr Peter Mann , Reader in Sociology in the University of Sheffield , conducted a survey among undergraduates on the use of book lists , libraries and bookshops , and on how much was spent on the purchase of books .
dr peter mann , reader in sociology in the university of sheffield , conducted a survey among undergraduates on the use of book lists , libraries and bookshops , and on how much was spent on the [buy] of books .

Purchase of books must be followed by careful reading and marking .
[buy] of books must be followed by careful reading and marking .

Cost is calculated as follows : Raw materials — cost of purchase on first in , first out basis Work in progress — cost of raw materials and labour together with and finished goods attributable overheads .
cost is calculated as follows : raw materials — cost of [buy] on first in , first out basis work in progress — cost of raw materials and labour together with and finished goods attributable overheads .

The net book value of tangible fixed assets includes an amount of £720,280 ( 1990 — £771,815 ) in respect of assets held under finance leases and hire purchase contracts .
the net book value of tangible fixed assets includes an amount of £720,280 ( 1990 — £771,815 ) in respect of assets held under finance leases and hire [buy] contracts .

( c ) Obligations under finance leases and hire purchase contracts are due as follows :
( c ) obligations under finance leases and hire [buy] contracts are due as follows :

Cost is based on the cost of purchase on a first in , first out basis .
cost is based on the cost of [buy] on a first in , first out basis .

( c ) Purchase of property from Mr Johnson for £25,000 .
( c ) [buy] of property from mr johnson for £25,000 .

Cost is based on the cost of purchase on a first in , first out basis .
cost is based on the cost of [buy] on a first in , first out basis .

Instinctively we know which foods are expensive , and which are cheap , and purchase foods using this knowledge .
instinctively we know which foods are expensive , and which are cheap , and [buy] foods using this knowledge .

Jacques Devraux and his son were waiting beside a baggage truck that was already loaded with the rest of their hunting equipment , and leaving their sons to stand watch , the two men disappeared into the shadowy interior of the market to haggle over a purchase of several hundred pounds of salt and arsenical soap that would be used for drying and preserving the hides of animals they hoped to shoot .
jacques devraux and his son were waiting beside a baggage truck that was already loaded with the rest of their hunting equipment , and leaving their sons to stand watch , the two men disappeared into the shadowy interior of the market to haggle over a [buy] of several hundred pounds of salt and arsenical soap that would be used for drying and preserving the hides of animals they hoped to shoot .

You can often re-sell books and cut the original cost of purchase .
you can often re-sell books and cut the original cost of [buy] .

Not only can the more elongated whelks withdraw further into their shells , sometimes disappearing completely from view , but also the narrow aperture prevents a crab from obtaining a satisfactory purchase on the lip with its chela ( Vermeij , 1974 ; Hughes and Elner , 1979 ) .
not only can the more elongated whelks withdraw further into their shells , sometimes disappearing completely from view , but also the narrow aperture prevents a crab from obtaining a satisfactory [buy] on the lip with its chela ( vermeij , 1974 ; hughes and elner , 1979 ) .

It had been bored or dug or had occurred naturally at an incline of about thirty degrees , so that all the way down into the mine , holding onto the rope , they had had purchase for their feet , had almost been able to walk don , though describing it thus made a dull and orthodox act of what had been the great adventure of their boyhood .
it had been bored or dug or had occurred naturally at an incline of about thirty degrees , so that all the way down into the mine , holding onto the rope , they had had [buy] for their feet , had almost been able to walk don , though describing it thus made a dull and orthodox act of what had been the great adventure of their boyhood .

You will probably purchase these fish at under 10cm and at this size they are really still only fry , but with a potential to reach up to 50cm .
you will probably [buy] these fish at under 10cm and at this size they are really still only fry , but with a potential to reach up to 50cm .

This same technique can be used by a snail floating upside-down at the surface ; the foot gains sufficient purchase on the surface film to make steady progress .
this same technique can be used by a snail floating upside-down at the surface ; the foot gains sufficient [buy] on the surface film to make steady progress .

Is the purchase practical ?
is the [buy] practical ?

Do not purchase the ingredients separately and mix them yourself , but buy the following strengths .
do not [buy] the ingredients separately and mix them yourself , but buy the following strengths .

Some taxes , indirect taxes , are not paid directly out of income , but are paid by consumers as part of the purchase price of goods .
some taxes , indirect taxes , are not paid directly out of income , but are paid by consumers as part of the [buy] price of goods .

The available evidence suggests that , in terms of both the purchase of services and material inputs , indigenous firms are likely to have the higher level of local linkages ( Lever 1974 ; Marshall 1979 ; Watts 1981 ) .
the available evidence suggests that , in terms of both the [buy] of services and material inputs , indigenous firms are likely to have the higher level of local linkages ( lever 1974 ; marshall 1979 ; watts 1981 ) .

First , there is a small , but in some areas important , group who see the countryside as a locale for recreation and therefore may sometimes purchase rural second homes .
first , there is a small , but in some areas important , group who see the countryside as a locale for recreation and therefore may sometimes [buy] rural second homes .

New powers to purchase and to enforce improvements were given and grants of up to 75 per cent ( 90 per cent in hardship cases ) became available .
new powers to [buy] and to enforce improvements were given and grants of up to 75 per cent ( 90 per cent in hardship cases ) became available .

Even if all rural houses are not prohibitively priced , they can be expensive relative to the income levels of local inhabitants , and this can be the key factor that determines whether an individual family can afford to purchase a home .
even if all rural houses are not prohibitively priced , they can be expensive relative to the income levels of local inhabitants , and this can be the key factor that determines whether an individual family can afford to [buy] a home .

Although it welcomed the extension of home ownership , it also recognized the problems of families who could not or would not take on the responsibility of home purchase ( Department of the Environment 1977b ) .
although it welcomed the extension of home ownership , it also recognized the problems of families who could not or would not take on the responsibility of home [buy] ( department of the environment 1977b ) .

Whereas ministerial consent was previously required , now certain ‘ secure tenants ’ have the right to buy their houses ( flats , initially excluded from purchase but available for long lease , were later included ) .
whereas ministerial consent was previously required , now certain ‘ secure tenants ’ have the right to buy their houses ( flats , initially excluded from [buy] but available for long lease , were later included ) .

In national parks or Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty ( AONBs ) , or in areas designated by the Secretary of State as ‘ rural ’ , the sale contains a covenant limiting the freedom of the purchasing tenant and his successors to resell the dwelling ; houses can be resold only to ‘ locals ’ who fulfil certain criteria , such as living or working in the designated rural area for the previous three years ; or , for ten years after the original purchase , the tenant has first to offer to resell to the council ( Liell 1981 ) .
in national parks or areas of outstanding natural beauty ( aonbs ) , or in areas designated by the secretary of state as ‘ rural ’ , the sale contains a covenant limiting the freedom of the purchasing tenant and his successors to resell the dwelling ; houses can be resold only to ‘ locals ’ who fulfil certain criteria , such as living or working in the designated rural area for the previous three years ; or , for ten years after the original [buy] , the tenant has first to offer to resell to the council ( liell 1981 ) .

More recently , Exmoor National Park has decided on a more active policy of land purchase as the only sure way of conserving existing agricultural landscapes .
more recently , exmoor national park has decided on a more active policy of land [buy] as the only sure way of conserving existing agricultural landscapes .

How can socialists develop their arguments and strategies to gain the maximum purchase over the reality of contemporary capitalist property relations ?
how can socialists develop their arguments and strategies to gain the maximum [buy] over the reality of contemporary capitalist property relations ?

‘ that the master manufacturer , by dividing the work to be executed into different processes , each requiring different degrees of skill or of force , can purchase exactly that precise quantity of both which is necessary for each process ; whereas , if the work were executed by one workman , that person must possess sufficient skill to perform the most difficult , and sufficient strength to execute the most laborious , of the operations into which the art is divided ’ . In commentary on this principle Braverman claims that it is
‘ that the master manufacturer , by dividing the work to be executed into different processes , each requiring different degrees of skill or of force , can [buy] exactly that precise quantity of both which is necessary for each process ; whereas , if the work were executed by one workman , that person must possess sufficient skill to perform the most difficult , and sufficient strength to execute the most laborious , of the operations into which the art is divided ’ . in commentary on this principle braverman claims that it is

For the work of Sherman this show may only confirm the suspicions already held by many that , with the kind of success she now enjoys after the Saatchi purchase of her notorious nude self-portrait , her intention is less than subversive and takes shrewd advantage of the fruits of sensationalism Saddest of all however is that , within the context of this show , the nightmarish images of her latest offerings succeed better at making the female viewer feel the full impact of the implied degradation .
for the work of sherman this show may only confirm the suspicions already held by many that , with the kind of success she now enjoys after the saatchi [buy] of her notorious nude self-portrait , her intention is less than subversive and takes shrewd advantage of the fruits of sensationalism saddest of all however is that , within the context of this show , the nightmarish images of her latest offerings succeed better at making the female viewer feel the full impact of the implied degradation .

The purchase of ships from the Russians was kept from the Minister of Marine : when he insisted on the examination of the ships he was dismissed .
the [buy] of ships from the russians was kept from the minister of marine : when he insisted on the examination of the ships he was dismissed .

The wasteful use of the bathrooms , for instance , can turn a summer holiday into a time of intense anxiety and the purchase of water by the lorry load may strain the budget of even the best-heeled family .
the wasteful use of the bathrooms , for instance , can turn a summer holiday into a time of intense anxiety and the [buy] of water by the lorry load may strain the budget of even the best-heeled family .

… The purchase of water by the lorry load may strain the budget of even the best-heeled family .
… the [buy] of water by the lorry load may strain the budget of even the best-heeled family .

Decisions in regard to the purchase of jewellery are still not determined only by aesthetics , emulation , tax avoidance or continuing inflation .
decisions in regard to the [buy] of jewellery are still not determined only by aesthetics , emulation , tax avoidance or continuing inflation .

The resources of the Peasant Bank were expanded , making funds available for peasants to purchase land from the nobility .
the resources of the peasant bank were expanded , making funds available for peasants to [buy] land from the nobility .

When you support a football team , misery is the only currency that can purchase real ecstasy
when you support a football team , misery is the only currency that can [buy] real ecstasy

With this money and large credit the Reichmanns embarked on the purchase of several major resource companies .
with this money and large credit the reichmanns embarked on the [buy] of several major resource companies .

Between the eleventh and fourteenth centuries the republic of Ragusa was able , by treaties with its neighbours and by purchase , to extend its territorial base .
between the eleventh and fourteenth centuries the republic of ragusa was able , by treaties with its neighbours and by [buy] , to extend its territorial base .

The fingers clenched jerkily as the arms flailed at the sides of the grave , tossing dirt aside in an attempt to gain a purchase on the soft earth .
the fingers clenched jerkily as the arms flailed at the sides of the grave , tossing dirt aside in an attempt to gain a [buy] on the soft earth .

He ducked his head and butted Orcadai under the chin , his hands grasping for purchase .
he ducked his head and butted orcadai under the chin , his hands grasping for [buy] .

Her criterion for any purchase was that it was the only example of its kind .
her criterion for any [buy] was that it was the only example of its kind .

This will generate lower transactions costs than arbitrage as it requires only one sale of shares and one purchase of futures — assuming that the investor would have closed out his or her long position in shares at the delivery date anyway , or is content to roll over the long futures position until they would otherwise have sold their share portfolio .
this will generate lower transactions costs than arbitrage as it requires only one sale of shares and one [buy] of futures — assuming that the investor would have closed out his or her long position in shares at the delivery date anyway , or is content to roll over the long futures position until they would otherwise have sold their share portfolio .

Therefore , arbitrage can lead to the sale or purchase of very large blocks of shares , irrespective of the price , in the few minutes when the delivery price is determined .
therefore , arbitrage can lead to the sale or [buy] of very large blocks of shares , irrespective of the price , in the few minutes when the delivery price is determined .

Spread trading involves the simultaneous purchase of one future and the sale of another .
spread trading involves the simultaneous [buy] of one future and the sale of another .

APPs are mostly money purchase schemes , that is , they do not have a guaranteed final pension , unlike most occupational pension schemes , nor are they index-linked up to retirement age , unlike SERPs .
apps are mostly money [buy] schemes , that is , they do not have a guaranteed final pension , unlike most occupational pension schemes , nor are they index-linked up to retirement age , unlike serps .

Linked to the mobility allowance is a voluntary organization called Motability , which helps disabled people make the best use of their allowance to acquire a private car by leasing on hire purchase .
linked to the mobility allowance is a voluntary organization called motability , which helps disabled people make the best use of their allowance to acquire a private car by leasing on hire [buy] .

At an average expenditure of $ 17 per head , the budget of the Ministry of Health is scarcely sufficient to pay the salaries , let alone to purchase any new equipment .
at an average expenditure of $ 17 per head , the budget of the ministry of health is scarcely sufficient to pay the salaries , let alone to [buy] any new equipment .

Other strategies to ‘ save ’ money included joining clubs to purchase essentials which they could not afford to pay for in a lump sum , although being aware of the extra costs of the high interest on such purchases ; having slot meters installed to control electricity consumption ; and delaying lighting the fire until later in the day to conserve coal :
other strategies to ‘ save ’ money included joining clubs to [buy] essentials which they could not afford to pay for in a lump sum , although being aware of the extra costs of the high interest on such purchases ; having slot meters installed to control electricity consumption ; and delaying lighting the fire until later in the day to conserve coal :

For women , money purchase schemes are problematic in that early contributions are likely to promote the best returns , yet younger women typically leave the labour force for several years and/or work part-time on motherhood .
for women , money [buy] schemes are problematic in that early contributions are likely to promote the best returns , yet younger women typically leave the labour force for several years and/or work part-time on motherhood .

Ruth McCurry , who has been responsible for Mowbray 's development since its purchase by Cassell in 1988 , continues as publisher with responsibility for Geoffrey Chapman .
ruth mccurry , who has been responsible for mowbray 's development since its [buy] by cassell in 1988 , continues as publisher with responsibility for geoffrey chapman .

Even where books were appropriate and the student keen , a lack of funds could often limit purchase .
even where books were appropriate and the student keen , a lack of funds could often limit [buy] .

Any purchase of goods involves a contract .
any [buy] of goods involves a contract .

The rich tend to buy the services of doctors and the poor purchase mostly unprescribed medicines from pharmacists .
the rich tend to buy the services of doctors and the poor [buy] mostly unprescribed medicines from pharmacists .

Budgets for prostheses have been used for years to limit elective orthopaedic activity because blocking the purchase of further implants stops joint replacement surgery , the ‘ bread and butter ’ of current elective orthopaedic practice .
budgets for prostheses have been used for years to limit elective orthopaedic activity because blocking the [buy] of further implants stops joint replacement surgery , the ‘ bread and butter ’ of current elective orthopaedic practice .

They leased them to the spa innkeepers , who eventually became rich enough to purchase them .
they leased them to the spa innkeepers , who eventually became rich enough to [buy] them .

1798 Repairing Duich Bridge . " recommend earnestly to them to purchase Timber , that may answer the purpose , from the wreck of the Brig stranded on Duich Bay , if she is to be broken up … "
1798 repairing duich bridge . " recommend earnestly to them to [buy] timber , that may answer the purpose , from the wreck of the brig stranded on duich bay , if she is to be broken up … "

" This Meeting having considered an overture of the Kirk Session of Bowmore … respecting the procuring of Mortcloths for the better and ordinary Classes of people … do hereby agree to Guarrantee to the said Kirk Session , that whatever sum shall be laid out in the purchase of the said Mortcloths , the Princl. sum and interest shall be reapid to the Session , before they are rendered unfit for use … The Kirk Treasurer was told to charge " for the best 5/- each time it is used , and at the rate of 2/- each time for the Coarser one . "
" this meeting having considered an overture of the kirk session of bowmore … respecting the procuring of mortcloths for the better and ordinary classes of people … do hereby agree to guarrantee to the said kirk session , that whatever sum shall be laid out in the [buy] of the said mortcloths , the princl. sum and interest shall be reapid to the session , before they are rendered unfit for use … the kirk treasurer was told to charge " for the best 5/- each time it is used , and at the rate of 2/- each time for the coarser one . "

In 1860 £2–10–0 was voted for the purchase of Gaelic books ; the catalogue of 1865 contained 25 titles .
in 1860 £2–10–0 was voted for the [buy] of gaelic books ; the catalogue of 1865 contained 25 titles .

Mr. James Cowan offered to present the Society with fifty parts of Cassells National Library , suggested that the Members would subscribe a sum that would purchase a similar number … `` The Revd .
mr. james cowan offered to present the society with fifty parts of cassells national library , suggested that the members would subscribe a sum that would [buy] a similar number … `` the revd .

16–8- It was agreed to purchase from Paterson & Sons a second hand Harmonium at £20 .
16–8- it was agreed to [buy] from paterson & sons a second hand harmonium at £20 .

The authorities did seek reserve powers by making all land subject to compulsory purchase , although they intended to leave most of it in the developers ' hands .
the authorities did seek reserve powers by making all land subject to compulsory [buy] , although they intended to leave most of it in the developers ' hands .

At the same time , there was relatively little housing available for purchase within inner-city areas , especially as the desirable parts of the central areas of cities were generally ‘ redeveloped ’ for offices .
at the same time , there was relatively little housing available for [buy] within inner-city areas , especially as the desirable parts of the central areas of cities were generally ‘ redeveloped ’ for offices .

This , in turn , encouraged multi-occupation as immigrant landlords sought to get some return from the purchase of these decaying properties .
this , in turn , encouraged multi-occupation as immigrant landlords sought to get some return from the [buy] of these decaying properties .

One example from a multitude of possible examples is the compulsory purchase order enquiry .
one example from a multitude of possible examples is the compulsory [buy] order enquiry .

Local authorities have for many years enjoyed a power to purchase land compulsorily in order to carry out their statutory functions relating to highways or general development .
local authorities have for many years enjoyed a power to [buy] land compulsorily in order to carry out their statutory functions relating to highways or general development .

If agreement to purchase land needed for particular projects can not be secured and a compulsory purchase order is made , persons affected may object .
if agreement to [buy] land needed for particular projects can not be secured and a compulsory [buy] order is made , persons affected may object .

Following the hearing and site visit , the inspector will prepare a report for the minister , who will then decide whether to affirm the compulsory purchase order which he may do with or without variations , or whether to decline to make the order .
following the hearing and site visit , the inspector will prepare a report for the minister , who will then decide whether to affirm the compulsory [buy] order which he may do with or without variations , or whether to decline to make the order .

Whereas the compulsory purchase order enquiry is fairly passive , relying on party initiative to inform the minister , the investigative enquiry is more active in that it seeks out information .
whereas the compulsory [buy] order enquiry is fairly passive , relying on party initiative to inform the minister , the investigative enquiry is more active in that it seeks out information .

The working of such administrative procedures as include the holding of an inquiry or hearing by or on behalf of a minister on an appeal or as a result of objections or representations , and in particular the procedure for the compulsory purchase of land .
the working of such administrative procedures as include the holding of an inquiry or hearing by or on behalf of a minister on an appeal or as a result of objections or representations , and in particular the procedure for the compulsory [buy] of land .

If compulsory purchase order enquiries were contrasted with inferior courts , the courts would be speedier .
if compulsory [buy] order enquiries were contrasted with inferior courts , the courts would be speedier .

Already by the time of Mortmain , however , the problem was less about donations of land to the religious houses than the purchase of land by them , but this too was curtailed more by monastic poverty than by statute ; in fact the king not long after this had to ban houses of which he was patron from selling their endowments .
already by the time of mortmain , however , the problem was less about donations of land to the religious houses than the [buy] of land by them , but this too was curtailed more by monastic poverty than by statute ; in fact the king not long after this had to ban houses of which he was patron from selling their endowments .

This provides that if any religious houses alienate tenements given to them by the king or other founders , those tenements shall be recoverable by the donor or his heirs , the buyer losing both the tenement and the purchase price .
this provides that if any religious houses alienate tenements given to them by the king or other founders , those tenements shall be recoverable by the donor or his heirs , the buyer losing both the tenement and the [buy] price .

But perhaps worst of all , it has been clearly demonstrated that while a change in attitudes to a brand or product can precede a purchase of that brand , it can equally well follow the purchase : does attitude change influence a purchase , or does it merely result from it ?
but perhaps worst of all , it has been clearly demonstrated that while a change in attitudes to a brand or product can precede a [buy] of that brand , it can equally well follow the [buy] : does attitude change influence a [buy] , or does it merely result from it ?

— since people often feel the need to justify a purchase , especially a major purchase , after they have made it .
— since people often feel the need to justify a [buy] , especially a major [buy] , after they have made it .

Some ads will be irrelevant : the viewer or reader is not in the target group , or has just made a purchase in that product group and does not want another just yet .
some ads will be irrelevant : the viewer or reader is not in the target group , or has just made a [buy] in that product group and does not want another just yet .

Quite simply , the likelihood of a purchase in the product field is one key factor in the way a consumer might respond to an ad .
quite simply , the likelihood of a [buy] in the product field is one key factor in the way a consumer might respond to an ad .

Table 6.1 Types of purchase
table 6.1 types of [buy]

The ad may produce an immediate decision to purchase .
the ad may produce an immediate decision to [buy] .

The ad may confirm a previous decision to purchase the product , and encourage the buyer to talk favourably to friends about it .
the ad may confirm a previous decision to [buy] the product , and encourage the buyer to talk favourably to friends about it .

The ad may start a favourable train of thought which could lead to a purchase in a week 's ( or a year 's ) time .
the ad may start a favourable train of thought which could lead to a [buy] in a week 's ( or a year 's ) time .

In so far as advertisements ‘ sell ’ they generally do it more or less indirectly : rarely is an ad a direct ( or the only ) stimulus to purchase .
in so far as advertisements ‘ sell ’ they generally do it more or less indirectly : rarely is an ad a direct ( or the only ) stimulus to [buy] .

Consumers ' use of ads is likely to differ according to their interest in the product field and the complexity and importance of a purchase in the product field .
consumers ' use of ads is likely to differ according to their interest in the product field and the complexity and importance of a [buy] in the product field .

They can be difficult to find , and may follow , rather than precede , a relevant purchase .
they can be difficult to find , and may follow , rather than precede , a relevant [buy] .

In other words , it should be offering the potential buyer at least one , possibly only one , clear reason for purchase .
in other words , it should be offering the potential buyer at least one , possibly only one , clear reason for [buy] .

one that has been on sale in the shop at full price for not less than 28 consecutive days during the preceding six months ) and a ‘ special purchase ’ , such as a remainder or bargain book .
one that has been on sale in the shop at full price for not less than 28 consecutive days during the preceding six months ) and a ‘ special [buy] ’ , such as a remainder or bargain book .

He appeared regularly in the shop , invariably walking out with yet another purchase for which he had scant use .
he appeared regularly in the shop , invariably walking out with yet another [buy] for which he had scant use .

While Branson was negotiating the purchase of his Caribbean island , the living corpse of the Sex Pistols was slowly kicking itself to final , ignominious extinction .
while branson was negotiating the [buy] of his caribbean island , the living corpse of the sex pistols was slowly kicking itself to final , ignominious extinction .

In 1981 , the Virgin empire was , therefore , swollen yet further with the purchase of two more nightclubs , one called the Roof Gardens , the other , Heaven , purchased with the help of loans from the bank and monies from a foreign licensee .
in 1981 , the virgin empire was , therefore , swollen yet further with the [buy] of two more nightclubs , one called the roof gardens , the other , heaven , purchased with the help of loans from the bank and monies from a foreign licensee .

The purchase of Heaven elevated eyebrows parallel to hairlines in Coutts , not least because Heaven was London 's largest , and most popular , club for homosexuals .
the [buy] of heaven elevated eyebrows parallel to hairlines in coutts , not least because heaven was london 's largest , and most popular , club for homosexuals .

Over lunch at the Roof Gardens , an agreement was drawn up for the purchase of Powell 's share in Virgin , giving him one million pounds , the Scala cinema and the video-editing suites .
over lunch at the roof gardens , an agreement was drawn up for the [buy] of powell 's share in virgin , giving him one million pounds , the scala cinema and the video-editing suites .

He expressed interest in few things in life beyond music , and the purchase of a series of improbably fast and expensive motor cars .
he expressed interest in few things in life beyond music , and the [buy] of a series of improbably fast and expensive motor cars .

The negotiations for the purchase of the aircraft culminated in the offices of the London lawyers , Freshfields , with representatives of five companies and some six different law firms clustered around a table in the conference room .
the negotiations for the [buy] of the aircraft culminated in the offices of the london lawyers , freshfields , with representatives of five companies and some six different law firms clustered around a table in the conference room .

He negotiated the purchase of a plane , and the acquisition of a licence , he flirted with domestic politics , and international diplomacy .
he negotiated the [buy] of a plane , and the acquisition of a licence , he flirted with domestic politics , and international diplomacy .

Fields privately resented the way in which Branson had taken responsibility for the purchase of the first Virgin aircraft ; while Branson , for his part , grew increasingly alarmed at the way in which his new partner appeared to be running the rest of the company .
fields privately resented the way in which branson had taken responsibility for the [buy] of the first virgin aircraft ; while branson , for his part , grew increasingly alarmed at the way in which his new partner appeared to be running the rest of the company .

According to an affidavit sworn on behalf of the Secretary of State by Mr. Anthony David Purchase on 5 April 1990 , the Secretary of State did consider the points raised in the affidavit and
according to an affidavit sworn on behalf of the secretary of state by mr. anthony david [buy] on 5 april 1990 , the secretary of state did consider the points raised in the affidavit and

Thus it is common ground in the present case that if a manufacturer negligently makes and markets defective goods , for instance a car with defective brakes , or a soothing syrup for babies which is negligently contaminated with corrosive acid , and the defective goods are put on the market and sold to a member of the public , and the predictable accident follows and a young baby is injured , for instance if the baby is a passenger in the car when the brakes fail and the car crashes , or is given the syrup , it is no defence to an action for damages , by or on behalf of the baby , for the manufacturer to prove that the baby was only born after the defective goods had left the manufacturer 's premises or even had passed to the member of the public by purchase from the retailer .
thus it is common ground in the present case that if a manufacturer negligently makes and markets defective goods , for instance a car with defective brakes , or a soothing syrup for babies which is negligently contaminated with corrosive acid , and the defective goods are put on the market and sold to a member of the public , and the predictable accident follows and a young baby is injured , for instance if the baby is a passenger in the car when the brakes fail and the car crashes , or is given the syrup , it is no defence to an action for damages , by or on behalf of the baby , for the manufacturer to prove that the baby was only born after the defective goods had left the manufacturer 's premises or even had passed to the member of the public by [buy] from the retailer .

It would not , in my opinion , be open to an investor to retain the purchased shares and , under section 5 , to claim back the purchase money less the financial value of the retained shares .
it would not , in my opinion , be open to an investor to retain the purchased shares and , under section 5 , to claim back the [buy] money less the financial value of the retained shares .

Section 47 of the Act prohibits the making of misleading statements for the purpose , inter alia , of inducing persons to purchase shares .
section 47 of the act prohibits the making of misleading statements for the purpose , inter alia , of inducing persons to [buy] shares .

Section 57 imposes restrictions on the contents of advertisements inviting , inter alia , the purchase of or subscription for shares .
section 57 imposes restrictions on the contents of advertisements inviting , inter alia , the [buy] of or subscription for shares .

So an order ought not , in my opinion , to require a contravener to repay to an investor the purchase price of shares sold to the investor unless there is also provision for the return of the shares by the investor .
so an order ought not , in my opinion , to require a contravener to repay to an investor the [buy] price of shares sold to the investor unless there is also provision for the return of the shares by the investor .

An order requiring the contravener to repay the purchase price of the shares would not be capable of restoring the parties to their respective former positions unless the obligation to repay were made conditional on the tender of the share certificates .
an order requiring the contravener to repay the [buy] price of the shares would not be capable of restoring the parties to their respective former positions unless the obligation to repay were made conditional on the tender of the share certificates .

It is not hard to construct a case in which a contravener induces an investor to enter into a share purchase transaction with a third party associate under which the price for the shares is paid to the third party .
it is not hard to construct a case in which a contravener induces an investor to enter into a share [buy] transaction with a third party associate under which the price for the shares is paid to the third party .

An order could , in my opinion , be sought imposing on the contravener and , in default of payment by the contravener , on the person or persons ‘ knowingly concerned ’ liability to repay to the investor the purchase price of the shares comprised in a particular investment transaction , with payment to be made against the delivery up by the investor of the share certificates and , if necessary , a signed form of transfer .
an order could , in my opinion , be sought imposing on the contravener and , in default of payment by the contravener , on the person or persons ‘ knowingly concerned ’ liability to repay to the investor the [buy] price of the shares comprised in a particular investment transaction , with payment to be made against the delivery up by the investor of the share certificates and , if necessary , a signed form of transfer .

The defendants showed both houses to a prospective purchaser , whose offer to purchase the adjacent house was accepted .
the defendants showed both houses to a prospective purchaser , whose offer to [buy] the adjacent house was accepted .

to expatriates ) with the consent of the Governor , but in practice the Governor did not permit an expatriate to purchase more than one property .
to expatriates ) with the consent of the governor , but in practice the governor did not permit an expatriate to [buy] more than one property .

At no time did the defendants tell the plaintiff of Mr. Perot 's proposed purchase of Vertigo and it is this fact which has given rise to the present litigation .
at no time did the defendants tell the plaintiff of mr. perot 's proposed [buy] of vertigo and it is this fact which has given rise to the present litigation .

It is of course correct that at no stage was the purchase of either property made legally conditional upon the purchase of the other .
it is of course correct that at no stage was the [buy] of either property made legally conditional upon the [buy] of the other .

After the purchase the property became the home of Mr. Steed and his family .
after the [buy] the property became the home of mr. steed and his family .

During the summer of 1979 Mr. and Mrs. Hammond had made arrangements with Argyle Building Society , now known as Norwich and Peterborough Building Society , to borrow £15,000 on the security of the property in order to enable them to purchase the property for £24,500 from Mr. Steed .
during the summer of 1979 mr. and mrs. hammond had made arrangements with argyle building society , now known as norwich and peterborough building society , to borrow £15,000 on the security of the property in order to enable them to [buy] the property for £24,500 from mr. steed .

The £15,000 was advanced in order to enable the Hammonds to complete a purchase from Mr. Steed at a price of £24,500 .
the £15,000 was advanced in order to enable the hammonds to complete a [buy] from mr. steed at a price of £24,500 .

The Government of the Federal Republic of Germany stated that events in Great Britain , but also more recent developments in the Federal Republic of Germany with regard to the increasing purchase of firms by fishing undertakings from other member states and the attempted re-flagging of fishing vessels from other member states , showed that the stability objective pursued by the Common Fisheries Policy might be impaired .
the government of the federal republic of germany stated that events in great britain , but also more recent developments in the federal republic of germany with regard to the increasing [buy] of firms by fishing undertakings from other member states and the attempted re-flagging of fishing vessels from other member states , showed that the stability objective pursued by the common fisheries policy might be impaired .

The Government of the Federal Republic of Germany referred by way of example to the possibility of requiring the relevant fishing vessel to operate from the member state in which it was registered , its crew to be affiliated to the social security scheme of that member state or supply contracts relating to the purchase of the catch to be concluded with local undertakings .
the government of the federal republic of germany referred by way of example to the possibility of requiring the relevant fishing vessel to operate from the member state in which it was registered , its crew to be affiliated to the social security scheme of that member state or supply contracts relating to the [buy] of the catch to be concluded with local undertakings .

The surveyor will advise the applicant and Woolwich Building Society ( ‘ the society ’ ) as to his opinion of the state of repair and condition of , and the value of , the property specified by the applicant on the standard form of home purchase report published by the society in conjunction with the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors .
the surveyor will advise the applicant and woolwich building society ( ‘ the society ’ ) as to his opinion of the state of repair and condition of , and the value of , the property specified by the applicant on the standard form of home [buy] report published by the society in conjunction with the royal institution of chartered surveyors .

‘ I/we request the society to arrange for a Woolwich home purchase report to be prepared and confirm I/we have read , understand and accept the conditions of engagement .
‘ i/we request the society to arrange for a woolwich home [buy] report to be prepared and confirm i/we have read , understand and accept the conditions of engagement .

Before this Board the commissioner advanced two main submissions , namely : ( 1 ) that the business of the bank was one and indivisible since all the profit earning operations were directed from Hong Kong by staff therein employed , no overseas branch of the bank was involved and the funds employed in the purchase of the certificates of deposit arose from the carrying on of the business in Hong Kong ; and ( 2 ) that in any event , even if the sale and purchase of certificates of deposit failed to be treated as separate operations , nevertheless the profits from these operations arose in Hong Kong .
before this board the commissioner advanced two main submissions , namely : ( 1 ) that the business of the bank was one and indivisible since all the profit earning operations were directed from hong kong by staff therein employed , no overseas branch of the bank was involved and the funds employed in the [buy] of the certificates of deposit arose from the carrying on of the business in hong kong ; and ( 2 ) that in any event , even if the sale and [buy] of certificates of deposit failed to be treated as separate operations , nevertheless the profits from these operations arose in hong kong .

The investment decisions were taken in Hong Kong and the funds used in the purchase derived from Hong Kong depositors .
the investment decisions were taken in hong kong and the funds used in the [buy] derived from hong kong depositors .

But if the profit was earned by the exploitation of property assets as by letting property , lending money or dealing in commodities or securities by buying and reselling at a profit , the profit will have arisen in or derived from the place where the property was let , the money was lent or the contracts of purchase and sale were effected .
but if the profit was earned by the exploitation of property assets as by letting property , lending money or dealing in commodities or securities by buying and reselling at a profit , the profit will have arisen in or derived from the place where the property was let , the money was lent or the contracts of [buy] and sale were effected .

The mainsheet consists of a 4:1 or 8:1 purchase taken from the end of the main boom to a track running the full width of the cockpit at the after end of the bridgedeck .
the mainsheet consists of a 4:1 or 8:1 [buy] taken from the end of the main boom to a track running the full width of the cockpit at the after end of the bridgedeck .

The inexpensive answer to the problem of cold feet is the purchase of a pair of fleecy boot liners made by Cazmatann .
the inexpensive answer to the problem of cold feet is the [buy] of a pair of fleecy boot liners made by cazmatann .

The advantage of ni-cads is that they will save you a lot of money if used correctly ; the disadvantage is that the initial purchase cost is high .
the advantage of ni-cads is that they will save you a lot of money if used correctly ; the disadvantage is that the initial [buy] cost is high .

We advise people to be wary of discounts claimed against ‘ Recommended Retail Prices ’ and of offers of ‘ Money off next purchase ’ vouchers .
we advise people to be wary of discounts claimed against ‘ recommended retail prices ’ and of offers of ‘ money off next [buy] ’ vouchers .

More wicked women-fun is shown in Nicole van Goethem 's ‘ Full of Grace ’ ( 1987 ) where two nuns ‘ find a new way to feel the love of God after a mistaken purchase from a shop in the wrong part of town ’ — they buy and ritualistically burn plastic willies .
more wicked women-fun is shown in nicole van goethem 's ‘ full of grace ’ ( 1987 ) where two nuns ‘ find a new way to feel the love of god after a mistaken [buy] from a shop in the wrong part of town ’ — they buy and ritualistically burn plastic willies .

As part of that deal he agreed to pay $38m to his 49 per cent partner in the purchase , Francis Murray , if Murray wanted to sell after three years .
as part of that deal he agreed to pay $38m to his 49 per cent partner in the [buy] , francis murray , if murray wanted to sell after three years .

So it is hardly surprising that nablabs are seen merely as a distress purchase .
so it is hardly surprising that nablabs are seen merely as a distress [buy] .

‘ The market is not going to grow until we get away from this distress purchase idea — that 's the easy way of selling it .
‘ the market is not going to grow until we get away from this distress [buy] idea — that 's the easy way of selling it .

‘ The market is not going to grow until we get away from this distress purchase idea — that 's the easy way of selling it ’ — Peter Karsten
‘ the market is not going to grow until we get away from this distress [buy] idea — that 's the easy way of selling it ’ — peter karsten

Such a sample of 380 housewives should yield a useful cross section of attitudes towards the purchase and consumption of the different types of bread .
such a sample of 380 housewives should yield a useful cross section of attitudes towards the [buy] and consumption of the different types of bread .

After all , the number of such buyers is small and past purchase patter 's may be known in great detail ( from internal sales information , and from trade association statistics covering the whole market ) .
after all , the number of such buyers is small and past [buy] patter 's may be known in great detail ( from internal sales information , and from trade association statistics covering the whole market ) .

The process also incorporates feedback , for instance in the relationship between the rate at which customers purchase and the rate of purchases for stock by retailers .
the process also incorporates feedback , for instance in the relationship between the rate at which customers [buy] and the rate of purchases for stock by retailers .

Culture is generally regarded as a key determinant of consumer demand and purchase pattern .
culture is generally regarded as a key determinant of consumer demand and [buy] pattern .

These four chapters concentrate on buyer behaviour in consumer markets , and chapters fourteen and fifteen deal with purchase behaviour in industrial markets .
these four chapters concentrate on buyer behaviour in consumer markets , and chapters fourteen and fifteen deal with [buy] behaviour in industrial markets .

People 's purchase behaviour will , in part , be determined by basic economic factors such as : * the real disposable income available to them for expenditure on consumer goods and services ; * the price of the available products ; * basic personal perceptions of what constitutes good `` value for money `` ; * the relative prices of `` substitute `` products , whose purchase might become preferred ; * the relative prices of `` complementary `` products ( whose purchase is in some way related to the original purchase ) .
people 's [buy] behaviour will , in part , be determined by basic economic factors such as : * the real disposable income available to them for expenditure on consumer goods and services ; * the price of the available products ; * basic personal perceptions of what constitutes good `` value for money `` ; * the relative prices of `` substitute `` products , whose [buy] might become preferred ; * the relative prices of `` complementary `` products ( whose [buy] is in some way related to the original [buy] ) .

People 's purchase behaviour will also be determined by a whole series of behavioural factors , which are used to explain why buyers need or want certain products .
people 's [buy] behaviour will also be determined by a whole series of behavioural factors , which are used to explain why buyers need or want certain products .

The marketer must understand why people want or need products , so that he or she can : * group ( or `` segment `` ) different people according to those reasons for purchase ( see chapter sixteen ) ; * design and distribute products which will deliver the required `` satisfactions `` for these needs or wants ; * target promotional activities on these different people so that they become aware of the satisfactions on offer from the supplier , and are encouraged to make the actual purchase .
the marketer must understand why people want or need products , so that he or she can : * group ( or `` segment `` ) different people according to those reasons for [buy] ( see chapter sixteen ) ; * design and distribute products which will deliver the required `` satisfactions `` for these needs or wants ; * target promotional activities on these different people so that they become aware of the satisfactions on offer from the supplier , and are encouraged to make the actual [buy] .

The marketer , therefore , needs to understand the needs or wants that inspire individual motivation , and give rise to particular forms of purchase behaviour .
the marketer , therefore , needs to understand the needs or wants that inspire individual motivation , and give rise to particular forms of [buy] behaviour .

In this theory , wants and needs are " pre-potent " , that is potential higher level needs emerge and influence purchase behaviour only after there has been an opportunity for the satisfaction of lower level needs .
in this theory , wants and needs are " pre-potent " , that is potential higher level needs emerge and influence [buy] behaviour only after there has been an opportunity for the satisfaction of lower level needs .

Purchase behaviour is motivated by a series of different levels of need or want .
[buy] behaviour is motivated by a series of different levels of need or want .

For these reasons , people buy food and drink , pay rent or buy a house , purchase insurance , and meet up with their friends in clubs , pubs , churches , professional institutions and so on .
for these reasons , people buy food and drink , pay rent or buy a house , [buy] insurance , and meet up with their friends in clubs , pubs , churches , professional institutions and so on .

Consumers self-image is an important clue to purchase behaviour , for around it cluster wants and needs that serve to defend and enhance the idealised perceptions that most individuals have about themselves .
consumers self-image is an important clue to [buy] behaviour , for around it cluster wants and needs that serve to defend and enhance the idealised perceptions that most individuals have about themselves .

Self-image theory accepts that purchase behaviour will in part be determined by the need to satisfy physiological , safety and social needs .
self-image theory accepts that [buy] behaviour will in part be determined by the need to satisfy physiological , safety and social needs .

Thus , purchase behaviour and shopping patterns are seen under this motivation theory to support and enhance personal self-identity .
thus , [buy] behaviour and shopping patterns are seen under this motivation theory to support and enhance personal self-identity .

This is most certainly the case with the purchase of clothing and drinks , and the following of a particular style of life ( see below ) .
this is most certainly the case with the [buy] of clothing and drinks , and the following of a particular style of life ( see below ) .

Culture will play an important part in shaping purchase behaviour , because culture determines many of our patterns and standards ( `` norms `` ) of behaviour .
culture will play an important part in shaping [buy] behaviour , because culture determines many of our patterns and standards ( `` norms `` ) of behaviour .

For instance , the purchase and consumption of alcohol is an important feature of western life .
for instance , the [buy] and consumption of alcohol is an important feature of western life .

And that person 's consumption habits and purchase behaviour will be as much affected by this socialisation process as any other form of individual and social behaviour .
and that person 's consumption habits and [buy] behaviour will be as much affected by this socialisation process as any other form of individual and social behaviour .

Purchase and consumption habits will be firmly anchored in customary patterns , which it will be difficult to break .
[buy] and consumption habits will be firmly anchored in customary patterns , which it will be difficult to break .

It encourages the purchase of strong and well known products and brands , and emphasises those products and services which confer status and make life as secure and predictable as possible .
it encourages the [buy] of strong and well known products and brands , and emphasises those products and services which confer status and make life as secure and predictable as possible .

Purchase behaviour is a key behavioural pattern and can , in part , be explained by these theories .
[buy] behaviour is a key behavioural pattern and can , in part , be explained by these theories .

This will affect consumption habits and purchase behaviour .
this will affect consumption habits and [buy] behaviour .

2.4 Life-style Life-style refers to distinctive ways of living , purchase and consumption habits ( etc ) adopted by particular groups in society .
2.4 life-style life-style refers to distinctive ways of living , [buy] and consumption habits ( etc ) adopted by particular groups in society .

Social class and social stratification are major influences on consumer purchase behaviour .
social class and social stratification are major influences on consumer [buy] behaviour .

Reference groups and opinion leaders are discussed , and their influence on purchase behaviour illustrated by youth culture and other age-related examples .
reference groups and opinion leaders are discussed , and their influence on [buy] behaviour illustrated by youth culture and other age-related examples .

Here , purchase decisions are influenced by a variety of different roles , each of whose relative importance needs to be understood by the marketer selling goods and services subject to such multiple influences .
here , [buy] decisions are influenced by a variety of different roles , each of whose relative importance needs to be understood by the marketer selling goods and services subject to such multiple influences .

Social classes often have their own particular behaviour , purchase and consumption patterns , and tend to limit their closest relationships , social intercourse and friendship to their own kind .
social classes often have their own particular behaviour , [buy] and consumption patterns , and tend to limit their closest relationships , social intercourse and friendship to their own kind .

Whilst a detailed discussion of the advantages and disadvantages of such classifications is beyond the scope of this book , their widespread use shows that : * they give a generally reliable picture of the relationship between occupation and income ; * they do indicate differences in purchase and consumption patterns , although the total disposable income as between any two categories may be similar ( especially where husband and wife are both working ) ; * those categories are stable and enduring .
whilst a detailed discussion of the advantages and disadvantages of such classifications is beyond the scope of this book , their widespread use shows that : * they give a generally reliable picture of the relationship between occupation and income ; * they do indicate differences in [buy] and consumption patterns , although the total disposable income as between any two categories may be similar ( especially where husband and wife are both working ) ; * those categories are stable and enduring .

Secondly , those people who have the means to achieve upward mobility will exhibit purchase and consumption patterns similar to the social class to which they aspire .
secondly , those people who have the means to achieve upward mobility will exhibit [buy] and consumption patterns similar to the social class to which they aspire .

Purchase and consumption behaviour will be as much influenced by social groups as by any other form , of behavioural determinant .
[buy] and consumption behaviour will be as much influenced by social groups as by any other form , of behavioural determinant .

But given the considerable importance of purchase behaviour , this relative influence may be particularly great .
but given the considerable importance of [buy] behaviour , this relative influence may be particularly great .

The influence of the group on purchase behaviour can be studied in two ways .
the influence of the group on [buy] behaviour can be studied in two ways .

The family situation will have specific marketing implications , as in the purchase of housing , washing machines or children 's clothes .
the family situation will have specific marketing implications , as in the [buy] of housing , washing machines or children 's clothes .

But family purchase behaviour will also be subject to family influence ( or even interference ) over the choice and direction of the expenditure of any one individual .
but family [buy] behaviour will also be subject to family influence ( or even interference ) over the choice and direction of the expenditure of any one individual .

Many readers will readily recognise that such purchase decisions are often fraught with difficulty and argument .
many readers will readily recognise that such [buy] decisions are often fraught with difficulty and argument .

Purchase decisions will be referred to her , and discussion of them will take place around her .
[buy] decisions will be referred to her , and discussion of them will take place around her .

v ) The experience of older family members may be deferred to before purchase decisions are made .
v ) the experience of older family members may be deferred to before [buy] decisions are made .

Purchase behaviour will , again , be altered so as to come into line with the customary behaviour of the reference group .
[buy] behaviour will , again , be altered so as to come into line with the customary behaviour of the reference group .

specifically , a reference group may influence an individual person 's behaviour : * by establishing `` conventional `` patterns of behaviour and purchase satisfaction ; * by influencing individual expectations and aspirations , which will shape people 's attitude towards consumption and satisfaction ; * by defining and shaping individual personal taste ; * by supplying the consumer with information about particular products or services , in situations where the individual has minimal prior knowledge .
specifically , a reference group may influence an individual person 's behaviour : * by establishing `` conventional `` patterns of behaviour and [buy] satisfaction ; * by influencing individual expectations and aspirations , which will shape people 's attitude towards consumption and satisfaction ; * by defining and shaping individual personal taste ; * by supplying the consumer with information about particular products or services , in situations where the individual has minimal prior knowledge .

Here , the reference group can be all powerful in influencing purchase behaviour .
here , the reference group can be all powerful in influencing [buy] behaviour .

Quite apart from the influence of reference groups , opinion leaders and family members , purchase behaviour will be shaped by the stage reached by individuals and families within the family life cycle .
quite apart from the influence of reference groups , opinion leaders and family members , [buy] behaviour will be shaped by the stage reached by individuals and families within the family life cycle .

Put simply , purchase behaviour will be a function of the different variables already analysed in this and the previous chapter , but will vary in emphasis and priority according to the stage reached by individual and family .
put simply , [buy] behaviour will be a function of the different variables already analysed in this and the previous chapter , but will vary in emphasis and priority according to the stage reached by individual and family .

The study of individual purchase motivations and behaviour may , however , be complicated where a number of individuals become involved in the purchase decision .
the study of individual [buy] motivations and behaviour may , however , be complicated where a number of individuals become involved in the [buy] decision .

The various multi-individual influences on the purchase decision take the form of a number of roles which are : *the initiator — who originates the purchase process , having given expression to the need or want that motivates it .
the various multi-individual influences on the [buy] decision take the form of a number of roles which are : *the initiator — who originates the [buy] process , having given expression to the need or want that motivates it .

*the influencer — individuals whose influence over the purchase decision is in some way significant or authoritative .
*the influencer — individuals whose influence over the [buy] decision is in some way significant or authoritative .

The influencer may , for instance , change the purchase objective , or act as a catalyst to render the original purchase motivation more practical or feasible .
the influencer may , for instance , change the [buy] objective , or act as a catalyst to render the original [buy] motivation more practical or feasible .

*the decider — who actually determines what the outcome of the purchase motivation will be .
*the decider — who actually determines what the outcome of the [buy] motivation will be .

*the purchaser — who physically carries out the purchase transaction .
*the purchaser — who physically carries out the [buy] transaction .

Such models comprise theoretical constructs of variables which are interrelated , and significant in influencing the outcome of a purchase motivation .
such models comprise theoretical constructs of variables which are interrelated , and significant in influencing the outcome of a [buy] motivation .

It should by now be clear to the reader that the purchase decision may turn out to be a highly complex one , subject to a wide variety of inter-related economic and behavioural influences .
it should by now be clear to the reader that the [buy] decision may turn out to be a highly complex one , subject to a wide variety of inter-related economic and behavioural influences .

Such models comprise theoretical constructs of variables which are interrelated and significant in influencing the outcome of a purchase motivation .
such models comprise theoretical constructs of variables which are interrelated and significant in influencing the outcome of a [buy] motivation .

These models may be of use to marketers in dealing with particular problems , such as the relative importance of advertising or price in influencing consumer purchase behaviour .
these models may be of use to marketers in dealing with particular problems , such as the relative importance of advertising or price in influencing consumer [buy] behaviour .

The model assumes that the buyer will pass through this series of steps , whether it be consciously or unconsciously , until the purchase is ( or is not ) made .
the model assumes that the buyer will pass through this series of steps , whether it be consciously or unconsciously , until the [buy] is ( or is not ) made .

It also assumes ( reasonably enough ) that since the average consumer is not stupid , he or she will learn on an accumulative basis from the purchase experience .
it also assumes ( reasonably enough ) that since the average consumer is not stupid , he or she will learn on an accumulative basis from the [buy] experience .

This learning process will focus in particular on a comparison of : * the evaluation of the alternatives made prior to the purchase ; * the claims made by the supplier for the product that was eventually purchased ; * the performance or acceptability of the product actually purchased- relative to the purchase motivation and the needs/wants that gave rise to it .
this learning process will focus in particular on a comparison of : * the evaluation of the alternatives made prior to the [buy] ; * the claims made by the supplier for the product that was eventually purchased ; * the performance or acceptability of the product actually purchased- relative to the [buy] motivation and the needs/wants that gave rise to it .

The sooner the potential customer selects a particular product or brand as meeting his or her purchase needs , the more successful has been its marketing .
the sooner the potential customer selects a particular product or brand as meeting his or her [buy] needs , the more successful has been its marketing .

Such situations might include the routine repeat purchase of washing up liquid , sweets or cigarettes .
such situations might include the routine repeat [buy] of washing up liquid , sweets or cigarettes .

* whether the decision involves a major purchase , in which case there may be prolonged reflection , consultation and problem-solving behaviour .
* whether the decision involves a major [buy] , in which case there may be prolonged reflection , consultation and problem-solving behaviour .

The purchase process for a new house , car , cooker or video recorder may have been a quite lengthy process .
the [buy] process for a new house , car , cooker or video recorder may have been a quite lengthy process .

The marketer will try to encourage brand loyalty as a means of rendering the purchase process more comfortable and more satisfying .
the marketer will try to encourage brand loyalty as a means of rendering the [buy] process more comfortable and more satisfying .

After all , fear of the purchase process itself is hardly likely to be conducive to the build-up of positive feelings about the eventual product or service to be bought .
after all , fear of the [buy] process itself is hardly likely to be conducive to the build-up of positive feelings about the eventual product or service to be bought .

Within these models , typically , information is processed by the individual ; economic , socio-cultural and psychological influences are evaluated and related ; and a purchase/no purchase decision is the result .
within these models , typically , information is processed by the individual ; economic , socio-cultural and psychological influences are evaluated and related ; and a purchase/no [buy] decision is the result .

ii ) purchase attitudes and intentions ' will be shaped by basic behavioural determinants already discussed in this and the previous chapter . These include : * Personality * culture * Social class
ii ) [buy] attitudes and intentions ' will be shaped by basic behavioural determinants already discussed in this and the previous chapter . these include : * personality * culture * social class

These attitudes and intentions will also be influenced by the Importance of the purchase decision to the individual .
these attitudes and intentions will also be influenced by the importance of the [buy] decision to the individual .

iv ) Processing determinants Will include : * Motivation — which includes the specific motives for the purchase , and the additional but nonspecific advantages that will result .
iv ) processing determinants will include : * motivation — which includes the specific motives for the [buy] , and the additional but nonspecific advantages that will result .

* Available satisfactions and past experience — the Psychological Processes involved in a purchase decision Will take into account the available satisfactions relevant to the purchase motivation , and accumulated experience of past consumer satisfaction from the product or service in view .
* available satisfactions and past experience — the psychological processes involved in a [buy] decision will take into account the available satisfactions relevant to the [buy] motivation , and accumulated experience of past consumer satisfaction from the product or service in view .

v ) Inhibitors which are external constraints on actual or potential purchase behaviour .
v ) inhibitors which are external constraints on actual or potential [buy] behaviour .

These include : price of product or brand ; availability of product or brand ; financial status of the individual ; time constraints which limit the time available to deal with the purchase .
these include : price of product or brand ; availability of product or brand ; financial status of the individual ; time constraints which limit the time available to deal with the [buy] .

vi ) Outputs which may lead to a purchase decision .
vi ) outputs which may lead to a [buy] decision .

These outputs take the form of personal attitude and intention to purchase which , if favourable , will lead to the purchase decision being made .
these outputs take the form of personal attitude and intention to [buy] which , if favourable , will lead to the [buy] decision being made .

This kind of model has a number of advantages , of which the most important is its indication of the complex nature of many purchase situations .
this kind of model has a number of advantages , of which the most important is its indication of the complex nature of many [buy] situations .

It emphasizes the need for marketers to analyze the satisfactions being sought by individuals through their purchase and consumption patterns , and to gain a clear understanding of individual purchase motivations .
it emphasizes the need for marketers to analyze the satisfactions being sought by individuals through their [buy] and consumption patterns , and to gain a clear understanding of individual [buy] motivations .

It suggests that marketers need to offer products or services that offer satisfactions , or solve the consumer 's purchase problems , at a variety of levels at the same time .
it suggests that marketers need to offer products or services that offer satisfactions , or solve the consumer 's [buy] problems , at a variety of levels at the same time .

For all these kinds of factors are involved in the determination of consumer attitude , motivation and purchase behaviour .
for all these kinds of factors are involved in the determination of consumer attitude , motivation and [buy] behaviour .

And , finally , it points to the importance of external constraints ( inhibitors ) in permitting the individual to satisfy his or her purchase motivations .
and , finally , it points to the importance of external constraints ( inhibitors ) in permitting the individual to satisfy his or her [buy] motivations .

Decision-process models also assume that consumer learning and experience will build up and affect future purchase situations .
decision-process models also assume that consumer learning and experience will build up and affect future [buy] situations .

1.2 Theoretical models These models attempt to show the inter-relationship between relevant behavioural and economic factors involved in the purchase decision .
1.2 theoretical models these models attempt to show the inter-relationship between relevant behavioural and economic factors involved in the [buy] decision .

Typically , information is processed by the individual ; economic , socio-cultural and psychological influences are evaluated and related ; and a purchase/no purchase decision is the result .
typically , information is processed by the individual ; economic , socio-cultural and psychological influences are evaluated and related ; and a purchase/no [buy] decision is the result .

6 ) What is " culture " ? Why is it an important determinant of purchase behaviour ?
6 ) what is " culture " ? why is it an important determinant of [buy] behaviour ?

7 ) What is " life-style " ? What is its significance as a determinant of consumer purchase behaviour ?
7 ) what is " life-style " ? what is its significance as a determinant of consumer [buy] behaviour ?

11 ) What is the significance of the group as a determinant of consumer purchase behaviour ?
11 ) what is the significance of the group as a determinant of consumer [buy] behaviour ?

12 ) Describe and comment on family purchase behaviour and pattern .
12 ) describe and comment on family [buy] behaviour and pattern .

13 ) How important is the family in determining individual purchase patterns ?
13 ) how important is the family in determining individual [buy] patterns ?

14 ) What is a " reference group " ? What is its significance in determining the nature of consumer purchase behaviour ?
14 ) what is a " reference group " ? what is its significance in determining the nature of consumer [buy] behaviour ?

15 ) Why are " opinion leaders " important in determining people 's purchase behaviour ?
15 ) why are " opinion leaders " important in determining people 's [buy] behaviour ?

Describe some of the roles involved in such purchase patterns .
describe some of the roles involved in such [buy] patterns .

The research objective included an investigation ( i ) of consumer towards the purchase and use of cotton wool , and ( ii ) of the reasons that underpinned these attitudes and usage patterns . In other words , why did consumers purchase the products and what needs were satisfied by its use ?
the research objective included an investigation ( i ) of consumer towards the [buy] and use of cotton wool , and ( ii ) of the reasons that underpinned these attitudes and usage patterns . in other words , why did consumers [buy] the products and what needs were satisfied by its use ?

The case study shows that respondent attitudes towards the purchase , usage context and use of cotton wool are subject to a number of the behavioural influences discussed `` in chapters ten , eleven , and twelve .
the case study shows that respondent attitudes towards the [buy] , usage context and use of cotton wool are subject to a number of the behavioural influences discussed `` in chapters ten , eleven , and twelve .

It examines some of the factors which influence industrial buying and purchase behaviour .
it examines some of the factors which influence industrial buying and [buy] behaviour .

It differentiates the various purchase types to be found within the industrial situation , and examines the importance to marketers in supplier companies of selling under contract .
it differentiates the various [buy] types to be found within the industrial situation , and examines the importance to marketers in supplier companies of selling under contract .

It analyses the problem of marketing to multi-individual buying structures , and concludes by looking at the applications of industrial purchase behaviour models .
it analyses the problem of marketing to multi-individual buying structures , and concludes by looking at the applications of industrial [buy] behaviour models .

It examines the scope and limitations of such markets , and remarks briefly upon the impact of business cycles on demand and purchase patterns .
it examines the scope and limitations of such markets , and remarks briefly upon the impact of business cycles on demand and [buy] patterns .

The chapter goes on to outline the main purchase types , and looks at the importance of contract markets in many industrial buying situations .
the chapter goes on to outline the main [buy] types , and looks at the importance of contract markets in many industrial buying situations .

1 ) Derived demand and augmented products 2 ) Business cycles 3 ) The scope of industrial goods markets 4 ) Contingency factors 5 ) Purchase types 6 ) Contract markets 7 ) Summary
1 ) derived demand and augmented products 2 ) business cycles 3 ) the scope of industrial goods markets 4 ) contingency factors 5 ) [buy] types 6 ) contract markets 7 ) summary

The processes by which these organisations purchase the goods and services they need are radically different from those in consumer markets .
the processes by which these organisations [buy] the goods and services they need are radically different from those in consumer markets .

One office may be responsible for many millions of pounds worth of purchase orders .
one office may be responsible for many millions of pounds worth of [buy] orders .

Purchase decisions in industrial markets can be Categorised thus : ( i ) Straight re-buy decisions : these are standard , routine and repetitive .
[buy] decisions in industrial markets can be categorised thus : ( i ) straight re-buy decisions : these are standard , routine and repetitive .

The Computer program is triggered by a decision-rule and a purchase order is automatically raised .
the computer program is triggered by a decision-rule and a [buy] order is automatically raised .

ii ) Modified re-buy decisions : relate to purchase situations in which some kind of review is called for .
ii ) modified re-buy decisions : relate to [buy] situations in which some kind of review is called for .

In such cases there is the greatest need for effective search , analysis , evaluation and selection by those people involved in the making of purchase decisions , particularly where the item to be purchased is complex .
in such cases there is the greatest need for effective search , analysis , evaluation and selection by those people involved in the making of [buy] decisions , particularly where the item to be purchased is complex .

Purchase types Purchase decisions can be categorised into straight re-buy decisions ; modified re-buy decisions ; new task purchasing .
[buy] types [buy] decisions can be categorised into straight re-buy decisions ; modified re-buy decisions ; new task purchasing .

1 ) Multi-individual buying behaviour and the Decision Making Unit 1.1 ) Buying process roles 2 ) Marketing to multi-individual buying structures and Decision Making Units 2.1 ) Catalogues 2.2 ) Trade and technical press 2.3 ) Public relations 2.4 ) Peer group promotion 3 ) Models of industrial purchase behaviour 3.1 ) Decision process models 3.2 ) Behavioural models 4 ) Summary Questions for self-review Examination questions
1 ) multi-individual buying behaviour and the decision making unit 1.1 ) buying process roles 2 ) marketing to multi-individual buying structures and decision making units 2.1 ) catalogues 2.2 ) trade and technical press 2.3 ) public relations 2.4 ) peer group promotion 3 ) models of industrial [buy] behaviour 3.1 ) decision process models 3.2 ) behavioural models 4 ) summary questions for self-review examination questions

Purchase decisions , particularly on a straight re-buy basis , may be made by a Company 's buying department .
[buy] decisions , particularly on a straight re-buy basis , may be made by a company 's buying department .

Given the likely involvement of a variety of people as a Decision Making Unit in purchase decisions , and the likelihood of particular contingencies affecting its Outcome , it will be important for the marketing function in supplier companies to : * understand how buying decisions are made ; * understand how the Decision Making Unit is constituted ; find out who are the most influential figures in the decision-making process .
given the likely involvement of a variety of people as a decision making unit in [buy] decisions , and the likelihood of particular contingencies affecting its outcome , it will be important for the marketing function in supplier companies to : * understand how buying decisions are made ; * understand how the decision making unit is constituted ; find out who are the most influential figures in the decision-making process .

Purchase decisions may need substantial information flows , whilst a well organised enterprise will also keep up-to-date on the main trends , developments and events involving the companies from which it buys its inputs .
[buy] decisions may need substantial information flows , whilst a well organised enterprise will also keep up-to-date on the main trends , developments and events involving the companies from which it buys its inputs .

The gatekeeper role may be fulfilled by the buying department but , as like as not , that role will be shared by influential members of technical and operating departments whose expertise and experience renders their technical knowledge indispensable to the making of purchase decisions .
the gatekeeper role may be fulfilled by the buying department but , as like as not , that role will be shared by influential members of technical and operating departments whose expertise and experience renders their technical knowledge indispensable to the making of [buy] decisions .

Increasingly , they are also likely to be interested in the budgeted cost of the purchase , and the return they obtain from it ( perhaps measured in terms of payback or discounted cash flow ) .
increasingly , they are also likely to be interested in the budgeted cost of the [buy] , and the return they obtain from it ( perhaps measured in terms of payback or discounted cash flow ) .

The user will be the role most concerned with the purchase of the augmented products since , for instance :
the user will be the role most concerned with the [buy] of the augmented products since , for instance :

c ) The Influencer : purchase decisions may be subject to a variety of influences .
c ) the influencer : [buy] decisions may be subject to a variety of influences .

d ) The Decision Maker : where decisions take the form of modified re-buys or new task purchasing , it is most likely that senior functional , divisional or general management will take the actual decision to purchase , and choose the supplier , specification and product .
d ) the decision maker : where decisions take the form of modified re-buys or new task purchasing , it is most likely that senior functional , divisional or general management will take the actual decision to [buy] , and choose the supplier , specification and product .

Where major investment decisions are concerned ( say , in the purchase of a completely new computer-based data processing and management information system ) , the Board of Directors is likely to take the responsibility .
where major investment decisions are concerned ( say , in the [buy] of a completely new computer-based data processing and management information system ) , the board of directors is likely to take the responsibility .

Ideally , the top professional buyer will seek Board status as the company 's senior buyer , since this ensures his or her involvement in all major purchase decisions .
ideally , the top professional buyer will seek board status as the company 's senior buyer , since this ensures his or her involvement in all major [buy] decisions .

It will be made more difficult where a number of senior individuals are actually involved in making a purchase decision .
it will be made more difficult where a number of senior individuals are actually involved in making a [buy] decision .

Suffice it to say that a company may use public relations activities , and what is called `` corporate advertising `` to try to build up an image in the minds of target individuals and groups who are likely to be influential in purchase decision-making .
suffice it to say that a company may use public relations activities , and what is called `` corporate advertising `` to try to build up an image in the minds of target individuals and groups who are likely to be influential in [buy] decision-making .

Models of buying behaviour were introduced in an earlier chapter as a means of analysing and explaining purchase decisions .
models of buying behaviour were introduced in an earlier chapter as a means of analysing and explaining [buy] decisions .

Models were described as comprising theoretical constructs of variables which are interrelated and significant in influencing the outcome of a purchase requirement .
models were described as comprising theoretical constructs of variables which are interrelated and significant in influencing the outcome of a [buy] requirement .

ii ) Contingency factors : include the relevant economic and market circumstances that are likely to influence product investigations and purchase decisions .
ii ) contingency factors : include the relevant economic and market circumstances that are likely to influence product investigations and [buy] decisions .

iv ) company-specific factors : include such variables as : organisation size and degree of centralisation ; official purchase decision-making procedures and processes ; role of buying department and other buying process roles ; means of resolving conflicts or differences that appear within the Decision Making Unit during the buying decision-making process .
iv ) company-specific factors : include such variables as : organisation size and degree of centralisation ; official [buy] decision-making procedures and processes ; role of buying department and other buying process roles ; means of resolving conflicts or differences that appear within the decision making unit during the buying decision-making process .

v ) Expectations and past experience : there may be a variety of expectations about products and purchase decisions to be found at different places within the buying organisation .
v ) expectations and past experience : there may be a variety of expectations about products and [buy] decisions to be found at different places within the buying organisation .

7 ) Why may it be difficult for a supplier to sell his products to a company that makes use of a multi-individual Decision Making Unit to make purchase decisions ? How may it attempt to overcome these difficulties ?
7 ) why may it be difficult for a supplier to sell his products to a company that makes use of a multi-individual decision making unit to make [buy] decisions ? how may it attempt to overcome these difficulties ?

In other words , people were able to purchase a wider variety of foodstuffs .
in other words , people were able to [buy] a wider variety of foodstuffs .

For instance , non-standard or value-added lines are now frequently targeted on customer segments which seek to avoid tile purchase of standardised products , whether these are foodstuffs , clothes , computers or industrial machinery .
for instance , non-standard or value-added lines are now frequently targeted on customer segments which seek to avoid tile [buy] of standardised products , whether these are foodstuffs , clothes , computers or industrial machinery .

* Consumption Rate — consumers may be segmented on the basis of the volume and frequency of purchase .
* consumption rate — consumers may be segmented on the basis of the volume and frequency of [buy] .

For instance , a manufacturer of household detergents might aim to increase the housewife 's use of any one of its proprietary brands , and also persuade her to purchase other company products for other household cleaning , such as washing up or spray polishing .
for instance , a manufacturer of household detergents might aim to increase the housewife 's use of any one of its proprietary brands , and also persuade her to [buy] other company products for other household cleaning , such as washing up or spray polishing .

Products are grouped according to the principal benefit which customers perceive that their purchase will bring .
products are grouped according to the principal benefit which customers perceive that their [buy] will bring .

Similarly , an appropriate promotional `` mix `` may be formulated to provide the most effective communication to , and persuasion of those specific people , who make up the segment , or are likely to seek the product or its benefits within the purchase contexts that the analysis has identified .
similarly , an appropriate promotional `` mix `` may be formulated to provide the most effective communication to , and persuasion of those specific people , who make up the segment , or are likely to seek the product or its benefits within the [buy] contexts that the analysis has identified .

: family dominated , middle class owned suburban residential areas ; working class family rented residential areas ; inner city rented singles/students , bed sit/flat accommodation ; and so on ) ; ( e ) significant shopping pattern variations relative to retail provision ( and trends therein ) ; ( f ) significant variations in purchase behaviour influences ( e.g .
: family dominated , middle class owned suburban residential areas ; working class family rented residential areas ; inner city rented singles/students , bed sit/flat accommodation ; and so on ) ; ( e ) significant shopping pattern variations relative to retail provision ( and trends therein ) ; ( f ) significant variations in [buy] behaviour influences ( e.g .

: children 's tastes in bread/cakes influencing mother 's purchase patterns ; acceptance of high fibre diet and concern with weight , smoking and heart disease among middle aged , middle class men ; major competitor promotional campaigns ) .
: children 's tastes in bread/cakes influencing mother 's [buy] patterns ; acceptance of high fibre diet and concern with weight , smoking and heart disease among middle aged , middle class men ; major competitor promotional campaigns ) .

( 3 ) Research and/or describe type and purchase patterns of consumers showing heavy , medium and light/casual purchase rates of bread and cakes , relative to item ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) above .
( 3 ) research and/or describe type and [buy] patterns of consumers showing heavy , medium and light/casual [buy] rates of bread and cakes , relative to item ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) above .

( 5 ) Obtain relevant sample consumer perceptions about : ( a ) food purchase priorities and influences ; ( b ) your own products ; ( c ) competitor 's products ; ( d ) relevant retail provision relative to user type ( item ( 3 ) above ) .
( 5 ) obtain relevant sample consumer perceptions about : ( a ) food [buy] priorities and influences ; ( b ) your own products ; ( c ) competitor 's products ; ( d ) relevant retail provision relative to user type ( item ( 3 ) above ) .

It may also involve some degree of persuasion that the customer should consider purchasing the product , or should actually make the purchase .
it may also involve some degree of persuasion that the customer should consider purchasing the product , or should actually make the [buy] .

Existing tickets are valid for the new dates although refunds can be obtained if required form point of purchase .
existing tickets are valid for the new dates although refunds can be obtained if required form point of [buy] .

Though the terms of the Barber bequest originally forbad the purchase of works painted after 1899 , this stipulation has since been altered to permit the acquisition of works of art at least thirty years old — an alteration which has made possible the purchase under the present Director , Professor Hamish Miles , of important pictures by Redon , Gwen John , Leger and Magritte .
though the terms of the barber bequest originally forbad the [buy] of works painted after 1899 , this stipulation has since been altered to permit the acquisition of works of art at least thirty years old — an alteration which has made possible the [buy] under the present director , professor hamish miles , of important pictures by redon , gwen john , leger and magritte .

" ( lA ) It shall be a condition of purchase for any undertaking proposed for sale under this section that the business shall not be re-sold within a period of five years without the consent of employees in the undertaking " .
" ( la ) it shall be a condition of [buy] for any undertaking proposed for sale under this section that the business shall not be re-sold within a period of five years without the consent of employees in the undertaking " .

" It shall be a condition of purchase for any undertaking proposed for sale … that the business shall not be re-sold within a period of five years without the consent of employees on the undertaking . "
" it shall be a condition of [buy] for any undertaking proposed for sale … that the business shall not be re-sold within a period of five years without the consent of employees on the undertaking . "

In this sense the privileges and goods that pupils can ‘ purchase ’ with the points they earn provide for an effective degree of control .
in this sense the privileges and goods that pupils can ‘ [buy] ’ with the points they earn provide for an effective degree of control .

Quality finally improved with the purchase in 1974 of a wallpaper-coating machine .
quality finally improved with the [buy] in 1974 of a wallpaper-coating machine .

was one of the greatest successes of 1953 , and in 1960 Steen 's purchase of the King 's Theatre off Shaftesbury Avenue heralded a string of commercial triumphs , including One Thing After Another , which ran for three years , and , currently , Sex of One and Half a Dozen of the Other .
was one of the greatest successes of 1953 , and in 1960 steen 's [buy] of the king 's theatre off shaftesbury avenue heralded a string of commercial triumphs , including one thing after another , which ran for three years , and , currently , sex of one and half a dozen of the other .

One writer described couples entering and leaving church in the 1870s as ‘ cool and businesslike , as though having paid the deposit on the purchase of a donkey or a handsome barrow , they were just going in with their witnesses to settle the bargain ’ .
one writer described couples entering and leaving church in the 1870s as ‘ cool and businesslike , as though having paid the deposit on the [buy] of a donkey or a handsome barrow , they were just going in with their witnesses to settle the bargain ’ .

Ticket clubs were often used to purchase boots : in Middlesbrough a shilling a week was paid to a store on an 18/ ticket until the sum of 21/ had been paid back , the advantage being that the store offered more choice of goods than the tallyman .
ticket clubs were often used to [buy] boots : in middlesbrough a shilling a week was paid to a store on an 18/ ticket until the sum of 21/ had been paid back , the advantage being that the store offered more choice of goods than the tallyman .

10 . If a decision is made to proceed with a purchase , then the sequence of events could follow these lines :
10 . if a decision is made to proceed with a [buy] , then the sequence of events could follow these lines :

In the purchase of material goods , issues of quantity , quality , price and delivery are crucial in several respects .
in the [buy] of material goods , issues of quantity , quality , price and delivery are crucial in several respects .

He had irritated no one , offended no one ; he had been moderate in speech , witty in comment , generous in purchase and was now obviously amorous in intent .
he had irritated no one , offended no one ; he had been moderate in speech , witty in comment , generous in [buy] and was now obviously amorous in intent .

Of course , with this strategy being market-oriented , it is possible that one firm could purchase more pollution permits than it needed , with the intention of keeping out competitors , and the market would cease to function .
of course , with this strategy being market-oriented , it is possible that one firm could [buy] more pollution permits than it needed , with the intention of keeping out competitors , and the market would cease to function .

Capital account expenditure by local authorities ( 6.9bn in England 1984/5 ) is usually spent on longer-term items such as the purchase , construction or improvement of land , property , equipment and so forth .
capital account expenditure by local authorities ( 6.9bn in england 1984/5 ) is usually spent on longer-term items such as the [buy] , construction or improvement of land , property , equipment and so forth .

Some statutes require local authorities to submit schemes or orders to the relevant minister for approval ( for example , structure plans ) or confirmation ( for example , compulsory purchase orders ) .
some statutes require local authorities to submit schemes or orders to the relevant minister for approval ( for example , structure plans ) or confirmation ( for example , compulsory [buy] orders ) .

Following Marx 's thesis about the tendency of the rate of profit to decline , Baran and Sweezey argued that this decline led to a drop in the effective demand in the economy , as more and more money is tied up in research and development and the purchase and maintenance of machinery .
following marx 's thesis about the tendency of the rate of profit to decline , baran and sweezey argued that this decline led to a drop in the effective demand in the economy , as more and more money is tied up in research and development and the [buy] and maintenance of machinery .

The consequence was that firms came , increasingly , to produce high-technology goods which individuals could not purchase .
the consequence was that firms came , increasingly , to produce high-technology goods which individuals could not [buy] .

This process was further stimulated by the massive increase in state purchase of military and industrial equipment during the Second World War .
this process was further stimulated by the massive increase in state [buy] of military and industrial equipment during the second world war .

The fastest growing economies since 1945 have been those very economies which have not indulged in the purchase of nuclear weapons or devoted a disproportionate share of their budgets to military expenditure .
the fastest growing economies since 1945 have been those very economies which have not indulged in the [buy] of nuclear weapons or devoted a disproportionate share of their budgets to military expenditure .

For the government to raise large sums of money and redistribute them to purchase social services must have profound effects on the economy .
for the government to raise large sums of money and redistribute them to [buy] social services must have profound effects on the economy .

If that price is too high people will not purchase it .
if that price is too high people will not [buy] it .

To provide everyone with a voucher that can be used instead of money to purchase a minimum amount of that particular service .
to provide everyone with a voucher that can be used instead of money to [buy] a minimum amount of that particular service .

To ensure through general redistributive tax and cash benefit policies that all families have sufficient resources to purchase these services if they wish .
to ensure through general redistributive tax and cash benefit policies that all families have sufficient resources to [buy] these services if they wish .

Sometimes the hospital was obliged to purchase goods from the traders who were subscribers , and donors also had the right to nominate people whom they wished to receive attention .
sometimes the hospital was obliged to [buy] goods from the traders who were subscribers , and donors also had the right to nominate people whom they wished to receive attention .

Mexico was offered credits tied to the purchase of petroleum equipment , but rejected the initiative ( Philip : 1982 , p. 342 ) .
mexico was offered credits tied to the [buy] of petroleum equipment , but rejected the initiative ( philip : 1982 , p. 342 ) .

On 17 May the three major oil companies were informed by the Cuban National Bank that they would each have to purchase and process 300,000 m.t .
on 17 may the three major oil companies were informed by the cuban national bank that they would each have to [buy] and process 300,000 m.t .

of Cuban sugar in 1961 and made a $ 60 million credit available for the purchase of Chinese goods and technical assistance .
of cuban sugar in 1961 and made a $ 60 million credit available for the [buy] of chinese goods and technical assistance .

He climbed a short distance up the curve of the dome , then his feet lost their purchase and he began to slide back down again .
he climbed a short distance up the curve of the dome , then his feet lost their [buy] and he began to slide back down again .

Indeed , when a police authority has instructed its local constabulary not to purchase stockpiles of baton rounds nor to undertake training in their use , the Home Office has stepped in to circumvent this instruction by allowing police forces to hold such devices on permanent loan .
indeed , when a police authority has instructed its local constabulary not to [buy] stockpiles of baton rounds nor to undertake training in their use , the home office has stepped in to circumvent this instruction by allowing police forces to hold such devices on permanent loan .

Throughout London there are locations where unemployed youth — often black youth — congregate ; where the sale and purchase of drugs , the exchange of stolen property and illegal drinking and gaming is not uncommon .
throughout london there are locations where unemployed youth — often black youth — congregate ; where the sale and [buy] of drugs , the exchange of stolen property and illegal drinking and gaming is not uncommon .

Norman Lamont 's pre-Christmas announcement of a moratorium on Stamp Duty levied on the purchase of property is welcome news for homebuyers .
norman lamont 's pre-christmas announcement of a moratorium on stamp duty levied on the [buy] of property is welcome news for homebuyers .

The Chancellor has been able to offer this help because he has found some extra money in the Exchequer 's coffers . However , since Stamp Duty has already been removed from share dealing , why has he set a moratorium on house purchase ? Should n't the removal of Stamp Duty become a permanent feature ?
the chancellor has been able to offer this help because he has found some extra money in the exchequer 's coffers . however , since stamp duty has already been removed from share dealing , why has he set a moratorium on house [buy] ? should n't the removal of stamp duty become a permanent feature ?

The exhibition is open from 10am to 6pm daily , and there will be 150 companies offering advice on all aspects of house purchase .
the exhibition is open from 10am to 6pm daily , and there will be 150 companies offering advice on all aspects of house [buy] .

Paul Gordon , also 27 , partly financed the purchase of his house in Chatham with an inheritance .
paul gordon , also 27 , partly financed the [buy] of his house in chatham with an inheritance .

However , there are still a few lenders who will consider 100 per cent of the property 's purchase price .
however , there are still a few lenders who will consider 100 per cent of the property 's [buy] price .

Other lenders may advance 95 per cent of the purchase price and then top it up with a five per cent loan from an insurance company .
other lenders may advance 95 per cent of the [buy] price and then top it up with a five per cent loan from an insurance company .

Or if you have a number of outstanding debts , such as credit card charges and hire purchase deals , a remortgage can pay them all off at a much lower rate of interest to help you reduce your outgoings .
or if you have a number of outstanding debts , such as credit card charges and hire [buy] deals , a remortgage can pay them all off at a much lower rate of interest to help you reduce your outgoings .

Aileen Baker was delighted to find that she only needed to borrow 60 per cent of the purchase price of a three-bedroom flat she had her eye on .
aileen baker was delighted to find that she only needed to borrow 60 per cent of the [buy] price of a three-bedroom flat she had her eye on .

You can pull out of the purchase or negotiate a discount to cover the costs .
you can pull out of the [buy] or negotiate a discount to cover the costs .

now you are committed to the purchase and have to pay a 10 per cent deposit , which is non-returnable if you pull out .
now you are committed to the [buy] and have to pay a 10 per cent deposit , which is non-returnable if you pull out .

It makes sense to complete the sale of your existing property and purchase of your new home on the same day .
it makes sense to complete the sale of your existing property and [buy] of your new home on the same day .

Renting may not be better solution than home purchase .
renting may not be better solution than home [buy] .

However , Lambeth sets a ceiling on the amount it will lend with at 80 % of the property value or purchase price ; whichever is the lower .
however , lambeth sets a ceiling on the amount it will lend with at 80 % of the property value or [buy] price ; whichever is the lower .

Since the transaction is such a large one , involving the acquisition of land and buildings , there is a strict legal code that has to be followed to ensure a watertight purchase or sale .
since the transaction is such a large one , involving the acquisition of land and buildings , there is a strict legal code that has to be followed to ensure a watertight [buy] or sale .

Although residential conveyancing is its main line of business , it also specialises in commercial purchase and all forms of litigation .
although residential conveyancing is its main line of business , it also specialises in commercial [buy] and all forms of litigation .

Skipton Building Society is offering free insurance cover worth up to £250 , which protects homebuyers against losing their valuation fee if their purchase falls through .
skipton building society is offering free insurance cover worth up to £250 , which protects homebuyers against losing their valuation fee if their [buy] falls through .

Vacant possession upon completion of purchase .
vacant possession upon completion of [buy] .

Vacant possession upon completion of purchase .
vacant possession upon completion of [buy] .

End Of Chain Purchase
end of chain [buy]

The property is offered as an end of chain purchase and should be viewed early to avoid disappointment .
the property is offered as an end of chain [buy] and should be viewed early to avoid disappointment .

Ideal First Time Purchase
ideal first time [buy]

An ideal first time purchase , viewing is highly recommended .
an ideal first time [buy] , viewing is highly recommended .

The property is in excellent order throughout thus presenting a property which makes an excellent purchase for the growing family .
the property is in excellent order throughout thus presenting a property which makes an excellent [buy] for the growing family .

Having three bedrooms and two receptions , the property represents an ideal investment purchase and we therefore recommend an early internal inspection .
having three bedrooms and two receptions , the property represents an ideal investment [buy] and we therefore recommend an early internal inspection .

Offered for sale at a realistic price , it represents an ideal investment or family purchase .
offered for sale at a realistic price , it represents an ideal investment or family [buy] .

The carpets as fitted which were installed only twelve months ago are included in the purchase price .
the carpets as fitted which were installed only twelve months ago are included in the [buy] price .

Is the recipient likely to be able to purchase the goods ?
is the recipient likely to be able to [buy] the goods ?

Unless you are attracted to the look of copper saucepans , a better bet may be to purchase stainless steel saucepans with a copper base .
unless you are attracted to the look of copper saucepans , a better bet may be to [buy] stainless steel saucepans with a copper base .

The greater use of charges and the use of parental contributions to purchase quite basic school equipment discriminates against poor children and schools in poor areas .
the greater use of charges and the use of parental contributions to [buy] quite basic school equipment discriminates against poor children and schools in poor areas .

The Act converted the permissive policy , allowing local authorities to sell their houses , into a mandatory one which compelled local authorities to sell houses to tenants who expressed a wish to purchase the houses they were occupying .
the act converted the permissive policy , allowing local authorities to sell their houses , into a mandatory one which compelled local authorities to sell houses to tenants who expressed a wish to [buy] the houses they were occupying .

Sheffield City Council simply refused to implement the Act and employed two officers to persuade tenants to withdraw applications to purchase .
sheffield city council simply refused to implement the act and employed two officers to persuade tenants to withdraw applications to [buy] .

The higher local authority rents rise , of course , the more attractive purchase becomes , and this has no doubt influenced the government 's determination to push up local authority rent levels .
the higher local authority rents rise , of course , the more attractive [buy] becomes , and this has no doubt influenced the government 's determination to push up local authority rent levels .

Some of the money will be used to revive a flagging scheme , introduced in January 1989 , which allowed local authorities to award grants to those of their tenants who wished to purchase private sector houses .
some of the money will be used to revive a flagging scheme , introduced in january 1989 , which allowed local authorities to award grants to those of their tenants who wished to [buy] private sector houses .

The House of Commons Public Accounts Committee , the Trade and Industry Committee and the European Commission all expressed grave concern over the payment of ‘ sweeteners ’ to British Aerospace to make purchase of the Rover Company a more attractive proposition .
the house of commons public accounts committee , the trade and industry committee and the european commission all expressed grave concern over the payment of ‘ sweeteners ’ to british aerospace to make [buy] of the rover company a more attractive proposition .

Increased rents has also tipped the balance in favour of purchase , although this has been more than outweighed , at least in the short term , by increased interest rates .
increased rents has also tipped the balance in favour of [buy] , although this has been more than outweighed , at least in the short term , by increased interest rates .

Novices and grand master alike would find this geometric Bauhaus chess set a logical purchase . It costs £132 , Oggetti
novices and grand master alike would find this geometric bauhaus chess set a logical [buy] . it costs £132 , oggetti

And , if you 're not delighted with your purchase , we guarantee to refund your money in full .
and , if you 're not delighted with your [buy] , we guarantee to refund your money in full .

Bridging loans are short-term loans used to finance the purchase of a second property before you 've sold your previous home .
bridging loans are short-term loans used to finance the [buy] of a second property before you 've sold your previous home .

They say the trend is towards outright purchase now rather than leaseback .
they say the trend is towards outright [buy] now rather than leaseback .

There are many different types of airbrushes , and what you purchase really depends on what you want to produce .
there are many different types of airbrushes , and what you [buy] really depends on what you want to produce .

The England slalom team are collecting points in the Elf Sport In-Gear promotion , the points being used to purchase equipment for the team .
the england slalom team are collecting points in the elf sport in-gear promotion , the points being used to [buy] equipment for the team .

Temporary Deprivation of Baggage — Additional cover up to £100 to cover up to £100 to cover essential hire of personal effects following at least 24 hours baggage delay , or purchase of replacement items within the above sum insured of baggage/personal effects .
temporary deprivation of baggage — additional cover up to £100 to cover up to £100 to cover essential hire of personal effects following at least 24 hours baggage delay , or [buy] of replacement items within the above sum insured of baggage/personal effects .

If the reason for change is not one of the preceding , and there are less than 8 weeks to your departure date , then we will credit you with 10 % of the cost of the changed holiday ( if less than 14 days to departure , this will be raised to 20 % ) to be used in the purchase of any other Falcon Sailing holiday within 24 months .
if the reason for change is not one of the preceding , and there are less than 8 weeks to your departure date , then we will credit you with 10 % of the cost of the changed holiday ( if less than 14 days to departure , this will be raised to 20 % ) to be used in the [buy] of any other falcon sailing holiday within 24 months .

The price of a ticket , not be direct purchase , but as part of some loan-deal struck with small charter airlines or labour contractors , is beginning to be accessible to millions of small peasants or urban workers in Asia and Africa .
the price of a ticket , not be direct [buy] , but as part of some loan-deal struck with small charter airlines or labour contractors , is beginning to be accessible to millions of small peasants or urban workers in asia and africa .

We know oil-rich regimes purchase their safety and others a dubious new credibility in Western eyes .
we know oil-rich regimes [buy] their safety and others a dubious new credibility in western eyes .

New car hire purchase sales down nearly 20pc
new car hire [buy] sales down nearly 20pc

Central to the appraisal of new capital expenditure proposals is the estimation of the size and timing of the cash outflows required to purchase labour and materials and of the cash inflows from invoiced sales of goods .
central to the appraisal of new capital expenditure proposals is the estimation of the size and timing of the cash outflows required to [buy] labour and materials and of the cash inflows from invoiced sales of goods .

For example , if customers purchase both existing and new products and no distinction is made as and when bills are settled , the post-auditor has now way of determining the size and rate of cash flow for the new project .
for example , if customers [buy] both existing and new products and no distinction is made as and when bills are settled , the post-auditor has now way of determining the size and rate of cash flow for the new project .

The threats to our coastline are mounting , and it is increasingly important they Neptune has the funds available to purchase vulnerable coastline when it comes on the market .
the threats to our coastline are mounting , and it is increasingly important they neptune has the funds available to [buy] vulnerable coastline when it comes on the market .

Besides being able to dispense jewels and to purchase properties for her off-spring ( Gatcombe Park for the Princess Royal , and the new Sunningdale home of the Yorks ) , she is also the fount of honour .
besides being able to dispense jewels and to [buy] properties for her off-spring ( gatcombe park for the princess royal , and the new sunningdale home of the yorks ) , she is also the fount of honour .

The find on that trip lay , though , in another book purchase : Genisis by an English author , David Wood .
the find on that trip lay , though , in another book [buy] : genisis by an english author , david wood .

How was the present value of £2.5 million arrived at ? Surely , only another auction would have revealed it — or otherwise ? Was there any real intent to export the jewel ? Was the original purchase made with such a money-making end in mind ?
how was the present value of £2.5 million arrived at ? surely , only another auction would have revealed it — or otherwise ? was there any real intent to export the jewel ? was the original [buy] made with such a money-making end in mind ?

The beginner should be looking at an initial purchase of one sail to allow them to learn in light winds of up to force two .
the beginner should be looking at an initial [buy] of one sail to allow them to learn in light winds of up to force two .

And never , of course , replaced ; such a purchase would have been an unjustifiable extravagance .
and never , of course , replaced ; such a [buy] would have been an unjustifiable extravagance .

Perhaps more importantly there was the sustained expansion of the building societies , a factor which permitted house purchase at attractive terms .
perhaps more importantly there was the sustained expansion of the building societies , a factor which permitted house [buy] at attractive terms .

He was making out a case for the purchase of a .308 rifle as an extra weapon for deer hunting on the nearby estates .
he was making out a case for the [buy] of a .308 rifle as an extra weapon for deer hunting on the nearby estates .

’ She walked towards the counter to purchase the scarf .
’ she walked towards the counter to [buy] the scarf .

And in that flare and roar of lightning , Cardiff saw a hideous face straining to look directly at him as huge and ravaged claws that had once been hands thrashed inwards on the brick face of the basement , seeking purchase .
and in that flare and roar of lightning , cardiff saw a hideous face straining to look directly at him as huge and ravaged claws that had once been hands thrashed inwards on the brick face of the basement , seeking [buy] .

The rear wheels of the Fiesta spun , trying to gain purchase in the sucking ooze .
the rear wheels of the fiesta spun , trying to gain [buy] in the sucking ooze .

The idea of each institution forming a coherent academic community seems to have little purchase in reality .
the idea of each institution forming a coherent academic community seems to have little [buy] in reality .

Far from providing a new kind of experience and ‘ meaning ’ , at bottom ( on Gellner 's view ) these counter-cultures depended on the existence of mainstream society and culture for their critiques to have any purchase .
far from providing a new kind of experience and ‘ meaning ’ , at bottom ( on gellner 's view ) these counter-cultures depended on the existence of mainstream society and culture for their critiques to have any [buy] .

The standards we bring to bear in the act of appraisal have their purchase precisely because the act , or artefact , or creation , or social institution is not fixed , but has a degree of mutability about it .
the standards we bring to bear in the act of appraisal have their [buy] precisely because the act , or artefact , or creation , or social institution is not fixed , but has a degree of mutability about it .

There are , then , no fields of knowledge or endeavour where critical thought does not have a purchase .
there are , then , no fields of knowledge or endeavour where critical thought does not have a [buy] .

There has to be something already in existence — a theory , a practice , an artefact — for criticism to have any purchase .
there has to be something already in existence — a theory , a practice , an artefact — for criticism to have any [buy] .

For the Spectrum owner who is either using or considering the purchase of a Microdrive system an interface unit may be unnecessary as the Microdrive interface itself is supplied with a serial interface which can be used to drive a printer .
for the spectrum owner who is either using or considering the [buy] of a microdrive system an interface unit may be unnecessary as the microdrive interface itself is supplied with a serial interface which can be used to drive a printer .

Anybody who visited America at the time when the exchange rate was two dollars to the pound will confirm that they could purchase a pound 's worth of goods for a dollar ; that is , at half the price they would pay at home .
anybody who visited america at the time when the exchange rate was two dollars to the pound will confirm that they could [buy] a pound 's worth of goods for a dollar ; that is , at half the price they would pay at home .

What has actually happened effectively as a result of the massive exchange movements of 1984 and early 1985 is that an American citizen can now go anywhere in the world and purchase goods for the same price abroad as he can at home .
what has actually happened effectively as a result of the massive exchange movements of 1984 and early 1985 is that an american citizen can now go anywhere in the world and [buy] goods for the same price abroad as he can at home .

( concerned for the steam-engine market at the mines ) , revolted against the smelters ' power and founded the Cornish Metal Company , a cartel to purchase , arrange for smelting , and sell all the smelted ores of Cornwall .
( concerned for the steam-engine market at the mines ) , revolted against the smelters ' power and founded the cornish metal company , a cartel to [buy] , arrange for smelting , and sell all the smelted ores of cornwall .

, but his first enterprising move was to purchase the stock of John Holden , who had died in May 1652 , and to set up business at Holden 's former shop at the Blue Anchor in the Lower Walk , New Exchange , during 1653 .
, but his first enterprising move was to [buy] the stock of john holden , who had died in may 1652 , and to set up business at holden 's former shop at the blue anchor in the lower walk , new exchange , during 1653 .

In the years which followed Lowther increased the family estates through land purchase , and invested heavily in developing collieries in west Cumberland .
in the years which followed lowther increased the family estates through land [buy] , and invested heavily in developing collieries in west cumberland .

He advanced large sums to Parliament and later invested heavily on his own account in the purchase of bishops ' lands .
he advanced large sums to parliament and later invested heavily on his own account in the [buy] of bishops ' lands .

He entered forcefully into local politics , strengthening his position in the town by the purchase of properties there and allying with the enemies of the unreformed municipal corporation of Fowey .
he entered forcefully into local politics , strengthening his position in the town by the [buy] of properties there and allying with the enemies of the unreformed municipal corporation of fowey .

Unlike Lawrence , but like his elder namesake , Arthur junior was a parliamentarian , and he adventured £300 in the prospective purchase of Irish lands .
unlike lawrence , but like his elder namesake , arthur junior was a parliamentarian , and he adventured £300 in the prospective [buy] of irish lands .

Josselin gradually built up a large farm in Earls Colne , starting with a land purchase in 1646 .
josselin gradually built up a large farm in earls colne , starting with a land [buy] in 1646 .

He entered the world of company finance and take-overs in 1923 , as adviser to the Beecham family , whose pill-making firm had become entangled in property matters after Sir Joseph Beecham 's purchase of the Covent Garden estate in London .
he entered the world of company finance and take-overs in 1923 , as adviser to the beecham family , whose pill-making firm had become entangled in property matters after sir joseph beecham 's [buy] of the covent garden estate in london .

Following the purchase of a rival company in 1903 the Wilson Line became the biggest privately owned steamship company in the world .
following the [buy] of a rival company in 1903 the wilson line became the biggest privately owned steamship company in the world .

He had begun building a water-powered factory and consolidating his landed estate by purchase .
he had begun building a water-powered factory and consolidating his landed estate by [buy] .

By the 1180s his network of financial agents reached into almost every shire in England ; his clients ranged from the king of Scotland and the great religious houses to the local parish priests of Lincoln ; and his business interests involved not only mortgages , but also the purchase and sale of discounted bonds , pawnbroking , property development , and commodity brokering .
by the 1180s his network of financial agents reached into almost every shire in england ; his clients ranged from the king of scotland and the great religious houses to the local parish priests of lincoln ; and his business interests involved not only mortgages , but also the [buy] and sale of discounted bonds , pawnbroking , property development , and commodity brokering .

Somes seized the opportunity offered by the breakup of the fleet of the East India Company to purchase a number of its best ships , for example , Lowther Castle and Earl of Balcarres .
somes seized the opportunity offered by the breakup of the fleet of the east india company to [buy] a number of its best ships , for example , lowther castle and earl of balcarres .

He was still involved in the fishery in 1596 , when he took the Pilgrim of Newport , Isle of Wight , into St John 's Harbour to purchase additional salt .
he was still involved in the fishery in 1596 , when he took the pilgrim of newport , isle of wight , into st john 's harbour to [buy] additional salt .

About 1798 Rundell arranged to purchase the old-established jewellery business of John Duval , Sons & Co. ; by this means Rundell & Bridge became the crown jewellers .
about 1798 rundell arranged to [buy] the old-established jewellery business of john duval , sons & co. ; by this means rundell & bridge became the crown jewellers .

This purchase of a ‘ shell ’ company was the first time that the manoeuvre had been executed and the first time that a bookmaking company had been floated on the Stock Exchange .
this [buy] of a ‘ shell ’ company was the first time that the manoeuvre had been executed and the first time that a bookmaking company had been floated on the stock exchange .

His only luxury was the purchase of books , which filled his canonical lodgings almost to the point of impenetrability — even the bath contained the files of the Church Quarterly Review — but his library was unsystematic and lacked bibliographical distinction .
his only luxury was the [buy] of books , which filled his canonical lodgings almost to the point of impenetrability — even the bath contained the files of the church quarterly review — but his library was unsystematic and lacked bibliographical distinction .

To Christ Church senior common room he bequeathed a fund for the purchase of snuff , of which he was inordinately fond .
to christ church senior common room he bequeathed a fund for the [buy] of snuff , of which he was inordinately fond .

Ashe was a prominent parliamentarian ; but Shaw advanced £1,810 for the purchase of arms for the king 's army , and during the Interregnum he provided the principal channel of communication between the English Royalists and the exiled court .
ashe was a prominent parliamentarian ; but shaw advanced £1,810 for the [buy] of arms for the king 's army , and during the interregnum he provided the principal channel of communication between the english royalists and the exiled court .

In 1720 he speculated successfully in South Sea stock , and this enabled him to purchase an estate in East Sheen and a town house at Queen 's Square , and to consider retiring from business .
in 1720 he speculated successfully in south sea stock , and this enabled him to [buy] an estate in east sheen and a town house at queen 's square , and to consider retiring from business .

The crucial breakthrough came in 1854 , with the purchase of the United Kingdom rights of an American patent for the manufacture , by steam machinery , of a revolutionary wood-screw with a pointed end which acted as its own gimlet .
the crucial breakthrough came in 1854 , with the [buy] of the united kingdom rights of an american patent for the manufacture , by steam machinery , of a revolutionary wood-screw with a pointed end which acted as its own gimlet .

They knew what this new attack would mean to them , that more little shopkeepers would be driven out of business by the poverty of the people and their inability to purchase goods .
they knew what this new attack would mean to them , that more little shopkeepers would be driven out of business by the poverty of the people and their inability to [buy] goods .

’ Hence today such schemes will rarely lead to the creation of a special class of share ; it is only in relation to their allotment , financing , and provision for re-purchase by the company or the trustees of the scheme that there will be special arrangements which the Act facilitates by exclusions from the normal restrictions on purchase of own shares and on the provision of finance by a company for the acquisition of its shares .
’ hence today such schemes will rarely lead to the creation of a special class of share ; it is only in relation to their allotment , financing , and provision for re-purchase by the company or the trustees of the scheme that there will be special arrangements which the act facilitates by exclusions from the normal restrictions on [buy] of own shares and on the provision of finance by a company for the acquisition of its shares .

’ Certain shareholders sold their shares to a take-over bidder , received the purchase price and gave him irrevocable proxies to vote on their behalf , but , in the light of the articles , transfers were not to be lodged for registration .
’ certain shareholders sold their shares to a take-over bidder , received the [buy] price and gave him irrevocable proxies to vote on their behalf , but , in the light of the articles , transfers were not to be lodged for registration .

( 1 ) that as between two competing holders of equitable interests , if their equities are equal the first in time prevails and ( 2 ) that a bona fide purchaser for value of a legal interest takes free of earlier equitable interests of which he as no notice at the time of purchase .
( 1 ) that as between two competing holders of equitable interests , if their equities are equal the first in time prevails and ( 2 ) that a bona fide purchaser for value of a legal interest takes free of earlier equitable interests of which he as no notice at the time of [buy] .

Before deciding upon which pool to purchase or construct , it is as well to browse through one or two specialist aquatics suppliers ' catalogues .
before deciding upon which pool to [buy] or construct , it is as well to browse through one or two specialist aquatics suppliers ' catalogues .

If such a feature is envisaged , do not skimp on the purchase of a pump of sufficient size .
if such a feature is envisaged , do not skimp on the [buy] of a pump of sufficient size .

Thus , in a business which finances the purchase of a depreciable asset by issuing a debenture , the operating expense of that machine is :
thus , in a business which finances the [buy] of a depreciable asset by issuing a debenture , the operating expense of that machine is :

It was also assumed that if people had more of their gross income to spend as they chose then they would purchase goods and services that they wanted rather than the state spending money on goods and services for which there may be little or no demand .
it was also assumed that if people had more of their gross income to spend as they chose then they would [buy] goods and services that they wanted rather than the state spending money on goods and services for which there may be little or no demand .

‘ Expenditure on new construction , land , and extensions of and alterations to existing buildings and the purchase of any other fixed asset ( e.g. machinery and plant ) — including vehicles — having an expected working life of more than one year ’ ( Likierman , 1988 , p. 219 ) ; while current expenditure on goods and services ‘ includes direct expenditure by central and local government on providing services ( e.g. health or education ) … ’ ( Ibid. , p. 220 ) .
‘ expenditure on new construction , land , and extensions of and alterations to existing buildings and the [buy] of any other fixed asset ( e.g. machinery and plant ) — including vehicles — having an expected working life of more than one year ’ ( likierman , 1988 , p. 219 ) ; while current expenditure on goods and services ‘ includes direct expenditure by central and local government on providing services ( e.g. health or education ) … ’ ( ibid. , p. 220 ) .

Should clients purchase similar courses or seek alternatives ?
should clients [buy] similar courses or seek alternatives ?

Private stations often resulted from deals done by railway companies with landlords as part of the purchase of land for railway development .
private stations often resulted from deals done by railway companies with landlords as part of the [buy] of land for railway development .

After the purchase of the Sandringham Estate in 1862 by the Prince of Wales , Wolferton Station on the Great Eastern Railway became a royal station .
after the [buy] of the sandringham estate in 1862 by the prince of wales , wolferton station on the great eastern railway became a royal station .

Conveyancing services are now only covered where they are necessary to implement a court order , or an agreement made in matrimonial proceedings , or where the client is proposing to enter a rental purchase agreement or conditional sale agreement .
conveyancing services are now only covered where they are necessary to implement a court order , or an agreement made in matrimonial proceedings , or where the client is proposing to enter a rental [buy] agreement or conditional sale agreement .

; landlord and tenant and housing , and hire purchase and debt , at around 6 per cent .
; landlord and tenant and housing , and hire [buy] and debt , at around 6 per cent .

This is because Culpitt endeavours not only to provide some useful insights into such thorny issues as welfare rights and obligations as well as the concept of need ( which should be read in conjunction with Doyal and Gough 's ( 1991 ) recent analysis ) but also to chart the way in which the management of welfare has been transformed as a result of the drift towards privatization and the emerging emphasis on the purchase rather than the provision of welfare in the public sphere .
this is because culpitt endeavours not only to provide some useful insights into such thorny issues as welfare rights and obligations as well as the concept of need ( which should be read in conjunction with doyal and gough 's ( 1991 ) recent analysis ) but also to chart the way in which the management of welfare has been transformed as a result of the drift towards privatization and the emerging emphasis on the [buy] rather than the provision of welfare in the public sphere .

Vinnen , whose offensive smacked of anti-semitism in that it centred on the figure of Paul Cassirer and lambasted the critics for being in the service of speculators and dealers , called for a boycott on the purchase of non-German art .
vinnen , whose offensive smacked of anti-semitism in that it centred on the figure of paul cassirer and lambasted the critics for being in the service of speculators and dealers , called for a boycott on the [buy] of non-german art .

The annual Education and Library Resources Exhibitions could also be the occasion for direct selling , with an immediate purchase facility .
the annual education and library resources exhibitions could also be the occasion for direct selling , with an immediate [buy] facility .

After he 'd been at Mandru for a while , Lucien learned that Mandru had refused to have any more boys from Por Tanssie after his last purchase from that academy had committed suicide .
after he 'd been at mandru for a while , lucien learned that mandru had refused to have any more boys from por tanssie after his last [buy] from that academy had committed suicide .

Major overseas expansion began with the purchase of international interests of Hudson 's Bay Oil and Gas Company from Dome Petroleum .
major overseas expansion began with the [buy] of international interests of hudson 's bay oil and gas company from dome petroleum .

From 19 July you will be able to purchase from your local stores a large range of gifts — carrying our new logo — at competitive prices .
from 19 july you will be able to [buy] from your local stores a large range of gifts — carrying our new logo — at competitive prices .

the recent purchase of Sonomatics Ltd to broaden our non-destructive testing capability ;
the recent [buy] of sonomatics ltd to broaden our non-destructive testing capability ;

The three-year package , for loans of up to 90 per cent of the property value or purchase price , is fixed at 6.99 per cent and is the most popular of the three fixed rate packages .
the three-year package , for loans of up to 90 per cent of the property value or [buy] price , is fixed at 6.99 per cent and is the most popular of the three fixed rate packages .

The proceeds from the sale of this were used to purchase medals and a trophy for the winners and in addition , a surplus of £83.00 was donated to the Edinburgh Breast Care Unit at the Western General Hospital .
the proceeds from the sale of this were used to [buy] medals and a trophy for the winners and in addition , a surplus of £83.00 was donated to the edinburgh breast care unit at the western general hospital .

Fulham can now continue to lease the ground for the next decade and have the option to purchase it outright at a price of just under £8 million at any time during the 10 years .
fulham can now continue to lease the ground for the next decade and have the option to [buy] it outright at a price of just under £8 million at any time during the 10 years .

This will enable them to cover the rental on the ground and to fund eventual purchase .
this will enable them to cover the rental on the ground and to fund eventual [buy] .

Money was needed to purchase vital studio equipment and other machinery .
money was needed to [buy] vital studio equipment and other machinery .

The insurance giant has had an office in Glasgow 's West Regent Street since 1988 but it now plans to purchase the four times bigger and brighter Fitzpatrick House in the heart of the city .
the insurance giant has had an office in glasgow 's west regent street since 1988 but it now plans to [buy] the four times bigger and brighter fitzpatrick house in the heart of the city .

He said he would use the money to purchase an oil painting .
he said he would use the money to [buy] an oil painting .

The track has been used as a walkway since the closure of the line and this use has been regularised by way of purchase by the local authorities .
the track has been used as a walkway since the closure of the line and this use has been regularised by way of [buy] by the local authorities .

Although this is welcome , taken together with demographic changes and the likelihood of Lothian Health Board wanting to directly purchase a fair amount of nursing home beds , it underlines the need to maintain a stable market .
although this is welcome , taken together with demographic changes and the likelihood of lothian health board wanting to directly [buy] a fair amount of nursing home beds , it underlines the need to maintain a stable market .

The policy here is to have the vast majority of these funds ‘ up-front ’ , ie to distribute them out to the Districts to be used by Practice Teams for the purchase of individual places for individual users — what we are calling ‘ spot purchase ’ .
the policy here is to have the vast majority of these funds ‘ up-front ’ , ie to distribute them out to the districts to be used by practice teams for the [buy] of individual places for individual users — what we are calling ‘ spot [buy] ’ .

It would be cheaper , and probably simpler if all the purchase of residential and nursing home places was done by placing block contracts with big organisations , negotiated centrally from Shrubhill .
it would be cheaper , and probably simpler if all the [buy] of residential and nursing home places was done by placing block contracts with big organisations , negotiated centrally from shrubhill .

That 's why the vast majority of residential and nursing home placements , and virtually all for elderly people , will be made by spot purchase .
that 's why the vast majority of residential and nursing home placements , and virtually all for elderly people , will be made by spot [buy] .

It 's important to be clear that for the moment we are talking about the purchase of places in the private and voluntary sectors : in-house purchasing is not with us yet .
it 's important to be clear that for the moment we are talking about the [buy] of places in the private and voluntary sectors : in-house purchasing is not with us yet .

This will provide an ‘ off the peg ’ model which practitioners can use for the purchase of individual places .
this will provide an ‘ off the peg ’ model which practitioners can use for the [buy] of individual places .

Grampian and Tayside Regional Councils have agreed to purchase the Clarence franchise and Central ( Never — Ed. ) and Fife Regions may well follow .
grampian and tayside regional councils have agreed to [buy] the clarence franchise and central ( never — ed. ) and fife regions may well follow .

As far as the Department 's new responsibilities for the purchase of residential and nursing home care are concerned , we are mindful of the need to proceed cautiously .
as far as the department 's new responsibilities for the [buy] of residential and nursing home care are concerned , we are mindful of the need to proceed cautiously .

The Department will make residential placements only in residential or nursing homes registered with Lothian Regional Council Social Work Department , with Lothian Health Board , or with any other Local Authority or Health Board in Scotland , or a Local Authority or Health Authority in England and Wales ; within the parameters on assessment , cost and availability of places set out in the Government 's Statutory Direction on Choice of Residential Accommodation , the Department is in principle prepared to purchase a residential service in any such home .
the department will make residential placements only in residential or nursing homes registered with lothian regional council social work department , with lothian health board , or with any other local authority or health board in scotland , or a local authority or health authority in england and wales ; within the parameters on assessment , cost and availability of places set out in the government 's statutory direction on choice of residential accommodation , the department is in principle prepared to [buy] a residential service in any such home .

The third component in this outstanding purchase is a set of 19 manuscript maps and plans known as the ‘ Wade Collection ’ , through its association with Field-Marshall George Wade .
the third component in this outstanding [buy] is a set of 19 manuscript maps and plans known as the ‘ wade collection ’ , through its association with field-marshall george wade .

By this judicious purchase , the National Library has ensured the preservation of a significant cartographic collection for posterity .
by this judicious [buy] , the national library has ensured the preservation of a significant cartographic collection for posterity .

Tennis Courts By the closing date , 13th December 1991 , no objections had been lodged to the Compulsory Purchase Order on the tennis courts .
tennis courts by the closing date , 13th december 1991 , no objections had been lodged to the compulsory [buy] order on the tennis courts .

Tennis Courts The Compulsory Purchase Order was approved by the Council on 17th October and made on 31st October .
tennis courts the compulsory [buy] order was approved by the council on 17th october and made on 31st october .

Tennis Courts The Secretary of State confirmed the compulsory purchase order and the necessary notice that the order had been confirmed was inserted in the Scotsman on 2nd April .
tennis courts the secretary of state confirmed the compulsory [buy] order and the necessary notice that the order had been confirmed was inserted in the scotsman on 2nd april .

The Campaign 's Project Grants Fund provides seed-corn funding to help with the purchase of tools and materials for practical environmental improvement work carried out by local volunteers .
the campaign 's project grants fund provides seed-corn funding to help with the [buy] of tools and materials for practical environmental improvement work carried out by local volunteers .

The day was rounded off with a picnic and the purchase of commemorative T-shirts .
the day was rounded off with a picnic and the [buy] of commemorative t-shirts .

Royal Bank of Scotland eurocheques and a eurocheque card are widely recognised , simple and most convenient payment method for personal customers in Europe and the Mediterranean whether you want to obtain cash , pay hotel bills or purchase goods over the counter .
royal bank of scotland eurocheques and a eurocheque card are widely recognised , simple and most convenient payment method for personal customers in europe and the mediterranean whether you want to obtain cash , pay hotel bills or [buy] goods over the counter .

If your baggage is temporarily lost for longer than 12 hours on the outward journey we will compensate you for the emergency purchase of essential items up to a total of £100 .
if your baggage is temporarily lost for longer than 12 hours on the outward journey we will compensate you for the emergency [buy] of essential items up to a total of £100 .

Where the value of the investment falls below the completed cancellation notice is received , an amount equal to such fall in the purchase price will be deducted from the refund he would otherwise have received ; therefore he will not get a full refund of the money paid by him .
where the value of the investment falls below the completed cancellation notice is received , an amount equal to such fall in the [buy] price will be deducted from the refund he would otherwise have received ; therefore he will not get a full refund of the money paid by him .

Expansion through acquisition is a recognised business risk but one which , taken with intelligence and care , will result in the purchase of a business that will add growth , not problems .
expansion through acquisition is a recognised business risk but one which , taken with intelligence and care , will result in the [buy] of a business that will add growth , not problems .

Its purchase in early 1991 was followed later in the year by the acquisition of 70 per cent of Union Cervecera , Spain 's sixth largest brewer .
its [buy] in early 1991 was followed later in the year by the acquisition of 70 per cent of union cervecera , spain 's sixth largest brewer .

In some languages the grammatical encoding of topic is so prominent , that it is not clear that the notion of subject has the same purchase as it does in the analysis , for example , of Indo-European languages ( Li & Thompson , 1976 ) .
in some languages the grammatical encoding of topic is so prominent , that it is not clear that the notion of subject has the same [buy] as it does in the analysis , for example , of indo-european languages ( li & thompson , 1976 ) .

Among its specific instructions are a ban on the purchase of furniture made of tropical hardwoods and of refrigerators and other equipment using ozone-depleting chemicals , a call for the recycling of all paper used , and a ban on the purchase of skins and other products from endangered species when a suitable alternative is available .
among its specific instructions are a ban on the [buy] of furniture made of tropical hardwoods and of refrigerators and other equipment using ozone-depleting chemicals , a call for the recycling of all paper used , and a ban on the [buy] of skins and other products from endangered species when a suitable alternative is available .

The University 's aim of securing the Radcliffe Infirmary site has been recognised and is supported by the Health Authority , subject to appropriate funding being available for the purchase of the site , the value of which is estimated by the Health Authority to lie in current prices at around £20m .
the university 's aim of securing the radcliffe infirmary site has been recognised and is supported by the health authority , subject to appropriate funding being available for the [buy] of the site , the value of which is estimated by the health authority to lie in current prices at around £20m .

It will also take into account how a ban might affect the Trusts 's ability to purchase or lease land and its prospects for gifts and bequests .
it will also take into account how a ban might affect the trusts 's ability to [buy] or lease land and its prospects for gifts and bequests .

Compulsory purchase
compulsory [buy]

For the purposes of the Code and SARs , these include any rights acquired by a person by virtue of an agreement to purchase shares , or an option to acquire shares , or an irrevocable undertaking to accept an offer to be made to him .
for the purposes of the code and sars , these include any rights acquired by a person by virtue of an agreement to [buy] shares , or an option to acquire shares , or an irrevocable undertaking to accept an offer to be made to him .

Known as a `` whitewash `` , it is only effective in the case of an issue ( not a purchase ) of new shares which results in the acquirer or his concert parties obtaining a holding of 30 per cent or more .
known as a `` whitewash `` , it is only effective in the case of an issue ( not a [buy] ) of new shares which results in the acquirer or his concert parties obtaining a holding of 30 per cent or more .

( Note that a Whitewash is not available where the controlling interest is obtained by means of a purchase connected with a new issue of shares . )
( note that a whitewash is not available where the controlling interest is obtained by means of a [buy] connected with a new issue of shares . )

Purchase of own shares
[buy] of own shares

Notwithstanding a proposed Whitewash , the Panel will not usually waive the Rule 9 obligation if the directors and their concert parties have acquired shares in the knowledge that the company intended to redeem or purchase its own shares .
notwithstanding a proposed whitewash , the panel will not usually waive the rule 9 obligation if the directors and their concert parties have acquired shares in the knowledge that the company intended to redeem or [buy] its own shares .

Rule 37.1 does not impose a mandatory bid obligation on a shareholder not acting in concert with the directors unless he purchased shares at a time when he had reason to believe that a redemption or purchase would take place .
rule 37.1 does not impose a mandatory bid obligation on a shareholder not acting in concert with the directors unless he purchased shares at a time when he had reason to believe that a redemption or [buy] would take place .

The Companies Act 1985 distinguishes between a market and an off-market purchase ( s163 ) .
the companies act 1985 distinguishes between a market and an off-market [buy] ( s163 ) .

The authority conferred by the resolution may be general for that purpose or limited to the purchase of shares of any particular class or description , and may be unconditional or subject to conditions ( s166 ( 2 ) ) .
the authority conferred by the resolution may be general for that purpose or limited to the [buy] of shares of any particular class or description , and may be unconditional or subject to conditions ( s166 ( 2 ) ) .

However , the Exchange requires that the price must not exceed a price equal to 5 per cent above the average of the middle market quotations taken from the Daily Official List for the 10 business days before the purchase is made ( para 30.4 , Chapter 2 , Section 5 of the Yellow Book ) .
however , the exchange requires that the price must not exceed a price equal to 5 per cent above the average of the middle market quotations taken from the daily official list for the 10 business days before the [buy] is made ( para 30.4 , chapter 2 , section 5 of the yellow book ) .

Where the company is seeking general authority to purchase shares in the market they must state their intentions regarding the authority granted .
where the company is seeking general authority to [buy] shares in the market they must state their intentions regarding the authority granted .

The following points should be noted about partial offers : ( 1 ) The offeror and its concert parties must not buy shares in the target during the partial offer period , neither must they , or any new concert parties , purchase shares for a period of 12 months following a successful partial offer without the Panel 's consent ( Rule 36.3 ) ( although consent will normally be given where the partial offer has resulted in a holding carrying less than 30 per cent of the voting rights ( note 2 ) ) .
the following points should be noted about partial offers : ( 1 ) the offeror and its concert parties must not buy shares in the target during the partial offer period , neither must they , or any new concert parties , [buy] shares for a period of 12 months following a successful partial offer without the panel 's consent ( rule 36.3 ) ( although consent will normally be given where the partial offer has resulted in a holding carrying less than 30 per cent of the voting rights ( note 2 ) ) .

The reason for the exception is to give all shareholders an opportunity to participate in large share purchase operations .
the reason for the exception is to give all shareholders an opportunity to participate in large share [buy] operations .

( d ) when , before an approach is made , the target is the subject of rumour and speculation or suffers an untoward movement in its share price and there are reasonable grounds for concluding that it is the potential bidder 's actions which have led to the situation . Such actions may include share purchase operations and inadequate security ;
( d ) when , before an approach is made , the target is the subject of rumour and speculation or suffers an untoward movement in its share price and there are reasonable grounds for concluding that it is the potential bidder 's actions which have led to the situation . such actions may include share [buy] operations and inadequate security ;

( d ) details of existing shareholdings in the target which are owned or controlled by the offeror or its concert parties , or in respect of which the offeror has received irrevocable undertakings , or in respect of which the offeror or any member of its concert parties has obtained an option to purchase ;
( d ) details of existing shareholdings in the target which are owned or controlled by the offeror or its concert parties , or in respect of which the offeror has received irrevocable undertakings , or in respect of which the offeror or any member of its concert parties has obtained an option to [buy] ;

Turn over any order or acknowledgment form , price list or catalogue , delivery note or invoice and one is likely to find a lengthy set of terms , often in small print , which purport to define the terms upon which their proponent will supply , or purchase , goods or services .
turn over any order or acknowledgment form , price list or catalogue , delivery note or invoice and one is likely to find a lengthy set of terms , often in small print , which purport to define the terms upon which their proponent will supply , or [buy] , goods or services .

Such terms are used for a wide range of contracts ; this book , however , is primarily concerned with the drafting of standard terms to govern contracts for the supply , or purchase , of goods ( in particular ) or services .
such terms are used for a wide range of contracts ; this book , however , is primarily concerned with the drafting of standard terms to govern contracts for the supply , or [buy] , of goods ( in particular ) or services .

In recent years , however , it has become increasingly common for businesses to use standard terms of purchase to govern transactions under which they acquire goods and services .
in recent years , however , it has become increasingly common for businesses to use standard terms of [buy] to govern transactions under which they acquire goods and services .

Similarly , the buyer 's terms of purchase might contain a provision to deal with late delivery : ( a ) If the Seller fails to deliver the goods in accordance with the terms of this contract , the Buyer is entitled to terminate the contract with immediate effect .
similarly , the buyer 's terms of [buy] might contain a provision to deal with late delivery : ( a ) if the seller fails to deliver the goods in accordance with the terms of this contract , the buyer is entitled to terminate the contract with immediate effect .

The contract will therefore seek : 1 to define the client 's obligations and , so far as possible , to minimise them ; 2 to define the scope of the contract by defining which statements form part of it ; 3 to minimise the scope for variation of the contract duties , by defining the authority of the client 's representatives to make statements binding on it , or to vary the contract ; 4 to minimise the likelihood of the client being in breach of contract , by defining the client 's obligations in flexible terms : for instance , the quantity of goods to be delivered may be subject to tolerances ; or the contract may provide for the time for delivery to be extended in certain situations ; 5 to minimise the extent of the client 's liability for any breach it commits : for instance , by excluding liability for certain kinds of loss , or by placing a financial ceiling on liability ; 6 to define the obligations of the client 's trading partners ; 7 to define the consequences of non-performance by the client 's trading partners ; 8 to provide machinery to encourage prompt performance by the client 's trading partners : for instance , a seller may require interest on late payments , or offer discounts for early payment ; a buyer may contract for the right to withhold payment until satisfactory performance ; 9 to allow the client to use procedurally simple enforcement methods : for instance , terms of sale should be drafted so as to allow the seller to bring a liquidated claim for the price of the goods ; 10 to provide the client with security against non-performance by its trading partners : thus terms of sale are likely to seek to provide the seller with security against non-payment , for instance by means of a retention of title clause ; terms of purchase will seek to minimise the buyer 's exposure by allowing some or all of the price to be retained against satisfactory performance .
the contract will therefore seek : 1 to define the client 's obligations and , so far as possible , to minimise them ; 2 to define the scope of the contract by defining which statements form part of it ; 3 to minimise the scope for variation of the contract duties , by defining the authority of the client 's representatives to make statements binding on it , or to vary the contract ; 4 to minimise the likelihood of the client being in breach of contract , by defining the client 's obligations in flexible terms : for instance , the quantity of goods to be delivered may be subject to tolerances ; or the contract may provide for the time for delivery to be extended in certain situations ; 5 to minimise the extent of the client 's liability for any breach it commits : for instance , by excluding liability for certain kinds of loss , or by placing a financial ceiling on liability ; 6 to define the obligations of the client 's trading partners ; 7 to define the consequences of non-performance by the client 's trading partners ; 8 to provide machinery to encourage prompt performance by the client 's trading partners : for instance , a seller may require interest on late payments , or offer discounts for early payment ; a buyer may contract for the right to withhold payment until satisfactory performance ; 9 to allow the client to use procedurally simple enforcement methods : for instance , terms of sale should be drafted so as to allow the seller to bring a liquidated claim for the price of the goods ; 10 to provide the client with security against non-performance by its trading partners : thus terms of sale are likely to seek to provide the seller with security against non-payment , for instance by means of a retention of title clause ; terms of [buy] will seek to minimise the buyer 's exposure by allowing some or all of the price to be retained against satisfactory performance .

Conversely , if the businesss ' customers are other businesses , who may have their own conditions of purchase , it may be necessary to include provisions to deal with the possibility of a battle of forms .
conversely , if the businesss ' customers are other businesses , who may have their own conditions of [buy] , it may be necessary to include provisions to deal with the possibility of a battle of forms .

Similar information will be required , although for different reasons , when drafting standard terms of purchase for a client to use when buying goods .
similar information will be required , although for different reasons , when drafting standard terms of [buy] for a client to use when buying goods .

It is now common practice , and indeed included as part of the conditions of sale , that a deposit may be used by the seller as the deposit on another purchase , although the deposit would need to be held in that transaction as stakeholder until completion .
it is now common practice , and indeed included as part of the conditions of sale , that a deposit may be used by the seller as the deposit on another [buy] , although the deposit would need to be held in that transaction as stakeholder until completion .

The seller must be asked whether any of the fixtures and fittings are subject to hire purchase or loan agreements .
the seller must be asked whether any of the fixtures and fittings are subject to hire [buy] or loan agreements .

( i ) Related purchase Most transactions proceed side by side , and in such a case , it is important to treat them quite separately , using separate instruction sheets , separate files , etc .
( i ) related [buy] most transactions proceed side by side , and in such a case , it is important to treat them quite separately , using separate instruction sheets , separate files , etc .

Most clients who require the sale and purchase to run side by side , will be worried about ending up with no house at all , or two houses .
most clients who require the sale and [buy] to run side by side , will be worried about ending up with no house at all , or two houses .

Sometimes , a client will be prepared to proceed with the purchase on the basis of bridging finance .
sometimes , a client will be prepared to proceed with the [buy] on the basis of bridging finance .

The question of joint purchase is dealt with below .
the question of joint [buy] is dealt with below .

Not every seller welcomes such a detailed investigation of their home , but it is imperative when you are acting for a client who is proposing to purchase an old farmhouse , for example .
not every seller welcomes such a detailed investigation of their home , but it is imperative when you are acting for a client who is proposing to [buy] an old farmhouse , for example .

( i ) Joint purchase ?
( i ) joint [buy] ?

However , it is good practice to make sure that both your sale and your purchase file are kept at roughly the same level .
however , it is good practice to make sure that both your sale and your [buy] file are kept at roughly the same level .

For example , ensure that the undertaking provides for payment to the bank out of monies coming to your hands ; then if , for some reason beyond your control , you do n't receive the purchase monies this condition wo n't have been fulfilled , and you will be exempt from the obligation to pay .
for example , ensure that the undertaking provides for payment to the bank out of monies coming to your hands ; then if , for some reason beyond your control , you do n't receive the [buy] monies this condition wo n't have been fulfilled , and you will be exempt from the obligation to pay .

When the purchase price includes fixtures or furniture , these should be specified in detail in the draft , and if their value is substantial it is sometimes useful to agree and state the value at which they should be taken in order to reduce the consideration , and the stamp duty payable thereon , in the ultimate conveyance or transfer of the property .
when the [buy] price includes fixtures or furniture , these should be specified in detail in the draft , and if their value is substantial it is sometimes useful to agree and state the value at which they should be taken in order to reduce the consideration , and the stamp duty payable thereon , in the ultimate conveyance or transfer of the property .

You can never entirely eliminate human error and oversight , but this gimmick of marking replies to searches , etc , minimises the possibility of your forgetting to pass on to your client vital information that might give time to consider whether or not to proceed with the purchase , such as the fact that redevelopment of the area within the next ten years is contemplated .
you can never entirely eliminate human error and oversight , but this gimmick of marking replies to searches , etc , minimises the possibility of your forgetting to pass on to your client vital information that might give time to consider whether or not to proceed with the [buy] , such as the fact that redevelopment of the area within the next ten years is contemplated .

( 6 ) Please confirm that all fixtures and fittings referred to in the selling agents ' particulars , if any , are included in the purchase price .
( 6 ) please confirm that all fixtures and fittings referred to in the selling agents ' particulars , if any , are included in the [buy] price .

( 12 ) Please confirm : ( a ) that all gas and electrical installations are the seller 's absolute property and are included in the purchase price ; ( b ) that the electric light installations down to the bulb holders will be left intact ; ( c ) that all furniture , furnishings and fittings not included in the sale and all rubbish will be removed before completion .
( 12 ) please confirm : ( a ) that all gas and electrical installations are the seller 's absolute property and are included in the [buy] price ; ( b ) that the electric light installations down to the bulb holders will be left intact ; ( c ) that all furniture , furnishings and fittings not included in the sale and all rubbish will be removed before completion .

If exchanging contracts through the post and dealing with a sale and purchase , the steps must be carefully synchronised .
if exchanging contracts through the post and dealing with a sale and [buy] , the steps must be carefully synchronised .

On the purchase , you then post your client 's part to the other side .
on the [buy] , you then post your client 's part to the other side .

You wait for the other side to post their part back to you on your client 's purchase , thereby leaving you with the initiative to complete the exchange procedure on your client 's sale , and this you should do immediately .
you wait for the other side to post their part back to you on your client 's [buy] , thereby leaving you with the initiative to complete the exchange procedure on your client 's sale , and this you should do immediately .

( 12 ) Completion date — synchronise in linked sale and purchase .
( 12 ) completion date — synchronise in linked sale and [buy] .

Buyers are usually the people fearful of their contract being overreached who register an estate contract , but sometimes lessors will register , or require a lessee to register an option for renewal or for the purchase of the reversion contained in the lease , lest they be pursued under their covenant if , in the meantime , the reversion has been sold before an estate contract has been registered .
buyers are usually the people fearful of their contract being overreached who register an estate contract , but sometimes lessors will register , or require a lessee to register an option for renewal or for the [buy] of the reversion contained in the lease , lest they be pursued under their covenant if , in the meantime , the reversion has been sold before an estate contract has been registered .

It 's easy to overlook the need to register after a sale and purchase have been completed , for example , when acting for a seller to register newly imposed restrictive covenants , or for a lessee to register an option to buy the reversion or to renew the lease .
it 's easy to overlook the need to register after a sale and [buy] have been completed , for example , when acting for a seller to register newly imposed restrictive covenants , or for a lessee to register an option to buy the reversion or to renew the lease .

There is one exception to this rule of not searching the unregistered Land Charges Register in the case of registered land : prospective mortgagors who are buying a registered property have , as yet ( until they complete their purchase ) , no title to the registered land ; and therefore a bankruptcy or a receiving order made against them would not be disclosed by a title search .
there is one exception to this rule of not searching the unregistered land charges register in the case of registered land : prospective mortgagors who are buying a registered property have , as yet ( until they complete their [buy] ) , no title to the registered land ; and therefore a bankruptcy or a receiving order made against them would not be disclosed by a title search .

Make your title search four or five days or a week before completion ( five days if you think there may be a pending registration ) , to enable you to complete well within the period of priority that your search gives you — but remember that to gain full protection you must not only complete the purchase within that period , as with unregistered title , but must also within the same period lodge your application to register the transfer or mortgage .
make your title search four or five days or a week before completion ( five days if you think there may be a pending registration ) , to enable you to complete well within the period of priority that your search gives you — but remember that to gain full protection you must not only complete the [buy] within that period , as with unregistered title , but must also within the same period lodge your application to register the transfer or mortgage .

In the case of a joint purchase it will save time if , as buyers ' conveyancer , you have them execute the engrossment print before you send it to the other side .
in the case of a joint [buy] it will save time if , as buyers ' conveyancer , you have them execute the engrossment print before you send it to the other side .

If you act for a mortgagee on such a purchase of unregistered land , you will again need a certified copy of the mortgage document ; so be wise in time and have a spare carbon or print ( if you are using a building society or other printed form ) prepared when engrossing .
if you act for a mortgagee on such a [buy] of unregistered land , you will again need a certified copy of the mortgage document ; so be wise in time and have a spare carbon or print ( if you are using a building society or other printed form ) prepared when engrossing .

If a seller 's unregistered title on a purchase is subsequently registered , the seller 's conveyancer , on a sale , should peruse the original conveyance to the seller ( returned with the land or charge certificate ) for positive covenants .
if a seller 's unregistered title on a [buy] is subsequently registered , the seller 's conveyancer , on a sale , should peruse the original conveyance to the seller ( returned with the land or charge certificate ) for positive covenants .

Since registration is only compulsory on a purchase for value it is n't necessary to register the devolution of unregistered property on a death .
since registration is only compulsory on a [buy] for value it is n't necessary to register the devolution of unregistered property on a death .

( g ) The notes are also useful for the preparation of any report on title that may be required for your client 's bank , building society or other mortgagee , the form of which sometimes requires you to state the last purchase price , etc .
( g ) the notes are also useful for the preparation of any report on title that may be required for your client 's bank , building society or other mortgagee , the form of which sometimes requires you to state the last [buy] price , etc .

( 4 ) Make a note of the purchase price , and then , if it is correct , tick the stamp duty to show you have checked this .
( 4 ) make a note of the [buy] price , and then , if it is correct , tick the stamp duty to show you have checked this .

The standard form of transfer simply requires the conveyancer to insert the county and district , the title number , the address of the property , the date , the consideration , the parties to the transaction and any special provisions that might be appropriate should new restrictive covenants be proposed , or should the purchase be a joint purchase .
the standard form of transfer simply requires the conveyancer to insert the county and district , the title number , the address of the property , the date , the consideration , the parties to the transaction and any special provisions that might be appropriate should new restrictive covenants be proposed , or should the [buy] be a joint [buy] .

If the conveyancer for the lessor refuses to delete it , or if you act for a purchase of an existing lease that includes such a provision , you should always explain to your client the nature of the provision , its unusual nature and its disadvantages ( putting off a subsequent prospective buyer or mortgagee , delay and expense in taking up references and obtaining the licence ) .
if the conveyancer for the lessor refuses to delete it , or if you act for a [buy] of an existing lease that includes such a provision , you should always explain to your client the nature of the provision , its unusual nature and its disadvantages ( putting off a subsequent prospective buyer or mortgagee , delay and expense in taking up references and obtaining the licence ) .

These include standard items applicable to both a sale and a purchase , and those that are inapplicable to your side of a particular transaction should , of course , be deleted ; if you run quickly through the agendas this will be enough in most cases to remind you which items should stand and , which should be deleted .
these include standard items applicable to both a sale and a [buy] , and those that are inapplicable to your side of a particular transaction should , of course , be deleted ; if you run quickly through the agendas this will be enough in most cases to remind you which items should stand and , which should be deleted .

The information contained above should enable a completion statement to be prepared , and if there is a simultaneous sale and purchase , one completion statement should suffice for both , indicating whether there is a balance required from the client in order to complete , or whether there is a balance returnable to the client upon completion .
the information contained above should enable a completion statement to be prepared , and if there is a simultaneous sale and [buy] , one completion statement should suffice for both , indicating whether there is a balance required from the client in order to complete , or whether there is a balance returnable to the client upon completion .

( b ) Registered title Clearly , upon the completion of the purchase of a registered title , the main task is to collect the charge or land certificate of the seller , together with a signed transfer deed .
( b ) registered title clearly , upon the completion of the [buy] of a registered title , the main task is to collect the charge or land certificate of the seller , together with a signed transfer deed .

The following , recommended by the Law Society , is now widely used : In consideration of you today completing the purchase of we hereby undertake forthwith to pay over to Building Society the money required to redeem the mortgage/legal charge dated and to forward the redeemed mortgage/legal charge to you as soon as it is received by us from the Building Society .
the following , recommended by the law society , is now widely used : in consideration of you today completing the [buy] of we hereby undertake forthwith to pay over to building society the money required to redeem the mortgage/legal charge dated and to forward the redeemed mortgage/legal charge to you as soon as it is received by us from the building society .

When acting on such a double transaction it 's more efficient , and saves time and confusion , to keep two separate files , one for the sale and one for the purchase — never keep both on the same file .
when acting on such a double transaction it 's more efficient , and saves time and confusion , to keep two separate files , one for the sale and one for the [buy] — never keep both on the same file .

( b ) Take up references This applies to a purchase of leasehold property where the landlord 's licence to the transaction is required , and reminds you to obtain from your buyer-client names and addresses of persons who from their personal knowledge of your client can give assurance that he or she is likely to prove a satisfactory tenant .
( b ) take up references this applies to a [buy] of leasehold property where the landlord 's licence to the transaction is required , and reminds you to obtain from your buyer-client names and addresses of persons who from their personal knowledge of your client can give assurance that he or she is likely to prove a satisfactory tenant .

( a ) Unregistered land Collect the deeds and documents of title , or in a purchase of part , a marked abstract .
( a ) unregistered land collect the deeds and documents of title , or in a [buy] of part , a marked abstract .

The buyer as well as the seller will often have documents to sign ; for example , if the transfer or other document contains covenants by the buyer ( to observe restrictions or to erect a fence , or on a joint purchase ) the document vesting the property in him , her or them will require execution .
the buyer as well as the seller will often have documents to sign ; for example , if the transfer or other document contains covenants by the buyer ( to observe restrictions or to erect a fence , or on a joint [buy] ) the document vesting the property in him , her or them will require execution .

Even when there are no covenants by a buyer , if the purchase is in joint names execution by the buyers is necessary to commit them to the terms on which they hold the property as set out in the transfer .
even when there are no covenants by a buyer , if the [buy] is in joint names execution by the buyers is necessary to commit them to the terms on which they hold the property as set out in the transfer .

When your client is buying leasehold property on the creation of the lease ( as with a new flat or maisonette ) and is also the original lessee , the counterpart will of course always require your client 's execution ; so will the mortgage if your client 's borrowing part of the purchase monies .
when your client is buying leasehold property on the creation of the lease ( as with a new flat or maisonette ) and is also the original lessee , the counterpart will of course always require your client 's execution ; so will the mortgage if your client 's borrowing part of the [buy] monies .

There 's one further search that should be made on a purchase or mortgage of unregistered land : if the seller or mortgagor is a limited company , which acquired the land before 1 January 1970 , search the Companies Register to ascertain whether any puisne mortgage ( ie a mortgage not protected by the deposit with the lender of the title deeds , such as a second mortgage ) is noted in its register of charges .
there 's one further search that should be made on a [buy] or mortgage of unregistered land : if the seller or mortgagor is a limited company , which acquired the land before 1 january 1970 , search the companies register to ascertain whether any puisne mortgage ( ie a mortgage not protected by the deposit with the lender of the title deeds , such as a second mortgage ) is noted in its register of charges .

On the other hand the doctrine clearly applies to contractual terms by which the covenantee , an employer or a purchaser of a business , seeks to forbid the covenantor ( the employee or seller ) from carrying on his trade or restricts the way in which he may carry it on after the purchase and sale of labour or the business , has been completed .
on the other hand the doctrine clearly applies to contractual terms by which the covenantee , an employer or a purchaser of a business , seeks to forbid the covenantor ( the employee or seller ) from carrying on his trade or restricts the way in which he may carry it on after the [buy] and sale of labour or the business , has been completed .

It would have been tempting for an adviser to have thought in 1968 that a solus agreement involving the exclusive purchase of petrol was of sufficiently established commercial importance to fall within that class of cases to which Lord Wilberforce said the restraint of trade doctrine would not apply .
it would have been tempting for an adviser to have thought in 1968 that a solus agreement involving the exclusive [buy] of petrol was of sufficiently established commercial importance to fall within that class of cases to which lord wilberforce said the restraint of trade doctrine would not apply .

During the course of the 20th century , the general statutory approach has moved towards the gradual assimilation of conditional sales and hire purchase .
during the course of the 20th century , the general statutory approach has moved towards the gradual assimilation of conditional sales and hire [buy] .

These Acts apply to prevent dealers from agreeing to abstain from bidding at a sale unless there was a genuine prior agreement to purchase on joint account , and a copy of this agreement lodged with the auctioneer .
these acts apply to prevent dealers from agreeing to abstain from bidding at a sale unless there was a genuine prior agreement to [buy] on joint account , and a copy of this agreement lodged with the auctioneer .

( 2 ) Certain agreements secured on land , house purchase money or bridging loans ( s67 ) .
( 2 ) certain agreements secured on land , house [buy] money or bridging loans ( s67 ) .

It is significant that under s46 ( 2 ) of the Consumer Protection Act 1987 , banks or finance companies who have only acquired goods for the purposes of supplying them on hire , hire purchase or conditional sale , are not treated as suppliers for the purposes of liability for defective products and consumer safety .
it is significant that under s46 ( 2 ) of the consumer protection act 1987 , banks or finance companies who have only acquired goods for the purposes of supplying them on hire , hire [buy] or conditional sale , are not treated as suppliers for the purposes of liability for defective products and consumer safety .

Lord Morris said : The degree of precision or definition which makes a purpose a particular purpose depends entirely on the facts and circumstances of a purchase and sale transaction .
lord morris said : the degree of precision or definition which makes a purpose a particular purpose depends entirely on the facts and circumstances of a [buy] and sale transaction .

For example , where an execution only customer ( whose relationship with a broker/dealer was that of principal in respect of decisions as to which securities to purchase and at what price ) starts to take and rely on the broker/dealer 's advice as to what to buy , a fiduciary element may be introduced into the relationship rendering the clause defining the relationship as that between two principals ineffective .
for example , where an execution only customer ( whose relationship with a broker/dealer was that of principal in respect of decisions as to which securities to [buy] and at what price ) starts to take and rely on the broker/dealer 's advice as to what to buy , a fiduciary element may be introduced into the relationship rendering the clause defining the relationship as that between two principals ineffective .

Outstanding purchase price is not a loan
outstanding [buy] price is not a loan

If the rules are of an unusual or onerous nature , for example allowing the exchange to alter dates of performance , the purchase price , or delivery obligations at will ; then a higher standard of notification may be required .
if the rules are of an unusual or onerous nature , for example allowing the exchange to alter dates of performance , the [buy] price , or delivery obligations at will ; then a higher standard of notification may be required .

Even so the decision whether or not to invest in technology is an important one , and there are significant resource implications involved in planning , purchase , training and support .
even so the decision whether or not to invest in technology is an important one , and there are significant resource implications involved in planning , [buy] , training and support .

In practical terms , the school librarian or teacher may not have the authority to make a final decision on the purchase of a microcomputer but it is important that s/he has some knowledge of what microcomputers can do and what criteria should be used for selection , so that the decision made by the headteacher may be influenced by the person who will ultimately control and use the microcomputer .
in practical terms , the school librarian or teacher may not have the authority to make a final decision on the [buy] of a microcomputer but it is important that s/he has some knowledge of what microcomputers can do and what criteria should be used for selection , so that the decision made by the headteacher may be influenced by the person who will ultimately control and use the microcomputer .

The decision to purchase a microcomputer or to give advice on the purchase means that the school librarian and teachers will have to gather information in relation to the questions posed above on criteria for selection .
the decision to [buy] a microcomputer or to give advice on the [buy] means that the school librarian and teachers will have to gather information in relation to the questions posed above on criteria for selection .

Because of the difficulty of assessing software before purchase i.e .
because of the difficulty of assessing software before [buy] i.e .

The computing option for the fourth-year pupils was oversubscribed and the girls undertook fund raising in order to purchase more equipment so that larger numbers could be accommodated .
the computing option for the fourth-year pupils was oversubscribed and the girls undertook fund raising in order to [buy] more equipment so that larger numbers could be accommodated .

To protect themselves mamluks returned to their slave markets of origin to purchase boys who were then reared in existing mamluk households creating an isolated military caste to rule Egypt .
to protect themselves mamluks returned to their slave markets of origin to [buy] boys who were then reared in existing mamluk households creating an isolated military caste to rule egypt .

This provided the opportunity for Britain 's prime minister , Disraeli , to make a swift purchase of Egypt 's shares in the canal .
this provided the opportunity for britain 's prime minister , disraeli , to make a swift [buy] of egypt 's shares in the canal .

Thus an order of the court that a former council house or New Town Development House be transferred to one party of the marriage will not necessitate at the time of the transfer repayment of the discount or any part of it allowable at the time of purchase .
thus an order of the court that a former council house or new town development house be transferred to one party of the marriage will not necessitate at the time of the transfer repayment of the discount or any part of it allowable at the time of [buy] .

In the case of a matrimonial home which does not have registered title , it would seem to be accepted practice to assume that the title was properly investigated at the time of the husband 's purchase , so that all the husband 's solicitors need to abstract to the wife 's solicitors is the conveyance to the husband , any mortgage , any " sales-off " ( or other transactions affecting the title ) , and details of the covenants affecting the property .
in the case of a matrimonial home which does not have registered title , it would seem to be accepted practice to assume that the title was properly investigated at the time of the husband 's [buy] , so that all the husband 's solicitors need to abstract to the wife 's solicitors is the conveyance to the husband , any mortgage , any " sales-off " ( or other transactions affecting the title ) , and details of the covenants affecting the property .

This should be sufficient to put a purchaser on notice so that he insists on paying the purchase monies to two trustees or a trust corporation so as to obtain a good receipt ( Law of Property Act 1925 , s27 ) .
this should be sufficient to put a purchaser on notice so that he insists on paying the [buy] monies to two trustees or a trust corporation so as to obtain a good receipt ( law of property act 1925 , s27 ) .

It must be assumed that the title was properly investigated at the time of the purchase by the husband and wife .
it must be assumed that the title was properly investigated at the time of the [buy] by the husband and wife .

Alternatively , the new husband may agree to purchase the husband 's interest therein .
alternatively , the new husband may agree to [buy] the husband 's interest therein .

If the wife and new husband are purchasing the husband 's share or interest in the property for full value , then usual sale and purchase considerations apply .
if the wife and new husband are purchasing the husband 's share or interest in the property for full value , then usual sale and [buy] considerations apply .

If , however , it is agreed that the wife should purchase the husband 's share and interest , and in reality the purchase monies are being provided by the new husband , then if the husband refuses to convey his interest in the house to the wife and the new husband , it is suggested that the wife takes the conveyance/transfer in her sole name as nominee and makes a subsequent conveyance to herself and the new husband .
if , however , it is agreed that the wife should [buy] the husband 's share and interest , and in reality the [buy] monies are being provided by the new husband , then if the husband refuses to convey his interest in the house to the wife and the new husband , it is suggested that the wife takes the conveyance/transfer in her sole name as nominee and makes a subsequent conveyance to herself and the new husband .

If the husband is purchasing a house for himself with the proceeds of sale of his interest in the matrimonial home , then , as he will have to commit himself to a contract in respect of his purchase , it is suggested that there should be a contract relating to the sale of his interest in the matrimonial home so that he is fully safeguarded .
if the husband is purchasing a house for himself with the proceeds of sale of his interest in the matrimonial home , then , as he will have to commit himself to a contract in respect of his [buy] , it is suggested that there should be a contract relating to the sale of his interest in the matrimonial home so that he is fully safeguarded .

Unless monetary payment is to pass from the wife to the husband ( for instance , as in a case where the house is in the husband 's sole name and the husband and wife agree that it is to be transferred to husband and wife and held by them upon certain trusts provided the wife pays the husband a sum of moneysee Chapter 7 ) , when the husband may require such money for his own purchase of another property , a contract between the parties would appear to be unnecessary .
unless monetary payment is to pass from the wife to the husband ( for instance , as in a case where the house is in the husband 's sole name and the husband and wife agree that it is to be transferred to husband and wife and held by them upon certain trusts provided the wife pays the husband a sum of moneysee chapter 7 ) , when the husband may require such money for his own [buy] of another property , a contract between the parties would appear to be unnecessary .

If the house was formerly in the sole name of the husband it would be quite appropriate for the wife 's solicitors to insist on a full abstract of title commencing with a good root of title ( although in practice it seems to be accepted that the title was properly investigated at the time of the husband 's purchase ) ; but in the case of a house already in joint names it is thought that this could be dispensed with , the wife 's solicitor assuming that a proper investigation of title to the property was made at the time when the house was purchased by the husband and the wife .
if the house was formerly in the sole name of the husband it would be quite appropriate for the wife 's solicitors to insist on a full abstract of title commencing with a good root of title ( although in practice it seems to be accepted that the title was properly investigated at the time of the husband 's [buy] ) ; but in the case of a house already in joint names it is thought that this could be dispensed with , the wife 's solicitor assuming that a proper investigation of title to the property was made at the time when the house was purchased by the husband and the wife .

It is important to put a purchaser on notice that he will only get a good receipt if he pays any purchase money to two trustees or to a trust corporation ( Law of Property Act 1925 , s27 ) .
it is important to put a purchaser on notice that he will only get a good receipt if he pays any [buy] money to two trustees or to a trust corporation ( law of property act 1925 , s27 ) .

Unless any cash payment is passing which is required by the husband for the purchase of another property , a contract would appear to be unnecessary and is certainly not required if the transaction is to be carried out following a court order ( whether by consent or otherwise ) as application can always be made to the court for the terms of the order to be carried out ( see Chapter 8 ) .
unless any cash payment is passing which is required by the husband for the [buy] of another property , a contract would appear to be unnecessary and is certainly not required if the transaction is to be carried out following a court order ( whether by consent or otherwise ) as application can always be made to the court for the terms of the order to be carried out ( see chapter 8 ) .

If the house was formerly in the sole name of the husband , it would be appropriate for the wife 's solicitors to insist on a full abstract of title commencing with a good root of title , although it seems to be accepted in practice that the title was properly investigated at the time of the husband 's purchase .
if the house was formerly in the sole name of the husband , it would be appropriate for the wife 's solicitors to insist on a full abstract of title commencing with a good root of title , although it seems to be accepted in practice that the title was properly investigated at the time of the husband 's [buy] .

If the house is already in the joint names of the husband and wife , it is usual to accept that the title was properly investigated at the time of purchase .
if the house is already in the joint names of the husband and wife , it is usual to accept that the title was properly investigated at the time of [buy] .

Any purchaser is already on notice that to get a good receipt he will have to pay purchase money to two trustees or a trust corporation ( Law of Property Act 1925 , s27 ) .
any purchaser is already on notice that to get a good receipt he will have to pay [buy] money to two trustees or a trust corporation ( law of property act 1925 , s27 ) .

To achieve those outputs the immediate suppliers , in their turn , purchase inputs from other firms , this constituting another set of outputs ; and so on back up the supply chain .
to achieve those outputs the immediate suppliers , in their turn , [buy] inputs from other firms , this constituting another set of outputs ; and so on back up the supply chain .

If you 're interested in either the design or purchase of jewellery then a unique opportunity has come to Glasgow this week .
if you 're interested in either the design or [buy] of jewellery then a unique opportunity has come to glasgow this week .

Where a development requires the authorisation of a government department ( as do developments involving compulsory purchase orders , work requiring loan sanction and developments such as local authority housing on which government grants are paid ) the authorisation is usually accompanied by ‘ deemed planning permission ’ .
where a development requires the authorisation of a government department ( as do developments involving compulsory [buy] orders , work requiring loan sanction and developments such as local authority housing on which government grants are paid ) the authorisation is usually accompanied by ‘ deemed planning permission ’ .

But , if the refusal or the conditions prevent him from obtaining ‘ reasonably beneficial use ’ of the land , he can serve a purchase notice .
but , if the refusal or the conditions prevent him from obtaining ‘ reasonably beneficial use ’ of the land , he can serve a [buy] notice .

Redress by way of a purchase notice provided for owners affected by planning blight was introduced in 1959 .
redress by way of a [buy] notice provided for owners affected by planning blight was introduced in 1959 .

Examples include sound insulation ; the purchase of owner-occupied property which is severely affected by construction work or by the use of a new or improved highway : the erection of physical barriers ( such as walls , screens , or mounds of earth ) on or alongside roads to reduce the effects of traffic noise on people living nearby ; the planting of trees and the grassing of areas ; and the development or redevelopment of land for the specific purpose of improving the surroundings of a highway ‘ in a manner desirable by reason of its construction , improvement , existence or use ’ .
examples include sound insulation ; the [buy] of owner-occupied property which is severely affected by construction work or by the use of a new or improved highway : the erection of physical barriers ( such as walls , screens , or mounds of earth ) on or alongside roads to reduce the effects of traffic noise on people living nearby ; the planting of trees and the grassing of areas ; and the development or redevelopment of land for the specific purpose of improving the surroundings of a highway ‘ in a manner desirable by reason of its construction , improvement , existence or use ’ .

Logically they apply to tenants as well as to owner-occupiers and are given for all displacements , whether by compulsory purchase or any action under the Housing Acts .
logically they apply to tenants as well as to owner-occupiers and are given for all displacements , whether by compulsory [buy] or any action under the housing acts .

It was to prevent such problems that the Central Land Board had been given powers of compulsory purchase at the ‘ correct ’ price .
it was to prevent such problems that the central land board had been given powers of compulsory [buy] at the ‘ correct ’ price .

Compensation both for planning restrictions ( in cases where a claim had been admitted ) and for compulsory purchase by public authorities was to be paid on the basis of existing use plus any admitted 1947 development value , but private sales would be at current market prices .
compensation both for planning restrictions ( in cases where a claim had been admitted ) and for compulsory [buy] by public authorities was to be paid on the basis of existing use plus any admitted 1947 development value , but private sales would be at current market prices .

Moreover , there is a real distinction between the hardships inflicted by a refusal of planning permission ( that is , the loss of the development value of land ) and that caused by the loss of the land itself ( that is , compulsory purchase ) .
moreover , there is a real distinction between the hardships inflicted by a refusal of planning permission ( that is , the loss of the development value of land ) and that caused by the loss of the land itself ( that is , compulsory [buy] ) .

In the second case , however , compulsory acquisition at less than market price involves an actual loss since the owner is not only deprived of his property but is also compensated at a price which might be less than he paid for it and would almost certainly be insufficient to purchase a similar parcel of land in the open market .
in the second case , however , compulsory acquisition at less than market price involves an actual loss since the owner is not only deprived of his property but is also compensated at a price which might be less than he paid for it and would almost certainly be insufficient to [buy] a similar parcel of land in the open market .

Finally , though it must be generally accepted that individuals can not be protected from foolish actions based on an inadequate knowledge of the law , the situation following the 1954 Act was so complex and , because of the inevitable unpredictability of the necessity for compulsory purchase , so risky that it appeared likely ( in retrospect at least ) that public opinion would demand a further change .
finally , though it must be generally accepted that individuals can not be protected from foolish actions based on an inadequate knowledge of the law , the situation following the 1954 act was so complex and , because of the inevitable unpredictability of the necessity for compulsory [buy] , so risky that it appeared likely ( in retrospect at least ) that public opinion would demand a further change .

Though the commission could buy by agreement it had to have effective powers of compulsory purchase if it was ‘ to ensure that the right land is made available at the right time ’ .
though the commission could buy by agreement it had to have effective powers of compulsory [buy] if it was ‘ to ensure that the right land is made available at the right time ’ .

They could purchase land from owners who refused to sell for development or from builders who wished to retain it for future development .
they could [buy] land from owners who refused to sell for development or from builders who wished to retain it for future development .

and a further 2,500 acres were subject to compulsory purchase at March 1970 .
and a further 2,500 acres were subject to compulsory [buy] at march 1970 .

Their compulsory purchase powers may be useful in circumstances where the private market is not operating smoothly ( e.g .
their compulsory [buy] powers may be useful in circumstances where the private market is not operating smoothly ( e.g .

’ This may well have been the intention , but in fact the implications are clear : demolition rates are too low , compulsory purchase of homes for redevelopment is inevitable in the future ; owner-occupiers can not be trusted to be the final arbiters of whether their homes arc unfit ' ; and some existing environments may be so drab as to be not worth preserving ' .
’ this may well have been the intention , but in fact the implications are clear : demolition rates are too low , compulsory [buy] of homes for redevelopment is inevitable in the future ; owner-occupiers can not be trusted to be the final arbiters of whether their homes arc unfit ' ; and some existing environments may be so drab as to be not worth preserving ' .

In this particular case , the tenants had security of tenure as well as the opportunity to purchase their homes under the heavily subsidised right-to-buy scheme .
in this particular case , the tenants had security of tenure as well as the opportunity to [buy] their homes under the heavily subsidised right-to-buy scheme .

There is also power to purchase such buildings or accept them as gifts , sometimes in lieu of taxes .
there is also power to [buy] such buildings or accept them as gifts , sometimes in lieu of taxes .

Local authorities can also purchase properties by agreement , possibly with Exchequer aid under the 1953 Act .
local authorities can also [buy] properties by agreement , possibly with exchequer aid under the 1953 act .

Furthermore , an owner of a building who is refused listed building consent can , in certain circumstances , serve a notice on the local authority requiring it to purchase the property .
furthermore , an owner of a building who is refused listed building consent can , in certain circumstances , serve a notice on the local authority requiring it to [buy] the property .

This is known as a ‘ listed building purchase notice ’ .
this is known as a ‘ listed building [buy] notice ’ .

The money was used for the purchase by the secretary of state of buildings of outstanding architectural or historic interest , together with their contents .
the money was used for the [buy] by the secretary of state of buildings of outstanding architectural or historic interest , together with their contents .

Phrases like ‘ unauthorized purchase — not the responsibility of the company ’ rumbled around the room .
phrases like ‘ unauthorized [buy] — not the responsibility of the company ’ rumbled around the room .

Surely he must strengthen the squad although the willingness of the directors to produce the kind of serious money needed to purchase and maintain a squad equal to Man Utd 's or Liverpool must be in doubt .
surely he must strengthen the squad although the willingness of the directors to produce the kind of serious money needed to [buy] and maintain a squad equal to man utd 's or liverpool must be in doubt .

Their purchase included the Fullerton Park training pitches which are valued at £1.5million but they are not included in this deal .
their [buy] included the fullerton park training pitches which are valued at £1.5million but they are not included in this deal .

Silver Classics £25 ‘ We 've strengthened the squad this year with the purchase of Brain Deane , who has yet to flower . ’
silver classics £25 ‘ we 've strengthened the squad this year with the [buy] of brain deane , who has yet to flower . ’

An alternative to spending money on goods and services is to purchase securities ( e.g .
an alternative to spending money on goods and services is to [buy] securities ( e.g .

People need a means whereby the fruits of today 's labour can be used to purchase goods and services in the future .
people need a means whereby the fruits of today 's labour can be used to [buy] goods and services in the future .

These specialize in granting loans ( mortgages ) for house purchase .
these specialize in granting loans ( mortgages ) for house [buy] .

These specialize in providing hire-purchase finance for the purchase of consumer durables such as cars and electrical goods .
these specialize in providing hire-purchase finance for the [buy] of consumer durables such as cars and electrical goods .

Personal loans to the general public or mortgages for house purchase can only be redeemed by the bank as each instalment is paid .
personal loans to the general public or mortgages for house [buy] can only be redeemed by the bank as each instalment is paid .

( Note that a rate of discount is calculated on the face value not the purchase price .
( note that a rate of discount is calculated on the face value not the [buy] price .

In such circumstances ( known as ‘ the last resort ’ ) the Bank of England will always step in and lend to the discount houses , or purchase bills of exchange from them before the bills have reached maturity .
in such circumstances ( known as ‘ the last resort ’ ) the bank of england will always step in and lend to the discount houses , or [buy] bills of exchange from them before the bills have reached maturity .

The preferred method in recent years has been to purchase commercial , bills .
the preferred method in recent years has been to [buy] commercial , bills .

Finance house borrowing ( short-term borrowing to finance hire purchase ) .
finance house borrowing ( short-term borrowing to finance hire [buy] ) .

Why might a bank with a given amount of liquid assets be more willing to expand its mortgage loans for house purchase than to expand its personal loans for the purchase of consumer goods ?
why might a bank with a given amount of liquid assets be more willing to expand its mortgage loans for house [buy] than to expand its personal loans for the [buy] of consumer goods ?

If bills are counted as liquid , then the banks can purchase up to £1 million of extra bills and still create the full £9 million of credit .
if bills are counted as liquid , then the banks can [buy] up to £1 million of extra bills and still create the full £9 million of credit .

If , however , bills are not counted as liquid , then for each extra £1 worth of bills they purchase , they can grant £10 worth less credit ( .
if , however , bills are not counted as liquid , then for each extra £1 worth of bills they [buy] , they can grant £10 worth less credit ( .

Although it can choose whether to sell bonds or Treasury bills , it can not decide just who is to purchase them — banks/discount houses , the general public or foreigners .
although it can choose whether to sell bonds or treasury bills , it can not decide just who is to [buy] them — banks/discount houses , the general public or foreigners .

Certain firms and individuals who wish to purchase financial assets such as bonds , shares or other securities , may prefer to wait if they feel that their price is likely to fall .
certain firms and individuals who wish to [buy] financial assets such as bonds , shares or other securities , may prefer to wait if they feel that their price is likely to fall .

If people expect prices to rise , they may reduce their money balances and purchase goods and assets now , before prices do rise .
if people expect prices to rise , they may reduce their money balances and [buy] goods and assets now , before prices do rise .

Part of the excess balances will be used to purchase foreign assets .
part of the excess balances will be used to [buy] foreign assets .

Open-market operations are the purchase or sale by the Bank of England of government securities ( bonds or Treasury bills ) in the open market .
open-market operations are the [buy] or sale by the bank of england of government securities ( bonds or treasury bills ) in the open market .

If the government wishes to increase the money supply , the Bank of England would purchase back securities .
if the government wishes to increase the money supply , the bank of england would [buy] back securities .

Draw up the new balance sheet directly after the purchase of the bonds .
draw up the new balance sheet directly after the [buy] of the bonds .

Since 1981 the Bank prefers not to lend as such , but rather to purchase ( ‘ rediscount ’ ) bills from the discount houses .
since 1981 the bank prefers not to lend as such , but rather to [buy] ( ‘ rediscount ’ ) bills from the discount houses .

If the price asked by the discount houses is thought to be too high , the Bank will refuse to purchase them .
if the price asked by the discount houses is thought to be too high , the bank will refuse to [buy] them .

The authorities could restrict hire purchase credit by specifying minimum deposits or maximum repayment periods .
the authorities could restrict hire [buy] credit by specifying minimum deposits or maximum repayment periods .

To overcome many of the above problems , governments in the past , and particularly in the late 1960s , have resorted to various forms of credit rationing , such as ceilings on bank lending , requests to banks to discriminate between customers , and hire purchase controls . There are three potential advantages of credit rationing :
to overcome many of the above problems , governments in the past , and particularly in the late 1960s , have resorted to various forms of credit rationing , such as ceilings on bank lending , requests to banks to discriminate between customers , and hire [buy] controls . there are three potential advantages of credit rationing :

They add to the costs of production , to the costs of house purchase and generally to the cost of living .
they add to the costs of production , to the costs of house [buy] and generally to the cost of living .

Even if fixed investment in plant and machinery is not very interest sensitive , there are other components of aggregate demand that may well be : for example , investment in stocks , consumer demand financed through credit cards , bank loans or hire purchase , and the demand for houses financed through mortgages .
even if fixed investment in plant and machinery is not very interest sensitive , there are other components of aggregate demand that may well be : for example , investment in stocks , consumer demand financed through credit cards , bank loans or hire [buy] , and the demand for houses financed through mortgages .

Some of this money will be used to purchase financial assets , and some to purchase goods and services .
some of this money will be used to [buy] financial assets , and some to [buy] goods and services .

This provided ‘ a check from the buyers mortgagees point of view , that the money has been used for the purchase ’ .
this provided ‘ a check from the buyers mortgagees point of view , that the money has been used for the [buy] ’ .

Even in India , where Owen had served before he came to Egypt , and where in his latter years he had been seconded from his regiment to an Intelligence post on the Frontier , it had been normal practice to purchase information .
even in india , where owen had served before he came to egypt , and where in his latter years he had been seconded from his regiment to an intelligence post on the frontier , it had been normal practice to [buy] information .

Attractive Design — Design/Style is the factor most frequently revealed by Clio customers amongst their reasons for purchase .
attractive design — design/style is the factor most frequently revealed by clio customers amongst their reasons for [buy] .

Peace of Mind — All Renaults carry an unlimited mileage warranty for 12 months after purchase .
peace of mind — all renaults carry an unlimited mileage warranty for 12 months after [buy] .

The reasons for purchase given by Clio buyers contrast in many ways with the average for the supermini segment .
the reasons for [buy] given by clio buyers contrast in many ways with the average for the supermini segment .

They were another purchase that Charity had hesitated over , but Mandy had insisted that cocktail waitresses had to be subtly sexy at all times .
they were another [buy] that charity had hesitated over , but mandy had insisted that cocktail waitresses had to be subtly sexy at all times .

Moving to the ‘ library of the future ’ , many libraries have long given up their comprehensive collecting aspirations : they purchase selectively and rely on access , for example through interlending and document supply , and also on access to bibliographic and other electronic information sources .
moving to the ‘ library of the future ’ , many libraries have long given up their comprehensive collecting aspirations : they [buy] selectively and rely on access , for example through interlending and document supply , and also on access to bibliographic and other electronic information sources .

Still , Thomas Brassey the railway entrepreneur , speaking with the voice of business common sense , observed of serfdom that the crop yield in servile Russia was half that in England and Saxony and less than in any other European country , and of slavery that it was ‘ obviously ’ less productive than free labour and more expensive than people thought , bearing in mind the cost of purchase or of rearing and maintenance .
still , thomas brassey the railway entrepreneur , speaking with the voice of business common sense , observed of serfdom that the crop yield in servile russia was half that in england and saxony and less than in any other european country , and of slavery that it was ‘ obviously ’ less productive than free labour and more expensive than people thought , bearing in mind the cost of [buy] or of rearing and maintenance .

The British consul in Pernambuco ( admittedly reporting to a passionately anti-slavery government ) reckoned that the employer of slaves lost 12 per cent in interest which the capital spent on their purchase would otherwise have earned .
the british consul in pernambuco ( admittedly reporting to a passionately anti-slavery government ) reckoned that the employer of slaves lost 12 per cent in interest which the capital spent on their [buy] would otherwise have earned .

This figure is multiplied by a number of years ' purchase , which is commonly known as the multiplier .
this figure is multiplied by a number of years ' [buy] , which is commonly known as the multiplier .

( iii ) all contracts for sale or hire purchase of goods ;
( iii ) all contracts for sale or hire [buy] of goods ;

( iv ) all business contracts for sale or hire purchase of goods ;
( iv ) all business contracts for sale or hire [buy] of goods ;

One of the most useful cases is Geo Mitchell where the limitation of liability was by reference to the purchase price .
one of the most useful cases is geo mitchell where the limitation of liability was by reference to the [buy] price .

It was clear from the type of contract entered into ( purchase of seed to grow a commercial crop to be sold for profit ) that the likely loss , caused if the defendants supplied defective seed , would exceed the purchase price by such an amount ( namely the value of the ultimate crop ) that the limitation really amounted to a total exclusion of liability .
it was clear from the type of contract entered into ( [buy] of seed to grow a commercial crop to be sold for profit ) that the likely loss , caused if the defendants supplied defective seed , would exceed the [buy] price by such an amount ( namely the value of the ultimate crop ) that the limitation really amounted to a total exclusion of liability .

It is written from the point of view of the purchaser , and therefore , as again is customary , is referred to as a set of standard conditions of purchase .
it is written from the point of view of the purchaser , and therefore , as again is customary , is referred to as a set of standard conditions of [buy] .

Conditions of sale and conditions of purchase are two different sides of the same coin .
conditions of sale and conditions of [buy] are two different sides of the same coin .

Whether the quotation be an invitation to treat or an offer is actually immaterial , because the buyer will in response send back his purchase order with his standard conditions of purchase on the back .
whether the quotation be an invitation to treat or an offer is actually immaterial , because the buyer will in response send back his [buy] order with his standard conditions of [buy] on the back .

Even though the purchase order accepts on its face all of the terms of the seller 's quotation , and even if the quotation had the status of an offer , the purchase order will not qualify as an acceptance .
even though the [buy] order accepts on its face all of the terms of the seller 's quotation , and even if the quotation had the status of an offer , the [buy] order will not qualify as an acceptance .

This is because in the purchase conditions there will be a provision stating that any contract entered into pursuant to the purchase order will be on the standard conditions of purchase on the back of the order ( see the preliminary statement and cl 1.1 of Precedent 2 ) .
this is because in the [buy] conditions there will be a provision stating that any contract entered into pursuant to the [buy] order will be on the standard conditions of [buy] on the back of the order ( see the preliminary statement and cl 1.1 of precedent 2 ) .

Thus the purchase order is either an offer or a counter-offer , but in neither event does the contract come into existence at this stage .
thus the [buy] order is either an offer or a counter-offer , but in neither event does the contract come into existence at this stage .

In this case , contrary to the wishes of the seller , the buyer 's conditions will govern the contract , because the seller has , in effect , accepted the counter-offer of the buyer , contained in the purchase order , to do business on the buyer 's conditions .
in this case , contrary to the wishes of the seller , the buyer 's conditions will govern the contract , because the seller has , in effect , accepted the counter-offer of the buyer , contained in the [buy] order , to do business on the buyer 's conditions .

The buyer provides the seller with , and encourages him to return , a standard acknowledgement which acts as an unconditional acceptance of the purchase order , thus bringing the contract into existence on the standard terms on the back of the purchase order .
the buyer provides the seller with , and encourages him to return , a standard acknowledgement which acts as an unconditional acceptance of the [buy] order , thus bringing the contract into existence on the standard terms on the back of the [buy] order .

The buyer naturally has the opposite concern and , in the absence of a formal back to back contract , when one is dealing with standard conditions of purchase the best that can be accomplished is to incorporate a provision like cl 1.3 of Precedent 2 , which notifies the seller of the possibility of prime contracts , and attempts to impose their terms upon the seller , coupled with an opportunity for the seller to examine them and a warning that they will apply , even if not examined .
the buyer naturally has the opposite concern and , in the absence of a formal back to back contract , when one is dealing with standard conditions of [buy] the best that can be accomplished is to incorporate a provision like cl 1.3 of precedent 2 , which notifies the seller of the possibility of prime contracts , and attempts to impose their terms upon the seller , coupled with an opportunity for the seller to examine them and a warning that they will apply , even if not examined .

However , in the commercial world , in the context of conditions of sale and purchase , the terms are used interchangeably to refer to express remedies granted in the contract by the seller to the buyer in respect of defective goods or workmanship .
however , in the commercial world , in the context of conditions of sale and [buy] , the terms are used interchangeably to refer to express remedies granted in the contract by the seller to the buyer in respect of defective goods or workmanship .

Superficially , the approach is the same whether the remedy is contained in conditions of sale or conditions of purchase , and in many cases the wording of the remedies may be very similar indeed .
superficially , the approach is the same whether the remedy is contained in conditions of sale or conditions of [buy] , and in many cases the wording of the remedies may be very similar indeed .

The remedy of purchase from a third party , with the consequent obligation on the seller to pay the increase in the purchase price , is broadly similar to that available at common law , but , again , the express clause imports a certain amount of flexibility in the area of the price paid for third party goods ( for instance a premium might have to be paid for quick delivery to meet the buyer 's original timescales ) , and as to how closely their specification need resemble the original goods .
the remedy of [buy] from a third party , with the consequent obligation on the seller to pay the increase in the [buy] price , is broadly similar to that available at common law , but , again , the express clause imports a certain amount of flexibility in the area of the price paid for third party goods ( for instance a premium might have to be paid for quick delivery to meet the buyer 's original timescales ) , and as to how closely their specification need resemble the original goods .

In addition such clauses also normally give the seller the options of trying to alter the goods so that they are no longer infringing , buying the third party claimant out by obtaining a licence from him , or , in the last resort , taking back the goods in return for a refund of their purchase price ; all of these at the seller 's expense .
in addition such clauses also normally give the seller the options of trying to alter the goods so that they are no longer infringing , buying the third party claimant out by obtaining a licence from him , or , in the last resort , taking back the goods in return for a refund of their [buy] price ; all of these at the seller 's expense .

The forecast mechanism proposed here is one which is much to the advantage of the buyer , since it carries no obligation upon the buyer to purchase all or any of the forecast quantities .
the forecast mechanism proposed here is one which is much to the advantage of the buyer , since it carries no obligation upon the buyer to [buy] all or any of the forecast quantities .

In some versions of this type of forecasting , the buyer is obliged to purchase the requirements detailed in the first three months of the rolling forecast , so that , in effect , as he rolls his forecast on , he places an order for the first three months ' requirements and forecasts those of the next nine months .
in some versions of this type of forecasting , the buyer is obliged to [buy] the requirements detailed in the first three months of the rolling forecast , so that , in effect , as he rolls his forecast on , he places an order for the first three months ' requirements and forecasts those of the next nine months .

It is weighted in the seller 's favour , as it has no upper limit , or other pre-conditions to the obligation to purchase .
it is weighted in the seller 's favour , as it has no upper limit , or other pre-conditions to the obligation to [buy] .

The seller has no difficulty in producing them for the buyer in any quantity provided he has sufficient notice to schedule production , and purchase needed materials and components .
the seller has no difficulty in producing them for the buyer in any quantity provided he has sufficient notice to schedule production , and [buy] needed materials and components .

However , in such a case , since the seller may well have to take on commitments , either to purchase materials and components or to manufacture without order cover , so that he can be ready to supply the forecast requirements if ordered , the buyer must take some responsibility if he does not purchase up to his forecast .
however , in such a case , since the seller may well have to take on commitments , either to [buy] materials and components or to manufacture without order cover , so that he can be ready to supply the forecast requirements if ordered , the buyer must take some responsibility if he does not [buy] up to his forecast .

This may take the form of an agreement to purchase a minimum percentage of the forecast , or to compensate the seller for excess work in progress or inventories .
this may take the form of an agreement to [buy] a minimum percentage of the forecast , or to compensate the seller for excess work in progress or inventories .

In this connection , Precedent 3 imposes a minimum purchase obligation ( see cl 4.6 ) and , as already stated , a buy-back on termination provision ( see cl 7.4 ) .
in this connection , precedent 3 imposes a minimum [buy] obligation ( see cl 4.6 ) and , as already stated , a buy-back on termination provision ( see cl 7.4 ) .

Exclusive purchase obligations are in general permissible under various competition law regimes , but buyers , for obvious reasons , tend to avoid them .
exclusive [buy] obligations are in general permissible under various competition law regimes , but buyers , for obvious reasons , tend to avoid them .

Purchase conditions
[buy] conditions

1.3 If the goods and/or the work the subject of this order are to be used in carrying out or otherwise in connection with another contract specified overleaf this order shall be subject to the contract conditions of such specified contract in so far as the same are applicable and do not conflict with these purchase conditions .
1.3 if the goods and/or the work the subject of this order are to be used in carrying out or otherwise in connection with another contract specified overleaf this order shall be subject to the contract conditions of such specified contract in so far as the same are applicable and do not conflict with these [buy] conditions .

In the event of our cancelling this order as to all or any of the goods and/or the work covered thereby we shall be entitled to purchase from a third party a like quantity of goods of similar description and quality , or a reasonable alternative thereto , bearing in mind our need to take delivery of the goods by the date specified overleaf , or to contract with a third party to perform work of a similar description and quality , and in that event you shall be liable to reimburse to us on demand all expenditure incurred by us in connection with our said cancellation , including any increase in the price over that stated overleaf .
in the event of our cancelling this order as to all or any of the goods and/or the work covered thereby we shall be entitled to [buy] from a third party a like quantity of goods of similar description and quality , or a reasonable alternative thereto , bearing in mind our need to take delivery of the goods by the date specified overleaf , or to contract with a third party to perform work of a similar description and quality , and in that event you shall be liable to reimburse to us on demand all expenditure incurred by us in connection with our said cancellation , including any increase in the price over that stated overleaf .

4.4 The Company will place purchase orders with the Supplier for quantities of the Products as and when required , and the Supplier shall accept the same , provided that all such orders will be placed so as to allow to the Supplier at least 90 days for delivery .
4.4 the company will place [buy] orders with the supplier for quantities of the products as and when required , and the supplier shall accept the same , provided that all such orders will be placed so as to allow to the supplier at least 90 days for delivery .

4.6 The Company undertakes , notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Clause , to purchase in each year of the currency of this Agreement not less than the minimum amount of the Products ( by value ) set out for that year in Schedule 4 hereto .
4.6 the company undertakes , notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this clause , to [buy] in each year of the currency of this agreement not less than the minimum amount of the products ( by value ) set out for that year in schedule 4 hereto .

While this Agreement is in force the Company undertakes not to purchase the Products from any person other than the Supplier or to manufacture the Products itself whether directly or indirectly .
while this agreement is in force the company undertakes not to [buy] the products from any person other than the supplier or to manufacture the products itself whether directly or indirectly .

7.2 If the Supplier shall become substantially unable , whether for reasons within or beyond its control , to fulfil its obligations to supply the Products to the Company in accordance with any purchase orders outstanding at any time and , ( after the Company has notified the Supplier in writing of such default ) the Supplier shall not have remedied the same within a period of 90 days from the receipt of such notice , then the Company shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement forthwith , and obtain supplies of the Products from third parties .
7.2 if the supplier shall become substantially unable , whether for reasons within or beyond its control , to fulfil its obligations to supply the products to the company in accordance with any [buy] orders outstanding at any time and , ( after the company has notified the supplier in writing of such default ) the supplier shall not have remedied the same within a period of 90 days from the receipt of such notice , then the company shall be entitled to terminate this agreement forthwith , and obtain supplies of the products from third parties .

7.3 Termination under this Clause shall be without prejudice to the fulfilment of purchase orders wholly or partially outstanding at the date of such termination , and likewise shall not prejudice or affect any right of action or remedy which shall have accrued or shall accrue thereafter under this Agreement to either party .
7.3 termination under this clause shall be without prejudice to the fulfilment of [buy] orders wholly or partially outstanding at the date of such termination , and likewise shall not prejudice or affect any right of action or remedy which shall have accrued or shall accrue thereafter under this agreement to either party .

7.4 In addition to this obligation under cl 7.3 , upon termination of this Agreement for whatever cause ( including effluxion of time ) the Company shall purchase from the Supplier all stocks of finished Products held by the Supplier which are not covered by purchase orders together with all stocks of unused packaging materials for the Products which are either held by the Supplier or which the Supplier is already obliged to purchase from third parties .
7.4 in addition to this obligation under cl 7.3 , upon termination of this agreement for whatever cause ( including effluxion of time ) the company shall [buy] from the supplier all stocks of finished products held by the supplier which are not covered by [buy] orders together with all stocks of unused packaging materials for the products which are either held by the supplier or which the supplier is already obliged to [buy] from third parties .

Act 1974 , I/we [ ] of [ ] having agreed to purchase [ ] ( `` the Article `` ) for use at work , hereby undertake in accordance with the above Section that I/we will implement the Specified Steps as set out below in order to ensure , so far as reasonably practicable , that the Article will be safe and without risks to health when properly so used .
act 1974 , i/we [ ] of [ ] having agreed to [buy] [ ] ( `` the article `` ) for use at work , hereby undertake in accordance with the above section that i/we will implement the specified steps as set out below in order to ensure , so far as reasonably practicable , that the article will be safe and without risks to health when properly so used .

It is thought that the presumption contained in subs ( 3 ) in relation to the purchase of land would be applied by analogy in the event of a dispute over the ownership of other assets purchased in similar circumstances .
it is thought that the presumption contained in subs ( 3 ) in relation to the [buy] of land would be applied by analogy in the event of a dispute over the ownership of other assets purchased in similar circumstances .

Acquisition of the share of one partner by another is an exception to the duty of good faith in so far as the acquiring partner is not obliged to inform his co-partners of his purchase .
acquisition of the share of one partner by another is an exception to the duty of good faith in so far as the acquiring partner is not obliged to inform his co-partners of his [buy] .

By far the most effective arrangements presently available are those which : ( 1 ) provide for the continuing partners to have the option to acquire the share in the firm of an outgoing partner ( which overcomes the tax problems noted in Chapter 10 and offers some desirable freedom of manoeuvre to the continuing partners without ordinarily causing any disadvantage to the outgoing partner ) ; ( 2 ) finance the purchase of the share of a partner who dies before retirement by way of insurance effected on the lives of each of the partners the proceeds of which are declared to be held on trust for the partners for the time being ; ( 3 ) finance by endowment insurance the purchase of the shares of partners whose retirement can be predicted ; ( 4 ) ensure that in any case which is not or can not be sufficiently covered by available insurance ( eg payments to a partner who is expelled or who otherwise leaves the firm before normal retirement date ) payment of any capital sum is spread over a period so to reduce the burden on the continuing partners without imposing any great hardship on the outgoing partner or his estate ; and ( 5 ) impose on each partner an obligation ( Clause 14.02 ) to take out adequate ( as discussed with all the partners from time to time ) retirement provision for the benefit of himself and his familyso as not to impose any burden in that respect on the firm , which in former times would have accepted responsibility .
by far the most effective arrangements presently available are those which : ( 1 ) provide for the continuing partners to have the option to acquire the share in the firm of an outgoing partner ( which overcomes the tax problems noted in chapter 10 and offers some desirable freedom of manoeuvre to the continuing partners without ordinarily causing any disadvantage to the outgoing partner ) ; ( 2 ) finance the [buy] of the share of a partner who dies before retirement by way of insurance effected on the lives of each of the partners the proceeds of which are declared to be held on trust for the partners for the time being ; ( 3 ) finance by endowment insurance the [buy] of the shares of partners whose retirement can be predicted ; ( 4 ) ensure that in any case which is not or can not be sufficiently covered by available insurance ( eg payments to a partner who is expelled or who otherwise leaves the firm before normal retirement date ) payment of any capital sum is spread over a period so to reduce the burden on the continuing partners without imposing any great hardship on the outgoing partner or his estate ; and ( 5 ) impose on each partner an obligation ( clause 14.02 ) to take out adequate ( as discussed with all the partners from time to time ) retirement provision for the benefit of himself and his familyso as not to impose any burden in that respect on the firm , which in former times would have accepted responsibility .

Equally , in practice , there will be many matters calling for decision where to insist on unanimity would be time-consuming and probably tendentious — the purchase of books for the library , decoration of the premises , recruitment of additional secretarial staff , and similar matters of an essentially administrative nature .
equally , in practice , there will be many matters calling for decision where to insist on unanimity would be time-consuming and probably tendentious — the [buy] of books for the library , decoration of the premises , recruitment of additional secretarial staff , and similar matters of an essentially administrative nature .

The financial strain on the firm can be eased by : ( 1 ) effecting sufficient insurance cover ( see Chapter 5 ) ; ( 2 ) the inclusion of suitable provisions ( Clause 20 ) in the partnership deed clearly setting out the procedures to be adopted for the continuing partners to have the option to purchase the deceased 's share from his estate on an appropriate time scale or providing for an automatic accruer to the surviving partners ; ( 3 ) the inclusion of provisions in the deceased 's will enlarging the discretion of the personal representatives as to the time for realisation of assets in the estate and generally as to arrangements which may be concluded with the continuing partners ; and ( 4 ) where ( which is not unusual ) one of the personal representatives is a continuing partner , the inclusion in the will of specific authority for that partner in his capacity as personal representative and trustee to conclude agreements with the firm .
the financial strain on the firm can be eased by : ( 1 ) effecting sufficient insurance cover ( see chapter 5 ) ; ( 2 ) the inclusion of suitable provisions ( clause 20 ) in the partnership deed clearly setting out the procedures to be adopted for the continuing partners to have the option to [buy] the deceased 's share from his estate on an appropriate time scale or providing for an automatic accruer to the surviving partners ; ( 3 ) the inclusion of provisions in the deceased 's will enlarging the discretion of the personal representatives as to the time for realisation of assets in the estate and generally as to arrangements which may be concluded with the continuing partners ; and ( 4 ) where ( which is not unusual ) one of the personal representatives is a continuing partner , the inclusion in the will of specific authority for that partner in his capacity as personal representative and trustee to conclude agreements with the firm .

Automatic accruer is perhaps more commonly used by professional partnerships ( and has the practical advantage of not being dependent upon compliance with a prescribed timetable ) but there is considerable uncertainty as to whether such an arrangement should be regarded as a binding contract for the sale and purchase of the partnership share so as to take its value outside the scope of business property relief for the purposes of Inheritance Tax ( see Chapter 10 ) .
automatic accruer is perhaps more commonly used by professional partnerships ( and has the practical advantage of not being dependent upon compliance with a prescribed timetable ) but there is considerable uncertainty as to whether such an arrangement should be regarded as a binding contract for the sale and [buy] of the partnership share so as to take its value outside the scope of business property relief for the purposes of inheritance tax ( see chapter 10 ) .

( 2 ) Provided that where by the partnership contract an option is given to surviving or continuing partners to purchase the interest of a deceased or outgoing partner , and that option is duly exercised , the estate of the deceased partner , or the outgoing partner or his estate , as the case may be , is not entitled to any further or other share of profits ; but if any partner assuming to act in exercise of the option does not in all material respects comply with the terms thereof , he is liable to account under the foregoing provisions of this section .
( 2 ) provided that where by the partnership contract an option is given to surviving or continuing partners to [buy] the interest of a deceased or outgoing partner , and that option is duly exercised , the estate of the deceased partner , or the outgoing partner or his estate , as the case may be , is not entitled to any further or other share of profits ; but if any partner assuming to act in exercise of the option does not in all material respects comply with the terms thereof , he is liable to account under the foregoing provisions of this section .

An option may say that the price for the purchase at that future date will be determined by a valuer acting as an expert if the parties can not agree on the price at that time .
an option may say that the price for the [buy] at that future date will be determined by a valuer acting as an expert if the parties can not agree on the price at that time .

Chapter 4 considers the use of expert determination for the valuation of assets or liabilities transferred by agreements for the sale and purchase of businesses and companies .
chapter 4 considers the use of expert determination for the valuation of assets or liabilities transferred by agreements for the sale and [buy] of businesses and companies .

Surveyors acting as experts sometimes decide the purchase price of land to be paid under contracts between vendor and purchaser .
surveyors acting as experts sometimes decide the [buy] price of land to be paid under contracts between vendor and purchaser .

2.2.2 Options to purchase successive plots
2.2.2 options to [buy] successive plots

Surveyors acting as experts also decide the purchase price of freehold land subject to option agreements .
surveyors acting as experts also decide the [buy] price of freehold land subject to option agreements .

Sale and Purchase of Businesses and Companies
sale and [buy] of businesses and companies

This chapter deals with the use of expert determination in agreements for the sale and purchase of businesses and companies , and , in particular : ( 1 ) the certification of figures in accounts and the determination of issues such as net asset value ( 4.2 ) ; ( 2 ) the determination by actuaries of the values of pension rights transferred ( 4.3 ) ; and ( 3 ) the determination of tax liabilities ( 4.4 ) .
this chapter deals with the use of expert determination in agreements for the sale and [buy] of businesses and companies , and , in particular : ( 1 ) the certification of figures in accounts and the determination of issues such as net asset value ( 4.2 ) ; ( 2 ) the determination by actuaries of the values of pension rights transferred ( 4.3 ) ; and ( 3 ) the determination of tax liabilities ( 4.4 ) .

Agreements for the sale and purchase of shares in companies and the sale and purchase of businesses often provide that the amounts of the profits ( or losses ) of a company or business are to be certified by accountants .
agreements for the sale and [buy] of shares in companies and the sale and [buy] of businesses often provide that the amounts of the profits ( or losses ) of a company or business are to be certified by accountants .

The issues accountants have to decide are the same whether the vendors are entitled to their deferred consideration or the purchasers are entitled to repayment of part of the purchase price because of breach of warranty .
the issues accountants have to decide are the same whether the vendors are entitled to their deferred consideration or the purchasers are entitled to repayment of part of the [buy] price because of breach of warranty .

In certain cases , the accountants prepare the accounts of the company or business on predetermined bases or principles , which may be quite complex , and which will have been set out in the sale and purchase agreement .
in certain cases , the accountants prepare the accounts of the company or business on predetermined bases or principles , which may be quite complex , and which will have been set out in the sale and [buy] agreement .

Amounts which are commonly established by accountants ' certificates in sale and purchase of business agreements include : ( 1 ) profits , losses and sales ; ( 2 ) the value of the stock ; ( 3 ) apportionments between vendor and purchaser ; ( 4 ) the turnover of service businesses and the value of service contracts ; ( 5 ) the evaluation of loan portfolios of banks ; ( 6 ) the net asset value of a company or business at a particular date ; and ( 7 ) the cost of repairing or replacing an asset transferred with the business .
amounts which are commonly established by accountants ' certificates in sale and [buy] of business agreements include : ( 1 ) profits , losses and sales ; ( 2 ) the value of the stock ; ( 3 ) apportionments between vendor and purchaser ; ( 4 ) the turnover of service businesses and the value of service contracts ; ( 5 ) the evaluation of loan portfolios of banks ; ( 6 ) the net asset value of a company or business at a particular date ; and ( 7 ) the cost of repairing or replacing an asset transferred with the business .

Typically the customer selects the equipment from the supplier , and the finance lessor buys it and leases it to the customer on rentals calculated to pay off the purchase price plus interest .
typically the customer selects the equipment from the supplier , and the finance lessor buys it and leases it to the customer on rentals calculated to pay off the [buy] price plus interest .

Unlike a lender , however , the lessor can claim capital allowances on the purchase price , normally at 25 per cent per annum of the reducing balance .
unlike a lender , however , the lessor can claim capital allowances on the [buy] price , normally at 25 per cent per annum of the reducing balance .

The completion date for the purchase of the land or the date when rent starts to be payable by the tenant is triggered by the issue of the certificate of practical completion of the building being bought or leased .
the completion date for the [buy] of the land or the date when rent starts to be payable by the tenant is triggered by the issue of the certificate of practical completion of the building being bought or leased .

( 2 ) An agreement for the sale and purchase of a business may
( 2 ) an agreement for the sale and [buy] of a business may

In Jones v Sherwood ( cited at 13.6.1 ) there was a sale and purchase agreement with part of the consideration deferred .
in jones v sherwood ( cited at 13.6.1 ) there was a sale and [buy] agreement with part of the consideration deferred .

13.7.4 Burgess v Purchase
13.7.4 burgess v [buy]

Johnston v Chestergate ( cited at 13.7.2 ) was the principal authority relied on in Burgess v Purchase & Sons ( Farms ) Ltd [ 1983 ] Ch 216 , where auditors explained how their valuation of the shares in question had been arrived at .
johnston v chestergate ( cited at 13.7.2 ) was the principal authority relied on in burgess v [buy] & sons ( farms ) ltd [ 1983 ] ch 216 , where auditors explained how their valuation of the shares in question had been arrived at .

In a recent case , Bridger Properties Ltd v Dovey Holdings ( South Wales ) Ltd ( 1991 ) unreported , Chancery Division , 25 June : discussed at 7.4.4 ) the court did not consider the guidelines at all but simply observed that nothing could be more `` uncommercial `` than to make the date for completion of a contract for sale and purchase of land turn upon the determination of an arbitrator .
in a recent case , bridger properties ltd v dovey holdings ( south wales ) ltd ( 1991 ) unreported , chancery division , 25 june : discussed at 7.4.4 ) the court did not consider the guidelines at all but simply observed that nothing could be more `` uncommercial `` than to make the date for completion of a contract for sale and [buy] of land turn upon the determination of an arbitrator .

Since the capital value of an investment is determined by a multiple of the rent , and the multiplier ( or years ' purchase ) is the reciprocal of the yield , the lower the yield , the higher the capital value of the investment .
since the capital value of an investment is determined by a multiple of the rent , and the multiplier ( or years ' [buy] ) is the reciprocal of the yield , the lower the yield , the higher the capital value of the investment .

Secondly , he may provide for the premium to be decapitalised , either at a fixed number of years ' purchase or at the rate prevailing at the time of the subletting , with the amount thus calculated being added to the rent reserved by the sublease for the purposes of the rent review under the headlease .
secondly , he may provide for the premium to be decapitalised , either at a fixed number of years ' [buy] or at the rate prevailing at the time of the subletting , with the amount thus calculated being added to the rent reserved by the sublease for the purposes of the rent review under the headlease .

Section 320 Companies Act 1985 provides that if a director of a company or its parent or holding company , or a person connected with him , enters into a contract with the company , under which the director or person connected with him agrees to purchase the company or assets ( other than cash ) of the company exceeding a certain value , then the contract must be approved in a general meeting by ordinary resolution .
section 320 companies act 1985 provides that if a director of a company or its parent or holding company , or a person connected with him , enters into a contract with the company , under which the director or person connected with him agrees to [buy] the company or assets ( other than cash ) of the company exceeding a certain value , then the contract must be approved in a general meeting by ordinary resolution .

As long as the clause is sensible , and is to fall away when the sale and purchase agreement is signed , neither the investors nor their advisers should have any objection .
as long as the clause is sensible , and is to fall away when the sale and [buy] agreement is signed , neither the investors nor their advisers should have any objection .

The equity investors will wish to commission a thorough investigation of the business — `` due diligence `` — before committing themselves to the purchase .
the equity investors will wish to commission a thorough investigation of the business — `` due diligence `` — before committing themselves to the [buy] .

On the face of it this is unlikely to be acceptable to the vendor since in effect it gives an option to purchase , though it may be more acceptable if the period allowed for preparing the report is short .
on the face of it this is unlikely to be acceptable to the vendor since in effect it gives an option to [buy] , though it may be more acceptable if the period allowed for preparing the report is short .

The lawyers for the buy-out team may also represent the company which has been incorporated to effect the purchase — for brevity here called `` Newco `` .
the lawyers for the buy-out team may also represent the company which has been incorporated to effect the [buy] — for brevity here called `` newco `` .

Most importantly , all professional advisers should be required to provide their reports well before the desired date for completing the buy-out , so that the reports can be studied and salient points brought into the negotiation of the sale and purchase agreement .
most importantly , all professional advisers should be required to provide their reports well before the desired date for completing the buy-out , so that the reports can be studied and salient points brought into the negotiation of the sale and [buy] agreement .

Although Newco will seek from the vendor warranties which may provide redress if a problem arises after completion , it is preferable to identify any serious problem before the purchase and negotiate a reduction in price , rather than to litigate a warranty claim afterwards .
although newco will seek from the vendor warranties which may provide redress if a problem arises after completion , it is preferable to identify any serious problem before the [buy] and negotiate a reduction in price , rather than to litigate a warranty claim afterwards .

Where no warranties , or only limited warranties , are likely , for example , on a purchase from a receiver , Newco will wish to make a particularly thorough investigation .
where no warranties , or only limited warranties , are likely , for example , on a [buy] from a receiver , newco will wish to make a particularly thorough investigation .

The disclosure letter is just as important a part of the negotiations as the sale and purchase agreement , and it would be a mistake for extensive work to go into the due diligence exercise and subsequent negotiations of the sale and purchase agreement , only to be undone by an inadequate disclosure letter .
the disclosure letter is just as important a part of the negotiations as the sale and [buy] agreement , and it would be a mistake for extensive work to go into the due diligence exercise and subsequent negotiations of the sale and [buy] agreement , only to be undone by an inadequate disclosure letter .

It is , therefore , impossible to provide an absolute guarantee in relation to most of the target 's assets , and so the purchaser should not accept any qualifications to the title warranties in the sale and purchase agreement .
it is , therefore , impossible to provide an absolute guarantee in relation to most of the target 's assets , and so the purchaser should not accept any qualifications to the title warranties in the sale and [buy] agreement .

For brevity , the team of managers bidding to acquire the business is called `` management `` or `` the managers `` ; the business being acquired , `` Target `` ; and , as before , the company incorporated to effect the purchase , `` Newco `` .
for brevity , the team of managers bidding to acquire the business is called `` management `` or `` the managers `` ; the business being acquired , `` target `` ; and , as before , the company incorporated to effect the [buy] , `` newco `` .

To obtain interest relief on loans to subscribe shares in a Newco which is to purchase the business of , rather than shares in , Target , it appears that management no longer has the difficulty of persuading the Revenue that Newco `` exists wholly or mainly for the purpose of carrying on a trade … `` , as required by s13A ( 2 ) ( a ) .
to obtain interest relief on loans to subscribe shares in a newco which is to [buy] the business of , rather than shares in , target , it appears that management no longer has the difficulty of persuading the revenue that newco `` exists wholly or mainly for the purpose of carrying on a trade … `` , as required by s13a ( 2 ) ( a ) .

( 3 ) When interest is paid on the manager 's loan , Newco must continue to comply with s13A ( 2 ) — this means it must continue to satisfy the relevant purpose test rather than that it should continue to remain a close company ; in the case of a purchase of shares in Target , the reason why Newco should be close after the institutions commit to invest is to ensure that institutions and management can invest at the same time and that , at that time , Newco is both close and satisfies the relevant purpose test , ie already controls Target ; management can not commit Newco to acquiring Target until the institutions have committed to funding Newco , and once they have so committed the institutions are likely to control Newco under s416 , so a structure is needed whereby management also controls Newco at this point .
( 3 ) when interest is paid on the manager 's loan , newco must continue to comply with s13a ( 2 ) — this means it must continue to satisfy the relevant purpose test rather than that it should continue to remain a close company ; in the case of a [buy] of shares in target , the reason why newco should be close after the institutions commit to invest is to ensure that institutions and management can invest at the same time and that , at that time , newco is both close and satisfies the relevant purpose test , ie already controls target ; management can not commit newco to acquiring target until the institutions have committed to funding newco , and once they have so committed the institutions are likely to control newco under s416 , so a structure is needed whereby management also controls newco at this point .

Newco can claim industrial buildings allowances in equal annual instalments of 4 % over 25 years , on the lower of the purchase price and the vendor 's original cost .
newco can claim industrial buildings allowances in equal annual instalments of 4 % over 25 years , on the lower of the [buy] price and the vendor 's original cost .

Newco will wish to attribute as much of the purchase price as possible to those of the assets which are likely to increase in value , but which Newco may be intending to dispose of at a later date , so as to minimise the gain arising on the disposal ( and to maximise the amount of base cost which can be indexed for capital gains tax purposes , again to reduce the ultimate gain ) .
newco will wish to attribute as much of the [buy] price as possible to those of the assets which are likely to increase in value , but which newco may be intending to dispose of at a later date , so as to minimise the gain arising on the disposal ( and to maximise the amount of base cost which can be indexed for capital gains tax purposes , again to reduce the ultimate gain ) .

On an assets purchase , Newco will not acquire any of the vendor 's trading losses or unutilised capital allowances , and they may not be usable by the vendor , for example where Newco is taking over the liabilities which reduce the aggregate value of the target business down to a nominal amount .
on an assets [buy] , newco will not acquire any of the vendor 's trading losses or unutilised capital allowances , and they may not be usable by the vendor , for example where newco is taking over the liabilities which reduce the aggregate value of the target business down to a nominal amount .

Newco will then use amounts it receives from debtors to satisfy an interest-free loan from the vendor , and the overall purchase price for the business will be correspondingly reduced .
newco will then use amounts it receives from debtors to satisfy an interest-free loan from the vendor , and the overall [buy] price for the business will be correspondingly reduced .

The giving of warranties by the vendor is not confined to a share sale , though where a target company , rather than assets , is being acquired Newco needs a great deal more warranty protection , as Target 's liabilities may not be easily determinable and , unlike an assets sale , Newco will `` acquire `` all Target 's liabilities ( ie , the net asset value of Target , on which the purchase price payable by Newco is likely to be based , could be reduced because of undisclosed and unforeseen liabilities which crystallise after completion ) .
the giving of warranties by the vendor is not confined to a share sale , though where a target company , rather than assets , is being acquired newco needs a great deal more warranty protection , as target 's liabilities may not be easily determinable and , unlike an assets sale , newco will `` acquire `` all target 's liabilities ( ie , the net asset value of target , on which the [buy] price payable by newco is likely to be based , could be reduced because of undisclosed and unforeseen liabilities which crystallise after completion ) .

Although , from a tax point of view , an assets purchase is relatively straightforward , there are many commercial reasons why an acquisition of Target may be preferred by both vendor and Newco , even though Target may have unquantified liabilities .
although , from a tax point of view , an assets [buy] is relatively straightforward , there are many commercial reasons why an acquisition of target may be preferred by both vendor and newco , even though target may have unquantified liabilities .

Purchase of Target out of a group of companies
[buy] of target out of a group of companies

Also briefly discussed are the sale and purchase agreement in so far as it is inconsistent with that for a normal corporate acquisition , and the managers ' service agreements .
also briefly discussed are the sale and [buy] agreement in so far as it is inconsistent with that for a normal corporate acquisition , and the managers ' service agreements .

It is normal in a sale and purchase agreement to exclude liability for representations made in pre-contractual negotiations , but this is unlikely to be acceptable in the investment agreement as investors will have relied heavily on input from management before agreeing to proceed .
it is normal in a sale and [buy] agreement to exclude liability for representations made in pre-contractual negotiations , but this is unlikely to be acceptable in the investment agreement as investors will have relied heavily on input from management before agreeing to proceed .

The managers will also be asked to warrant to the best of their belief any warranties or indemnities contained in the sale and purchase agreement .
the managers will also be asked to warrant to the best of their belief any warranties or indemnities contained in the sale and [buy] agreement .

It is not uncommon to provide in the Articles that if a transfer of a " controlling interest " is in contemplation , the proposed transferee should be obliged to extend to all other shareholders an offer to purchase their shares on like terms .
it is not uncommon to provide in the articles that if a transfer of a " controlling interest " is in contemplation , the proposed transferee should be obliged to extend to all other shareholders an offer to [buy] their shares on like terms .

Investors will usually agree to a provision of this kind , as most purchasers would in any event wish to purchase the entire company and not be left with minority shareholders .
investors will usually agree to a provision of this kind , as most purchasers would in any event wish to [buy] the entire company and not be left with minority shareholders .

For example : In the event that any person or persons who was or were not a member or members of the Company on the date of the adoption of these Articles ( `` the Acquiring Member `` ) either alone or in concert ( as such expression is defined in the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ) with any other person ( s ) , shall become beneficially entitled to more than [ 50 ] % of the issued Ordinary Share Capital of the Company after the date of adoption of these Articles he shall forthwith be required to serve notice on each of the holders of the Ordinary Share Capital of the Company that he is so beneficially entitled and shall thereupon be bound to offer to purchase the remaining shares in the Ordinary Share Capital of the Company at a price per share ( `` the Acquisition Price `` ) equal to the highest price per share paid by the Acquiring Member for such shares in the Company acquired by him .
for example : in the event that any person or persons who was or were not a member or members of the company on the date of the adoption of these articles ( `` the acquiring member `` ) either alone or in concert ( as such expression is defined in the city code on takeovers and mergers ) with any other person ( s ) , shall become beneficially entitled to more than [ 50 ] % of the issued ordinary share capital of the company after the date of adoption of these articles he shall forthwith be required to serve notice on each of the holders of the ordinary share capital of the company that he is so beneficially entitled and shall thereupon be bound to offer to [buy] the remaining shares in the ordinary share capital of the company at a price per share ( `` the acquisition price `` ) equal to the highest price per share paid by the acquiring member for such shares in the company acquired by him .

Against the possibility that the acquiring member fails to extend the offer , the following remedy can be provided for : If the Acquiring Member shall fail to serve a notice or make an offer in accordance with Article … ( or , if and to the extent that the offer is accepted , the Acquiring Member shall fail to complete the purchase of any shares pursuant to the offer ) he ( and any member with whom he is acting in concert as provided in Article … ) shall cease to have any rights to vote or to dividends in respect of all the shares held by him and the Directors may where relevant refuse to register the transfer of the shares acquired by the Acquiring Member which give rise to the obligations under Article … and may require the Acquiring Member to serve a Transfer Notice in respect of all or any of the shares held by him .
against the possibility that the acquiring member fails to extend the offer , the following remedy can be provided for : if the acquiring member shall fail to serve a notice or make an offer in accordance with article … ( or , if and to the extent that the offer is accepted , the acquiring member shall fail to complete the [buy] of any shares pursuant to the offer ) he ( and any member with whom he is acting in concert as provided in article … ) shall cease to have any rights to vote or to dividends in respect of all the shares held by him and the directors may where relevant refuse to register the transfer of the shares acquired by the acquiring member which give rise to the obligations under article … and may require the acquiring member to serve a transfer notice in respect of all or any of the shares held by him .

Sale and purchase agreement
sale and [buy] agreement

It is not within the scope of this book to discuss the sale and purchase agreement in any detail .
it is not within the scope of this book to discuss the sale and [buy] agreement in any detail .

Most management buy-outs involve the purchase of a division of a group of companies .
most management buy-outs involve the [buy] of a division of a group of companies .

Unravelling such arrangements can often be complicated , and would need to be provided for in the sale and purchase agreement .
unravelling such arrangements can often be complicated , and would need to be provided for in the sale and [buy] agreement .

The managers will wish to negotiate a salary which will allow them to meet interest payments on any borrowings to purchase their equity without reducing their standard of living .
the managers will wish to negotiate a salary which will allow them to meet interest payments on any borrowings to [buy] their equity without reducing their standard of living .

This book deals mainly with the purchase of business assets from a corporate vendor by a corporate purchaser .
this book deals mainly with the [buy] of business assets from a corporate vendor by a corporate purchaser .

The acquisition by the corporate purchaser may be the purchase of the vendor 's entire assets and undertaking .
the acquisition by the corporate purchaser may be the [buy] of the vendor 's entire assets and undertaking .

More often it involves the purchase of an operational division or the purchase of one business owned and operated by a multitude of different companies within a group .
more often it involves the [buy] of an operational division or the [buy] of one business owned and operated by a multitude of different companies within a group .

For the purpose of its own capital gains base cost the purchaser of assets buys those assets at the value attributed to them at the time of purchase .
for the purpose of its own capital gains base cost the purchaser of assets buys those assets at the value attributed to them at the time of [buy] .

Whether or not this is a deposit towards the purchase price is a matter for negotiation .
whether or not this is a deposit towards the [buy] price is a matter for negotiation .

It is of course a fact of life that the bankers may seek to renegotiate the vendor 's finance arrangements , particularly if the purchase price will be a significant realisation for the vendor .
it is of course a fact of life that the bankers may seek to renegotiate the vendor 's finance arrangements , particularly if the [buy] price will be a significant realisation for the vendor .

The Purchase Price
the [buy] price

If an earn out is to be used , it is recommended that it does not form too significant a part of the purchase price as this will distort priorities .
if an earn out is to be used , it is recommended that it does not form too significant a part of the [buy] price as this will distort priorities .

It is the simplest form and does not require complicated provisions or professional advice both of which will add to the purchase costs .
it is the simplest form and does not require complicated provisions or professional advice both of which will add to the [buy] costs .

Also , the vendor should consider the need for warranties similar to those it would seek on a share purchase .
also , the vendor should consider the need for warranties similar to those it would seek on a share [buy] .

Care must also be taken to ensure that , if the price of the consideration shares falls , the total shares to be issued do not exceed 30 per cent of the purchaser 's share capital as the vendor may then be obliged to make an offer to purchase the remainder of the purchaser 's share capital under rule 9 of the City Code .
care must also be taken to ensure that , if the price of the consideration shares falls , the total shares to be issued do not exceed 30 per cent of the purchaser 's share capital as the vendor may then be obliged to make an offer to [buy] the remainder of the purchaser 's share capital under rule 9 of the city code .

However , it is suggested there are some instances , albeit rare , where the purchaser should become cautious if , in reality , the purchase price appears too low particularly if the purchaser is concerned about the vendor 's state of solvency .
however , it is suggested there are some instances , albeit rare , where the purchaser should become cautious if , in reality , the [buy] price appears too low particularly if the purchaser is concerned about the vendor 's state of solvency .

For such instances to be relevant , the purchase price for the assets must be significantly less than market value .
for such instances to be relevant , the [buy] price for the assets must be significantly less than market value .

Depending on these factors a purchaser should consider whether to : ( a ) rely solely on its right to claim damages for breach of warranty ; or ( b ) make a retention of part of the purchase price to deal with identified liabilities ; or ( c ) reduce the price .
depending on these factors a purchaser should consider whether to : ( a ) rely solely on its right to claim damages for breach of warranty ; or ( b ) make a retention of part of the [buy] price to deal with identified liabilities ; or ( c ) reduce the price .

The main concern of the purchaser will be whether to rely on the sale and purchase contract as constituting the assignment between the purchaser and the vendor or whether to issue notices of assignment to each party to the contracts after completion and so achieve a statutory assignment rather than an equitable assignment .
the main concern of the purchaser will be whether to rely on the sale and [buy] contract as constituting the assignment between the purchaser and the vendor or whether to issue notices of assignment to each party to the contracts after completion and so achieve a statutory assignment rather than an equitable assignment .

The purchaser should ensure that it is not restricted from issuing notices of assignment by any of the announcement or confidentiality restrictions in the sale and purchase agreement .
the purchaser should ensure that it is not restricted from issuing notices of assignment by any of the announcement or confidentiality restrictions in the sale and [buy] agreement .

English Nature spent over £6 million on habitat management agreements during the year and gave more than £250,000 in land purchase grants to the voluntary sector .
english nature spent over £6 million on habitat management agreements during the year and gave more than £250,000 in land [buy] grants to the voluntary sector .

The case is thought to be the first test of the obligation under the Acquisition of Land Act 1981 to provide new land of `` equal advantage `` where public open space is lost through a compulsory purchase .
the case is thought to be the first test of the obligation under the acquisition of land act 1981 to provide new land of `` equal advantage `` where public open space is lost through a compulsory [buy] .

The purchase price of new cars in the Netherlands will include a levy of up to 250 guilders ( £80 ) to help fund compulsory collection and recycling of old cars .
the [buy] price of new cars in the netherlands will include a levy of up to 250 guilders ( £80 ) to help fund compulsory collection and recycling of old cars .

The National Trust , which owns the Punchbowl and adjoining Hindhead Common , had threatened to use its statutory powers to force Parliament to make a ( costly ) compulsory purchase of the land .
the national trust , which owns the punchbowl and adjoining hindhead common , had threatened to use its statutory powers to force parliament to make a ( costly ) compulsory [buy] of the land .

Mr Justice Hutchison acknowledged the special quality of the wood , but ruled that the Secretary of State for the Environment had not acted unreasonably or unlawfully in issuing a compulsory purchase order .
mr justice hutchison acknowledged the special quality of the wood , but ruled that the secretary of state for the environment had not acted unreasonably or unlawfully in issuing a compulsory [buy] order .

Cairngorms purchase in doubt
cairngorms [buy] in doubt

The High Court has dismissed as `` frivolous and vexatious `` the sale of tiny plots of land in an effort to frustrate compulsory purchase plans .
the high court has dismissed as `` frivolous and vexatious `` the sale of tiny plots of land in an effort to frustrate compulsory [buy] plans .

The Department of Transport failed in its legal duty to locate each individual owner in order to serve compulsory purchase orders .
the department of transport failed in its legal duty to locate each individual owner in order to serve compulsory [buy] orders .

When it attempted to go-ahead with the purchase , Friends of the Earth launched a legal challenge , claiming that due notice had not been served on some of the owners .
when it attempted to go-ahead with the [buy] , friends of the earth launched a legal challenge , claiming that due notice had not been served on some of the owners .

The government is now reported to be planning measures to limit peat extraction through direct purchase of threatened sites , and management agreements to encourage landowners to switch from exploitation to restoration of peat bogs .
the government is now reported to be planning measures to limit peat extraction through direct [buy] of threatened sites , and management agreements to encourage landowners to switch from exploitation to restoration of peat bogs .

The ban takes the form of a circular stating that it is illegal to sell , purchase , import , export or even carry tiger bones or rhino horns and that they may not be used in medicines .
the ban takes the form of a circular stating that it is illegal to sell , [buy] , import , export or even carry tiger bones or rhino horns and that they may not be used in medicines .

The Fondation Amazonie invites donors to help purchase strips of rainforest , with a view to creating protected areas .
the fondation amazonie invites donors to help [buy] strips of rainforest , with a view to creating protected areas .

In Mespot you were allowed to purchase a bolt of blue serge and have the squadron tailor make up your uniform .
in mespot you were allowed to [buy] a bolt of blue serge and have the squadron tailor make up your uniform .

Many organisations and individuals have entered the bidding ( including , with poetic justice , given our attitude towards their forest , a Brazilian ) , but Kluge is still keeping negotiations open with the consortium of conservation bodies attempting to purchase it .
many organisations and individuals have entered the bidding ( including , with poetic justice , given our attitude towards their forest , a brazilian ) , but kluge is still keeping negotiations open with the consortium of conservation bodies attempting to [buy] it .

The consortium has underwritten half the purchase price , but has asked the Government to come up with the other half .
the consortium has underwritten half the [buy] price , but has asked the government to come up with the other half .

For the practical appeal of Consumers , Co-operation — wholesome food at what , through the payment of dividends on purchase , amounts to lower prices — can ultimately be matched or bettered by competing non-co-operative stores , and so puts the Movement 's existence at risk .
for the practical appeal of consumers , co-operation — wholesome food at what , through the payment of dividends on [buy] , amounts to lower prices — can ultimately be matched or bettered by competing non-co-operative stores , and so puts the movement 's existence at risk .

If the trade unions want to exercise that right , they will have to get the legal title to them whether by purchase or by what has been called euphemistically , and in criticism of Robert Owen 's failure to see the significance of ownership , ‘ revolutionising practice ’ .
if the trade unions want to exercise that right , they will have to get the legal title to them whether by [buy] or by what has been called euphemistically , and in criticism of robert owen 's failure to see the significance of ownership , ‘ revolutionising practice ’ .

In 1978 the Organisation contracted in its own name with Westland Helicopters for , inter alia , the purchase of helicopters .
in 1978 the organisation contracted in its own name with westland helicopters for , inter alia , the [buy] of helicopters .

Clara had had the sense not to try to ask her mother about a possible purchase , as she could only too clearly imagine the responses to which such a request would expose her , and the abuse which would be cast upon those girls fortunate enough to have a use for party dresses .
clara had had the sense not to try to ask her mother about a possible [buy] , as she could only too clearly imagine the responses to which such a request would expose her , and the abuse which would be cast upon those girls fortunate enough to have a use for party dresses .

However , sometimes there is reference in ancient church records showing payment for the purchase of woods , which would relate to the materials used for the benches and their ends .
however , sometimes there is reference in ancient church records showing payment for the [buy] of woods , which would relate to the materials used for the benches and their ends .

Before there could be any school in Stockport , it was first necessary for the executors to purchase property which could then be legally transferred to the Goldsmiths ' Company .
before there could be any school in stockport , it was first necessary for the executors to [buy] property which could then be legally transferred to the goldsmiths ' company .

Such indeed are the attainments of some of the Scholars that at no distant period some further assistance will be required by the Masters — and also an increased allowance for the purchase of books . ``
such indeed are the attainments of some of the scholars that at no distant period some further assistance will be required by the masters — and also an increased allowance for the [buy] of books . ``

Negotiations were started to purchase the site , and the London architects Spalding and Spalding were commissioned to draw up the plans .
negotiations were started to [buy] the site , and the london architects spalding and spalding were commissioned to draw up the plans .

Wright 's arrival in April 1979 coincided with the announcement of the Convent purchase and the changes which would result .
wright 's arrival in april 1979 coincided with the announcement of the convent [buy] and the changes which would result .

Allows you to purchase one of three items — Seats ( initial ground capacity of 10,000 can be increased up to 40,000 ) , Security Cameras ( to avoid costly crowd violence ) , or a Coach And Youth Team ( allows players to join your squad from the youth team , also helps with training ) .
allows you to [buy] one of three items — seats ( initial ground capacity of 10,000 can be increased up to 40,000 ) , security cameras ( to avoid costly crowd violence ) , or a coach and youth team ( allows players to join your squad from the youth team , also helps with training ) .

Yes folks , if you want to reserve your place in the local funny farm ( bibble , bibble , polka-dot flamingo ) , go out and purchase a copy of Puzznic today .
yes folks , if you want to reserve your place in the local funny farm ( bibble , bibble , polka-dot flamingo ) , go out and [buy] a copy of puzznic today .

This neutralised the efforts of the consortium since all funds committed so far had been for the purchase of the collection intact ; they could not be used for individual sale bids or any subsequent related negotiations .
this neutralised the efforts of the consortium since all funds committed so far had been for the [buy] of the collection intact ; they could not be used for individual sale bids or any subsequent related negotiations .

It seemed inevitable that application for export licences would be made for most of these , given the unlikelihood of purchase within Britain .
it seemed inevitable that application for export licences would be made for most of these , given the unlikelihood of [buy] within britain .

The purchase of eighteenth-century French paintings dates from after the completion of Frick 's house on 70th street .
the [buy] of eighteenth-century french paintings dates from after the completion of frick 's house on 70th street .

They represented the only equivalent of our modern banking system and those possessing medicinal springs of great renown accumulated wealth and acquired lands by dedication and purchase .
they represented the only equivalent of our modern banking system and those possessing medicinal springs of great renown accumulated wealth and acquired lands by dedication and [buy] .

With a limited budget it has been difficult to acquire top quality works by artists on the museum 's list , however they have been fortunate in being able to purchase Robert Loder 's ( Honorary Curator of Prints , Fitzwilliam Museum in Cambridge ) collection of 363 prints , while other works were acquired from Marlborough Fine Art .
with a limited budget it has been difficult to acquire top quality works by artists on the museum 's list , however they have been fortunate in being able to [buy] robert loder 's ( honorary curator of prints , fitzwilliam museum in cambridge ) collection of 363 prints , while other works were acquired from marlborough fine art .

John Elderfield 's sumptuous catalogue of the current exhibition which he has curated for New York 's Museum of Modern Art will appeal to many tastes and is , as a result , this season 's obligatory purchase .
john elderfield 's sumptuous catalogue of the current exhibition which he has curated for new york 's museum of modern art will appeal to many tastes and is , as a result , this season 's obligatory [buy] .

The Christie 's pictures have been consigned by a European private foundation which is apparently intending to purchase more works with the proceeds , a surprising reason given the importance of the present group .
the christie 's pictures have been consigned by a european private foundation which is apparently intending to [buy] more works with the proceeds , a surprising reason given the importance of the present group .

Sotheby 's purchase Edmund Peel and Asociados
sotheby 's [buy] edmund peel and asociados

The opportunity to purchase works at slightly lower prices had encouraged museums back into the market .
the opportunity to [buy] works at slightly lower prices had encouraged museums back into the market .

As the number of tickets available at the museum is limited it is recommended that you purchase your tickets before you travel .
as the number of tickets available at the museum is limited it is recommended that you [buy] your tickets before you travel .

If your baggage arrives at your holiday destination more than 12 hours late , up to £75 to cover the purchase of essential items .
if your baggage arrives at your holiday destination more than 12 hours late , up to £75 to cover the [buy] of essential items .

Furthermore it would never purchase items brought up in such a way , as this would give support to these operations .
furthermore it would never [buy] items brought up in such a way , as this would give support to these operations .

Feigen was then asked by Hildenbrand on behalf of the museum to lend the painting for two months while the purchase ( at a price of $ 725,000 ) was being negotiated and pending a meeting of the museum board , which apparently was to take place on 21 October last .
feigen was then asked by hildenbrand on behalf of the museum to lend the painting for two months while the [buy] ( at a price of $ 725,000 ) was being negotiated and pending a meeting of the museum board , which apparently was to take place on 21 october last .

This payment was towards a purchase price of $ 800,000 or $ 850,000 , ( the entries in the bank and gallery records are contradictory ) .
this payment was towards a [buy] price of $ 800,000 or $ 850,000 , ( the entries in the bank and gallery records are contradictory ) .

The 1988 contract includes a kind of hire purchase agreement whereby this sum will be used in part for the purchase by the foundation of the paintings in the collection . How does this work ?
the 1988 contract includes a kind of hire [buy] agreement whereby this sum will be used in part for the [buy] by the foundation of the paintings in the collection . how does this work ?

The Thyssen-Bornemisza Collection is a collection of paintings acquired by Baron Thyssen-Bornemisza over a number of years , by inheritance or purchase .
the thyssen-bornemisza collection is a collection of paintings acquired by baron thyssen-bornemisza over a number of years , by inheritance or [buy] .

The purchase grant for 1992 diminishes to Pta300 million ( £1.6 million ) .
the [buy] grant for 1992 diminishes to pta300 million ( £1.6 million ) .

For those weary of collecting paintings or objets d'art , this dispersal of the John Willett Collection of African Ungulates offers that long-awaited opportunity to purchase the complete skeleton of Megaceros Hibernicus ( est .
for those weary of collecting paintings or objets d'art , this dispersal of the john willett collection of african ungulates offers that long-awaited opportunity to [buy] the complete skeleton of megaceros hibernicus ( est .

Often a good investment towards better sleep is the purchase of new pillows .
often a good investment towards better sleep is the [buy] of new pillows .

It is believed that the National Gallery has committed its entire purchase grant for the next three years towards the cost of the Holbein and , given the fact that purchase grants for national museums have been frozen since 1985 , other museums are similarly powerless both to acquire when the works come onto the market , and to match their export price when their licences are suspended .
it is believed that the national gallery has committed its entire [buy] grant for the next three years towards the cost of the holbein and , given the fact that [buy] grants for national museums have been frozen since 1985 , other museums are similarly powerless both to acquire when the works come onto the market , and to match their export price when their licences are suspended .

The requirements are that the purchase must be bona fide and the transaction must be one which would be sufficient ( in terms of formalities/documentation ) to transfer ownership if the seller were the true owner [ Arts .
the requirements are that the [buy] must be bona fide and the transaction must be one which would be sufficient ( in terms of formalities/documentation ) to transfer ownership if the seller were the true owner [ arts .

In the spring of 1990 they financed to an ultimate cost of $ 153.1 million the purchase of the Pierre Matisse inventory with dealers Acquavella Modern Art .
in the spring of 1990 they financed to an ultimate cost of $ 153.1 million the [buy] of the pierre matisse inventory with dealers acquavella modern art .

The sale attracted a large proportion of new faces not normally seen at Old Master sales , attracted by the Spanish subject matter and willing to purchase works which were by no means new to the market in a number of cases .
the sale attracted a large proportion of new faces not normally seen at old master sales , attracted by the spanish subject matter and willing to [buy] works which were by no means new to the market in a number of cases .

The library responded by making available an £11,000 low-interest loan to fund the purchase of a new house nearby .
the library responded by making available an £11,000 low-interest loan to fund the [buy] of a new house nearby .

Whether a scheme is now afoot to reinstate the Saint Dyé site is as yet unclear but the members of the Association pour la défense de Chambord are anxiously awaiting the outcome of the purchase application .
whether a scheme is now afoot to reinstate the saint dyé site is as yet unclear but the members of the association pour la défense de chambord are anxiously awaiting the outcome of the [buy] application .

If the object is to be returned , the purchaser shall be entitled to fair compensation provided he exercised due care in the purchase .
if the object is to be returned , the purchaser shall be entitled to fair compensation provided he exercised due care in the [buy] .

The collection of antique tablets , inscriptions and small bas-reliefs housed under the arcades of the first courtyard was installed in the palace by the Riccardi family following their purchase of the palace from the Medici in 1659 .
the collection of antique tablets , inscriptions and small bas-reliefs housed under the arcades of the first courtyard was installed in the palace by the riccardi family following their [buy] of the palace from the medici in 1659 .

The saga for Richard Wunder began in 1967 when he was in Florence finalising the arrangements for the purchase of the Powers ' studio and archives .
the saga for richard wunder began in 1967 when he was in florence finalising the arrangements for the [buy] of the powers ' studio and archives .

This may seem self-evident , but it is not unknown for people to purchase extremely attractive and reasonably priced extremely attractive and reasonably priced items only to find , when they take them home , that they are the wrong size , or that the colour and design clash with their decorative scheme .
this may seem self-evident , but it is not unknown for people to [buy] extremely attractive and reasonably priced extremely attractive and reasonably priced items only to find , when they take them home , that they are the wrong size , or that the colour and design clash with their decorative scheme .

Price is determined by a number of factors , including the cost of purchase in the country of origin , shipping , washing , import tariffs and the wholesaler 's overheads ; but by far the most important influence on the price you will pay in shops is the profit margin of the individual retail outlet .
price is determined by a number of factors , including the cost of [buy] in the country of origin , shipping , washing , import tariffs and the wholesaler 's overheads ; but by far the most important influence on the price you will pay in shops is the profit margin of the individual retail outlet .

It is extremely important to do your homework and to check the prices being asked in shops and stores for a similar cross-section of rugs before making a purchase .
it is extremely important to do your homework and to check the prices being asked in shops and stores for a similar cross-section of rugs before making a [buy] .

The way is then clear for an astute outside agent to purchase shares , realizing their potential and current values are far apart , and subsequently to make a bid for the remainder , with the eventual aim either of realizing the company 's assets , or putting in new management , and hence getting a return on the investment .
the way is then clear for an astute outside agent to [buy] shares , realizing their potential and current values are far apart , and subsequently to make a bid for the remainder , with the eventual aim either of realizing the company 's assets , or putting in new management , and hence getting a return on the investment .

In the definition above , if the words ’ charged ’ , ’ property ’ , ’ interest ’ , ’ repayment ’ and ’ purchase ’ were all members of the domain wordlist , we could say that expansion of this word provides a total of 25 content words , of which 5 are directly relevant and hence useful .
in the definition above , if the words ’ charged ’ , ’ property ’ , ’ interest ’ , ’ repayment ’ and ’ [buy] ’ were all members of the domain wordlist , we could say that expansion of this word provides a total of 25 content words , of which 5 are directly relevant and hence useful .

As would be expected , the majority of senses of the constituent words are related to property and its purchase ( e.g .
as would be expected , the majority of senses of the constituent words are related to property and its [buy] ( e.g .

Such references to property purchase are also highly evident in the entry in the general dictionary ( e.g .
such references to property [buy] are also highly evident in the entry in the general dictionary ( e.g .

: buy [ house house money money build afford afford afford small save save vote vote people make able store store sell rent part need cheap cheap car book want ton ton stamp society run provide price paper large income improve home farm expense cost buy bin bin white told start rich public process politic pack operate library instance firm encourage conservative colour activity wise win tool style site secret sand risk remember purchase proportion property proper potato market luxury likely invest hotel holding heavy finish feed favour export equip enter enlarge dress distribute distinct department dear client client clean charge champagne champagne cent cement cement business box bird big appeal aerial advantage accuse ]
: buy [ house house money money build afford afford afford small save save vote vote people make able store store sell rent part need cheap cheap car book want ton ton stamp society run provide price paper large income improve home farm expense cost buy bin bin white told start rich public process politic pack operate library instance firm encourage conservative colour activity wise win tool style site secret sand risk remember [buy] proportion property proper potato market luxury likely invest hotel holding heavy finish feed favour export equip enter enlarge dress distribute distinct department dear client client clean charge champagne champagne cent cement cement business box bird big appeal aerial advantage accuse ]

These include ’ advantage ’ , ’ afford ’ , ’ cent ’ , ’ distribute ’ , ’ home ’ , ’ house ’ , ’ likely ’ , ’ part ’ , ’ people ’ , ’ purchase ’ , ’ sell ’ , and ’ want ’ .
these include ’ advantage ’ , ’ afford ’ , ’ cent ’ , ’ distribute ’ , ’ home ’ , ’ house ’ , ’ likely ’ , ’ part ’ , ’ people ’ , ’ [buy] ’ , ’ sell ’ , and ’ want ’ .

Not until the 1880s did ‘ social purity ’ have any major legislative purchase ; and it is significant that it is from this period that the earliest critiques of ‘ Victorianism ’ stem .
not until the 1880s did ‘ social purity ’ have any major legislative [buy] ; and it is significant that it is from this period that the earliest critiques of ‘ victorianism ’ stem .

Building societies , for the finance of house building or purchase , grew rapidly and by the end of the century attracted many small investors , but their appeal was rather to tradesmen and the lower-middle class than to manual workers .
building societies , for the finance of house building or [buy] , grew rapidly and by the end of the century attracted many small investors , but their appeal was rather to tradesmen and the lower-middle class than to manual workers .

Local authorities still could not , however , as in Germany , purchase land compulsorily for planning purposes , merely by agreement .
local authorities still could not , however , as in germany , [buy] land compulsorily for planning purposes , merely by agreement .

You can purchase them as a pack of six for only £1.90 at your post office .
you can [buy] them as a pack of six for only £1.90 at your post office .

Just 34p to all destinations , you can purchase them as a pack of six for £1.90 .
just 34p to all destinations , you can [buy] them as a pack of six for £1.90 .

The Privy Council is then found referring to arbitration a dispute between two foreigners , hearing the submission and apology of a merchant for speaking offensively about the Queen , instructing sheriffs to send up a note of the number of prisoners in their gaols , ordering mayors of seaports to prepare private ships to serve in the navy against the expected Spanish invasion , telling its agents at the Hague to arrange for the purchase of matches for guns , sending off various warrants , organizing the acquisition of copper for the Queen 's service , delegating the decision in a legal action to the J.P.s of Bedfordshire , permitting the taking of a collection on behalf of a Cornish village despoiled by Spaniards , and writing to the Lord Mayor of London about a complaint against his predecessor .
the privy council is then found referring to arbitration a dispute between two foreigners , hearing the submission and apology of a merchant for speaking offensively about the queen , instructing sheriffs to send up a note of the number of prisoners in their gaols , ordering mayors of seaports to prepare private ships to serve in the navy against the expected spanish invasion , telling its agents at the hague to arrange for the [buy] of matches for guns , sending off various warrants , organizing the acquisition of copper for the queen 's service , delegating the decision in a legal action to the j.p.s of bedfordshire , permitting the taking of a collection on behalf of a cornish village despoiled by spaniards , and writing to the lord mayor of london about a complaint against his predecessor .

a day during training , usually for ten days in the year , and the purchase of equipment and ammunition had to be added to this .
a day during training , usually for ten days in the year , and the [buy] of equipment and ammunition had to be added to this .

Junks laden with tea , wood and camphor soon transformed this sleepy backwater into the marketplace of South East Asia under the watchful eye of Sir Thomas Stamford Raffles ; today Singapore is considered the place to purchase that Cartier wristwatch at a real snip .
junks laden with tea , wood and camphor soon transformed this sleepy backwater into the marketplace of south east asia under the watchful eye of sir thomas stamford raffles ; today singapore is considered the place to [buy] that cartier wristwatch at a real snip .

If bought in polythene bags , potatoes should be removed as soon as possible after purchase , otherwise rotting may occur .
if bought in polythene bags , potatoes should be removed as soon as possible after [buy] , otherwise rotting may occur .

The company may purchase its own shares up to the value of one-third of the stock capital .
the company may [buy] its own shares up to the value of one-third of the stock capital .

Any regular savings and loan repayments such as hire purchase or personal loans also belong here .
any regular savings and loan repayments such as hire [buy] or personal loans also belong here .

If you want money for a specific purchase , you are more likely to be offered a personal loan .
if you want money for a specific [buy] , you are more likely to be offered a personal loan .

Building societies and banks , hire purchase companies and finance houses , credit and store card organisations all vie with one another to make money available .
building societies and banks , hire [buy] companies and finance houses , credit and store card organisations all vie with one another to make money available .

You will receive a regular statement showing full details of each purchase made with your card .
you will receive a regular statement showing full details of each [buy] made with your card .

Why is it that when the time comes to refit the kitchen or bathroom , replace the lounge suite , plan the family holiday , or an irresistible opportunity arises to indulge in one of your hobbies , you invariably find yourself short of money ? What do you do — put your ideas to one side and spend the next few months feeling deflated ; or do you take out a Midland Personal Loan now and enjoy the benefits of your purchase , paying the money back in easy stages ?
why is it that when the time comes to refit the kitchen or bathroom , replace the lounge suite , plan the family holiday , or an irresistible opportunity arises to indulge in one of your hobbies , you invariably find yourself short of money ? what do you do — put your ideas to one side and spend the next few months feeling deflated ; or do you take out a midland personal loan now and enjoy the benefits of your [buy] , paying the money back in easy stages ?

There is no delay — no hire purchase forms to be filled .
there is no delay — no hire [buy] forms to be filled .

As a result , you may find it extremely difficult to raise the difference between the 85 % -95 % mortgage that many lenders advance , and the full purchase price .
as a result , you may find it extremely difficult to raise the difference between the 85 % -95 % mortgage that many lenders advance , and the full [buy] price .

If you are buying your second or even third home , we will still offer you improved terms with an advance up to 95 % of the purchase price or valuation of the property concerned , whichever is the lower .
if you are buying your second or even third home , we will still offer you improved terms with an advance up to 95 % of the [buy] price or valuation of the property concerned , whichever is the lower .

If you are granted one of our mortgages for more than 80 % of the purchase price or valuation , then you will also be required to take out a mortgage guarantee indemnity policy .
if you are granted one of our mortgages for more than 80 % of the [buy] price or valuation , then you will also be required to take out a mortgage guarantee indemnity policy .

Unit Trusts are becoming an increasingly popular form of investment and as a High Interest Cheque Account holder you are entitled to a 1 % bonus allocation when you make a lump sum purchase of £500 or more of Midland Unit Trusts .
unit trusts are becoming an increasingly popular form of investment and as a high interest cheque account holder you are entitled to a 1 % bonus allocation when you make a lump sum [buy] of £500 or more of midland unit trusts .

Those remaining — nearly 350 — will carry out a variety of functions including work on the purchase and sales of Intervention beef and the Beef Special Premium Scheme .
those remaining — nearly 350 — will carry out a variety of functions including work on the [buy] and sales of intervention beef and the beef special premium scheme .

However , making consumers aware of the process of creating a ‘ whole ’ quality product is one thing , getting them to purchase it is another and one major retailer has asked Dirk to investigate the production of a ‘ smooth ’ yoghurt .
however , making consumers aware of the process of creating a ‘ whole ’ quality product is one thing , getting them to [buy] it is another and one major retailer has asked dirk to investigate the production of a ‘ smooth ’ yoghurt .

If for example , one envisages a flock of say 1,000 laying birds , it is very important to carry out market research to find whether the immediate area can and is willing to purchase your whole production .
if for example , one envisages a flock of say 1,000 laying birds , it is very important to carry out market research to find whether the immediate area can and is willing to [buy] your whole production .

Following its purchase from the government and exhibition at the London Museum , the dormeuse was despatched on a tour of the British Isles .
following its [buy] from the government and exhibition at the london museum , the dormeuse was despatched on a tour of the british isles .

The best companies are able more readily to make alliances or purchase technology or be welcomed into countries other than their own , or obtain financial consideration from banks or shareholders , or escape some of the more scathing criticisms which can be so damaging to a company if produced in the public arena .
the best companies are able more readily to make alliances or [buy] technology or be welcomed into countries other than their own , or obtain financial consideration from banks or shareholders , or escape some of the more scathing criticisms which can be so damaging to a company if produced in the public arena .

Whenever a purchase is made an order ( using an official order form ) should be sent to the supplier .
whenever a [buy] is made an order ( using an official order form ) should be sent to the supplier .

a purchase invoice ;
a [buy] invoice ;

Heads of departments can forecast their purchase requirements and plan the labour and holiday rotas .
heads of departments can forecast their [buy] requirements and plan the labour and holiday rotas .

Those in favour of fundholding saw it as an opportunity for general practitioners to have a direct impact on access to and quality of secondary care , which they could now purchase on behalf of their patients .
those in favour of fundholding saw it as an opportunity for general practitioners to have a direct impact on access to and quality of secondary care , which they could now [buy] on behalf of their patients .

The amount of land made available for them to purchase should be approximately equivalent to the allotments they had tilled for their own subsistence under serfdom .
the amount of land made available for them to [buy] should be approximately equivalent to the allotments they had tilled for their own subsistence under serfdom .

Firstly , general practitioners and other members of the primary health care team in effect purchase the bulk of health care , the resource implications of which are considerable .
firstly , general practitioners and other members of the primary health care team in effect [buy] the bulk of health care , the resource implications of which are considerable .

General practitioners should be involved in the purchasing process as they purchase the bulk of health care ; are the first point of contact for the users of the health service ; need to have input on what is purchased ; and need to be able to manage the changes resulting from the shift in the balance of power towards primary care
general practitioners should be involved in the purchasing process as they [buy] the bulk of health care ; are the first point of contact for the users of the health service ; need to have input on what is purchased ; and need to be able to manage the changes resulting from the shift in the balance of power towards primary care

It is the case that smaller firms are more reliant on subcontracting in its narrowest form : processing materials supplied by firms who purchase the bulk of their output .
it is the case that smaller firms are more reliant on subcontracting in its narrowest form : processing materials supplied by firms who [buy] the bulk of their output .

There is nothing especially unique about the presence of subcontracted parts suppliers because all manufacturing firms rely to an extent on the purchase of components from outsiders .
there is nothing especially unique about the presence of subcontracted parts suppliers because all manufacturing firms rely to an extent on the [buy] of components from outsiders .

Where the purchase of processed or partially processed inputs is outside the direct control of firms there is greater uncertainty about their quality and delivery schedules .
where the [buy] of processed or partially processed inputs is outside the direct control of firms there is greater uncertainty about their quality and delivery schedules .

These trading companies handle about half of all Japanese exports and approximately 65 per cent of imports which means that they can arrange the purchase of raw materials from abroad , organize the export of finished goods as well as marketing within Japan .
these trading companies handle about half of all japanese exports and approximately 65 per cent of imports which means that they can arrange the [buy] of raw materials from abroad , organize the export of finished goods as well as marketing within japan .

These funds have been used to finance the work of specialist quasi-public financial institutions in a range of activities from overseas projects to long-term loans for the purchase of specialist equipment .
these funds have been used to finance the work of specialist quasi-public financial institutions in a range of activities from overseas projects to long-term loans for the [buy] of specialist equipment .

It is the case that smaller firms are more reliant on subcontracting in its narrowest form : processing materials supplied by firms who purchase the bulk of their output .
it is the case that smaller firms are more reliant on subcontracting in its narrowest form : processing materials supplied by firms who [buy] the bulk of their output .

There is nothing especially unique about the presence of subcontracted parts suppliers because all manufacturing firms rely to an extent on the purchase of components from outsiders .
there is nothing especially unique about the presence of subcontracted parts suppliers because all manufacturing firms rely to an extent on the [buy] of components from outsiders .

h century they were applied to all types of administrative bodies such as public boards and local authorities and to decisions such as licensing , dismissals from office or compulsory purchase .
h century they were applied to all types of administrative bodies such as public boards and local authorities and to decisions such as licensing , dismissals from office or compulsory [buy] .

When admission to hospital is planned , people often purchase new or more luxurious items from the wide range of commercial hygiene products available .
when admission to hospital is planned , people often [buy] new or more luxurious items from the wide range of commercial hygiene products available .

She could see in Mary 's eyes a gleam that meant she was calculating , not what she might owe to Alice , but what she was accumulating , of course at the moment only in imagination , for the purchase of their flat , or house .
she could see in mary 's eyes a gleam that meant she was calculating , not what she might owe to alice , but what she was accumulating , of course at the moment only in imagination , for the [buy] of their flat , or house .

Book selection and purchase
book selection and [buy]

In yet another school we observed science lessons using a topic approach in the library and were reliably informed that the proposed project purchase in this subject was precisely for this kind of use .
in yet another school we observed science lessons using a topic approach in the library and were reliably informed that the proposed project [buy] in this subject was precisely for this kind of use .

Much has been written about Kaplan 's magnificent obsession with that work , and with the projects born of this love : his purchase of the manuscript , his subsequent publication in 1986 of a facsimile score with comprehensive documentation that stands as a touchstone in the field of book production .
much has been written about kaplan 's magnificent obsession with that work , and with the projects born of this love : his [buy] of the manuscript , his subsequent publication in 1986 of a facsimile score with comprehensive documentation that stands as a touchstone in the field of book production .

Herr Winter tells us that it has been a family business ever since it was established by his grandfather , who also took the opportunity to purchase one of the three existing original Nipper paintings .
herr winter tells us that it has been a family business ever since it was established by his grandfather , who also took the opportunity to [buy] one of the three existing original nipper paintings .

An interesting question for Seamus Brennan 's enquiry to put to Smurfit is why he tried to persuade Telecom 's pension fund to purchase the site four months before Telecom itself entered into negotiations .
an interesting question for seamus brennan 's enquiry to put to smurfit is why he tried to persuade telecom 's pension fund to [buy] the site four months before telecom itself entered into negotiations .

Even if the site had planning permission however , it is still impossible to see any sense in Telecom 's purchase .
even if the site had planning permission however , it is still impossible to see any sense in telecom 's [buy] .

In all then , Telecom would probably have outlaid £14m — allowing for very modest fees on the purchase — before it actually laid one brick , and that is if it got planning permission .
in all then , telecom would probably have outlaid £14m — allowing for very modest fees on the [buy] — before it actually laid one brick , and that is if it got planning permission .

This ‘ Doyler ’ fellow talks about the break-up of his marriage as though we 're expected to feel sorry for him , rather than cracking open a jerobaum of Bollinger , and saying ‘ you did the right thing there , my man . Why purchase a book when you can join the library ? Yo , my man , gim me a high five ! ’
this ‘ doyler ’ fellow talks about the break-up of his marriage as though we 're expected to feel sorry for him , rather than cracking open a jerobaum of bollinger , and saying ‘ you did the right thing there , my man . why [buy] a book when you can join the library ? yo , my man , gim me a high five ! ’

These classes were , by and large , closed ; access to the nobility or the peasantry was determined by birth , though occasionally peasants could escape from feudal bondage to the towns , and rich merchants were sometimes able to purchase titles and estates .
these classes were , by and large , closed ; access to the nobility or the peasantry was determined by birth , though occasionally peasants could escape from feudal bondage to the towns , and rich merchants were sometimes able to [buy] titles and estates .

What 's more , it 's best not to purchase a great wine , with another 10 or more years to wait before consumption , from a shop that has displayed it under bright light lights and in changing temperatures .
what 's more , it 's best not to [buy] a great wine , with another 10 or more years to wait before consumption , from a shop that has displayed it under bright light lights and in changing temperatures .

This was especially apparent in 1990 when the Trust recruited its two millionth member in August , and received an overwhelming response to the Enterprise Neptune Appeal for the purchase of coastline in Wales , Cornwall , Northumberland and County Durham .
this was especially apparent in 1990 when the trust recruited its two millionth member in august , and received an overwhelming response to the enterprise neptune appeal for the [buy] of coastline in wales , cornwall , northumberland and county durham .

When the economy was growing too fast , and inflation and balance of payments problems were starting to emerge , the budget was used to apply the brakes — through higher taxation , tighter hire purchase controls , etc .
when the economy was growing too fast , and inflation and balance of payments problems were starting to emerge , the budget was used to apply the brakes — through higher taxation , tighter hire [buy] controls , etc .

Even after his £880 million purchase of British Sugar last year , the company still has a £300 million cash pile .
even after his £880 million [buy] of british sugar last year , the company still has a £300 million cash pile .

In 1984 , while negotiating the purchase of a hotel , he was introduced to Belhaven , a small Scottish brewery , by its chairman , Eric Morley of Miss World fame .
in 1984 , while negotiating the [buy] of a hotel , he was introduced to belhaven , a small scottish brewery , by its chairman , eric morley of miss world fame .

New developments in the production of clothing and footwear , involving the manufacture of cheap commodities for a mass market , meant that people were better clothed and also that they had a purchase on ‘ style ’ — including , as we shall see , ‘ youth styles ’ .
new developments in the production of clothing and footwear , involving the manufacture of cheap commodities for a mass market , meant that people were better clothed and also that they had a [buy] on ‘ style ’ — including , as we shall see , ‘ youth styles ’ .

Hire purchase was another development of the 1890s , and relatively cheaper consumer durables such as the sewing machine came within the reach of more prosperous working-class families .
hire [buy] was another development of the 1890s , and relatively cheaper consumer durables such as the sewing machine came within the reach of more prosperous working-class families .

Just recently she decided to purchase an up-market penthouse in the same development .
just recently she decided to [buy] an up-market penthouse in the same development .

As from mid-July , interest will be charged from the date of purchase , rather than from the date of the account , for those cardholders who use the credit facility .
as from mid-july , interest will be charged from the date of [buy] , rather than from the date of the account , for those cardholders who use the credit facility .

The Van Gogh purchase was part of a sixteen- point ‘ New Century ’ project .
the van gogh [buy] was part of a sixteen- point ‘ new century ’ project .

Samuel Irving — ‘ Si ’ — Newhouse jr , second-generation New York billionaire , had long been known as a collector of modern American art , but his November 1988 purchase of Jasper John 's False Start propelled him into the public consciousness .
samuel irving — ‘ si ’ — newhouse jr , second-generation new york billionaire , had long been known as a collector of modern american art , but his november 1988 [buy] of jasper john 's false start propelled him into the public consciousness .

In Luke 22:36 , he instructs those of his followers who do not possess a sword to purchase one , even if it means selling their garments .
in luke 22:36 , he instructs those of his followers who do not possess a sword to [buy] one , even if it means selling their garments .

Second , as with the health care sector , the government is attempting to develop a market for social care by separating the responsibility for those who purchase care and those who provide care .
second , as with the health care sector , the government is attempting to develop a market for social care by separating the responsibility for those who [buy] care and those who provide care .

With respect to the charges under s.10 ( b ) of the 1934 Securities Exchange Act , the court held that the deliberate breach of Winans duty of confidentiality and concealment of the scheme was a fraud and a deceit on the Journal ; and although the victim of the fraud — the Journal — was not a buyer or seller of the shares traded in , or , otherwise a market participant , the fraud was nevertheless considered to be ‘ in connection with ’ the purchase or sale of securities within the meaning of s.10 ( b ) and Rule 10b-5 made thereunder .
with respect to the charges under s.10 ( b ) of the 1934 securities exchange act , the court held that the deliberate breach of winans duty of confidentiality and concealment of the scheme was a fraud and a deceit on the journal ; and although the victim of the fraud — the journal — was not a buyer or seller of the shares traded in , or , otherwise a market participant , the fraud was nevertheless considered to be ‘ in connection with ’ the [buy] or sale of securities within the meaning of s.10 ( b ) and rule 10b-5 made thereunder .

Trading is prohibited unless the relevant information and its source is publicly disclosed by press release or otherwise within a reasonable time period prior to any purchase or sale .
trading is prohibited unless the relevant information and its source is publicly disclosed by press release or otherwise within a reasonable time period prior to any [buy] or sale .

Here even window shopping is a pleasure if you ca n't afford to treat yourself , or you can hunt out a less extravagant purchase amongst the cities ' colourful markets and larger department stores .
here even window shopping is a pleasure if you ca n't afford to treat yourself , or you can hunt out a less extravagant [buy] amongst the cities ' colourful markets and larger department stores .

All family health services authorities are funded equally to purchase professional advice on prescribing , but evaluation of the success of medical advisers has been impeded by a variety of changes that have affected prescribing .
all family health services authorities are funded equally to [buy] professional advice on prescribing , but evaluation of the success of medical advisers has been impeded by a variety of changes that have affected prescribing .

Whilst most are pretty careful about the actual type of aircraft that they are about to buy , the average understanding of the financing of the purchase is often more akin to a fantasy adventure .
whilst most are pretty careful about the actual type of aircraft that they are about to buy , the average understanding of the financing of the [buy] is often more akin to a fantasy adventure .

For this reason groups are very popular since the cost of purchase and maintenance and overheads can be shared .
for this reason groups are very popular since the cost of [buy] and maintenance and overheads can be shared .

Some of the contracts you might be offered are : hire purchase , lease purchase , lease , contract hire , balloon lease purchase and secured loan .
some of the contracts you might be offered are : hire [buy] , lease [buy] , lease , contract hire , balloon lease [buy] and secured loan .

Lease Purchase and Hire Purchase are really very similar .
lease [buy] and hire [buy] are really very similar .

On a lease purchase contract , this clause does not exist and if you regularly fail to pay properly , the Leasing Company will arrive , fly your plane away and auction it — and then collect from you the difference between what is outstanding on the lease and the amount realised at sale .
on a lease [buy] contract , this clause does not exist and if you regularly fail to pay properly , the leasing company will arrive , fly your plane away and auction it — and then collect from you the difference between what is outstanding on the lease and the amount realised at sale .

New insurance scheme covers home buyers and sellers against the expense of lost fees if a purchase of sale falls through .
new insurance scheme covers home buyers and sellers against the expense of lost fees if a [buy] of sale falls through .

Bulbs are already in the shops , and although there is no hurry to plant the spring-flowering types in the garden , it 's a good idea to purchase early so you get a wide choice of good quality bulbs .
bulbs are already in the shops , and although there is no hurry to plant the spring-flowering types in the garden , it 's a good idea to [buy] early so you get a wide choice of good quality bulbs .

Under the Fund 's ordinary facilities members may purchase additional foreign currencies , but only if they accept increasing restrictions upon their domestic policies .
under the fund 's ordinary facilities members may [buy] additional foreign currencies , but only if they accept increasing restrictions upon their domestic policies .

In Figure 1.1 we divided the economy into two sectors , households and firms , and we assumed that all the households ' income earned in the current week was used to purchase the output of firms .
in figure 1.1 we divided the economy into two sectors , households and firms , and we assumed that all the households ' income earned in the current week was used to [buy] the output of firms .

This disposable income is not all directed into consumption on goods and services produced by firms in the domestic economy because some portion will be saved and some part will be used to purchase goods and services produced by firms in other countries ( i.e .
this disposable income is not all directed into consumption on goods and services produced by firms in the domestic economy because some portion will be saved and some part will be used to [buy] goods and services produced by firms in other countries ( i.e .

We can refer to taxation , saving , and imports as leakages from the domestic circular flow since such flows are not immediately used to purchase goods and services produced in the domestic economy .
we can refer to taxation , saving , and imports as leakages from the domestic circular flow since such flows are not immediately used to [buy] goods and services produced in the domestic economy .

However , these flows may be ultimately recycled into the domestic circular flow because governments invariably spend what they raise in taxation , because expenditure on investment goods is frequently financed out of current saving , and because other countries often spend on domestically produced goods and services at the same time as we purchase their products .
however , these flows may be ultimately recycled into the domestic circular flow because governments invariably spend what they raise in taxation , because expenditure on investment goods is frequently financed out of current saving , and because other countries often spend on domestically produced goods and services at the same time as we [buy] their products .

The transactions demand is related to the function money performs as a medium of exchange in that a certain quantity of money balances is required by economic transactors simply to purchase the goods and services they expect to buy during the period in question .
the transactions demand is related to the function money performs as a medium of exchange in that a certain quantity of money balances is required by economic transactors simply to [buy] the goods and services they expect to buy during the period in question .

Furthermore , during periods of inflation money incomes will normally rise together with prices and so more money will be required simply to purchase the same collection of goods and services .
furthermore , during periods of inflation money incomes will normally rise together with prices and so more money will be required simply to [buy] the same collection of goods and services .

In our example the man earning £100 per week plans to spend only £70 ; therefore he can save the remainder and purchase a range of financial assets which earn a rate of return .
in our example the man earning £100 per week plans to spend only £70 ; therefore he can save the remainder and [buy] a range of financial assets which earn a rate of return .

These speculative balances are available for the purchase of types of wealth such as financial assets , since wealth held as money , although it has the advantage of being perfectly liquid , earns no rate of return .
these speculative balances are available for the [buy] of types of wealth such as financial assets , since wealth held as money , although it has the advantage of being perfectly liquid , earns no rate of return .

Thus speculative balances will be held in anticipation of the purchase of non-monetary assets at some future date .
thus speculative balances will be held in anticipation of the [buy] of non-monetary assets at some future date .

their yield will rise ) , then they will not purchase these assets now because they will suffer a capital loss if their expectations are borne out by experience .
their yield will rise ) , then they will not [buy] these assets now because they will suffer a capital loss if their expectations are borne out by experience .

The extra money balances are therefore available as a direct form of wealth holding , or else they can be used to purchase those financial assets which are a close substitute .
the extra money balances are therefore available as a direct form of wealth holding , or else they can be used to [buy] those financial assets which are a close substitute .

We have already established the Keynesian view that an increase in the money supply will lead to the purchase of financial assets .
we have already established the keynesian view that an increase in the money supply will lead to the [buy] of financial assets .

At each stage , yields will fall as economic transactors adjust to the ‘ disturbance ’ through the purchase of close substitutes .
at each stage , yields will fall as economic transactors adjust to the ‘ disturbance ’ through the [buy] of close substitutes .

Keynesians assume that investment expenditures are the more likely to be influenced by changes in interest rates , since raising money to purchase capital goods — perhaps through the issue of equities or through borrowing from the banks — is more attractive when interest rates are lower .
keynesians assume that investment expenditures are the more likely to be influenced by changes in interest rates , since raising money to [buy] capital goods — perhaps through the issue of equities or through borrowing from the banks — is more attractive when interest rates are lower .

On divorce a married woman may now apply for a property transfer order , and this can be made even if she has made no direct financial contribution to the purchase or improvement of the matrimonial home .
on divorce a married woman may now apply for a property transfer order , and this can be made even if she has made no direct financial contribution to the [buy] or improvement of the matrimonial home .

Where there is an order for sale the division of the proceeds of sale rarely gives the woman enough capital to purchase a new home .
where there is an order for sale the division of the proceeds of sale rarely gives the woman enough capital to [buy] a new home .

The purchase and use of washing-machines , dishwashers , vacuum-cleaners , cookers , micro-wave ovens , freezers and other such goods , is an act which , while not changing the relations of production and the mode of production , does alter the productive forces in this sector of the economy .
the [buy] and use of washing-machines , dishwashers , vacuum-cleaners , cookers , micro-wave ovens , freezers and other such goods , is an act which , while not changing the relations of production and the mode of production , does alter the productive forces in this sector of the economy .

Tony Philpin , Pennine Way co-ordinator , said that by tackling all the problem areas simultaneously the project was more cost effective in terms of the bulk purchase of the flags and hiring the helicopters .
tony philpin , pennine way co-ordinator , said that by tackling all the problem areas simultaneously the project was more cost effective in terms of the bulk [buy] of the flags and hiring the helicopters .

We are indebted to the Sports Council for providing financial assistance for the purchase of bolts , stakes and abseil chains and sledgehammers .
we are indebted to the sports council for providing financial assistance for the [buy] of bolts , stakes and abseil chains and sledgehammers .

Between 1337 and 1353 the tax on wool formed part of a series of schemes under which the king attempted to establish a body of powerful and wealthy merchants who would be granted a monopoly in the purchase and export of wool in return for making loans to the king which would be repaid from the maltote , the export tax on wool .
between 1337 and 1353 the tax on wool formed part of a series of schemes under which the king attempted to establish a body of powerful and wealthy merchants who would be granted a monopoly in the [buy] and export of wool in return for making loans to the king which would be repaid from the maltote , the export tax on wool .

Thus in 1343 the commons granted the maltote in return for a concession that the minimum price for wool should be increased and that no one should be allowed to purchase wool below that price .
thus in 1343 the commons granted the maltote in return for a concession that the minimum price for wool should be increased and that no one should be allowed to [buy] wool below that price .

His department contributed £2.3 million towards the fund set up to purchase what was described yesterday as southern England 's last wilderness , a designated Site of Special Scientific Interest of international importance for its bird population .
his department contributed £2.3 million towards the fund set up to [buy] what was described yesterday as southern england 's last wilderness , a designated site of special scientific interest of international importance for its bird population .

Peter Roberts of Kuperard , who launched the charity scheme last year , says this is enough to purchase 350 mats ( against the 90 he was able to distribute last year ) , and he is planning to hand them out in the second week of January .
peter roberts of kuperard , who launched the charity scheme last year , says this is enough to [buy] 350 mats ( against the 90 he was able to distribute last year ) , and he is planning to hand them out in the second week of january .

The trust is preparing to launch its two-year appeal to pay off land purchase loans , improve road access for the disabled , provide parking , toilets and a wildlife pond and carry out site clearance .
the trust is preparing to launch its two-year appeal to pay off land [buy] loans , improve road access for the disabled , provide parking , toilets and a wildlife pond and carry out site clearance .

It may also be a good option if you purchase materials as a group ; you can then share out the paper , cut to size as required .
it may also be a good option if you [buy] materials as a group ; you can then share out the paper , cut to size as required .

Food , household fuel , the purchase , cleaning , repair and replacement of clothing and footwear , normal travel costs , weekly laundry costs , miscellaneous household articles , cleaning materials window-cleaning and replacement of small household goods ( for example , crockery , cooking utensils , light bulbs ) , and leisure and amenity items such as television licences and rental , confectionery and tobacco .
food , household fuel , the [buy] , cleaning , repair and replacement of clothing and footwear , normal travel costs , weekly laundry costs , miscellaneous household articles , cleaning materials window-cleaning and replacement of small household goods ( for example , crockery , cooking utensils , light bulbs ) , and leisure and amenity items such as television licences and rental , confectionery and tobacco .

Fresh from winning the 1993 Good Housekeeping Award , the final proceeds of their 1991 win have been used to purchase a new asset which will help anyone trying to fight the flab or who wants to improve his or her fitness .
fresh from winning the 1993 good housekeeping award , the final proceeds of their 1991 win have been used to [buy] a new asset which will help anyone trying to fight the flab or who wants to improve his or her fitness .

the motor cycle shown in the schedule which belongs to you or is being bought under a hire purchase agreement
the motor cycle shown in the schedule which belongs to you or is being bought under a hire [buy] agreement

liability beyond the minimum requirements of the Road Traffic Acts , for any motor cycle which belongs to , or is being bought by , you under a hire purchase agreement and of which you have not told us
liability beyond the minimum requirements of the road traffic acts , for any motor cycle which belongs to , or is being bought by , you under a hire [buy] agreement and of which you have not told us

If the motor cycle belongs to someone else or is the subject of a hire purchase or leasing agreement , payment for the total loss or destruction of the motor cycle will normally be made to the motor cycles legal owner .
if the motor cycle belongs to someone else or is the subject of a hire [buy] or leasing agreement , payment for the total loss or destruction of the motor cycle will normally be made to the motor cycles legal owner .

Loss of , or damage to , any motor cycle which you are driving or using , which does not belong to you and is not being bought by you under a hire purchase agreement .
loss of , or damage to , any motor cycle which you are driving or using , which does not belong to you and is not being bought by you under a hire [buy] agreement .

the caravan shown in the schedule which belongs to you or is being bought by you under a hire purchase agreement
the caravan shown in the schedule which belongs to you or is being bought by you under a hire [buy] agreement

If the caravan is the subject of a hire purchase agreement , payment for the total loss or destruction of the caravan will normally be made to the caravans legal owner .
if the caravan is the subject of a hire [buy] agreement , payment for the total loss or destruction of the caravan will normally be made to the caravans legal owner .

If , within one year of purchase as new in your name , your caravan is
if , within one year of [buy] as new in your name , your caravan is

the purchase price as new of the lost or damaged caravan or (
the [buy] price as new of the lost or damaged caravan or (

If to the knowledge of the Corporation the property is the subject of a Hire Purchase Agreement such payment shall be made to the Owner described therein whose receipt shall be a full and final discharge to the Corporation in respect of such loss or damage .
if to the knowledge of the corporation the property is the subject of a hire [buy] agreement such payment shall be made to the owner described therein whose receipt shall be a full and final discharge to the corporation in respect of such loss or damage .

the car shown in the schedule which belongs to you , is leased by you or which you or your wife or husband are buying under a hire purchase agreement
the car shown in the schedule which belongs to you , is leased by you or which you or your wife or husband are buying under a hire [buy] agreement

If the car belongs to someone else or is part of a hire purchase or leasing agreement , payment for the total loss or destruction of the car will normally be made to the cars legal owner .
if the car belongs to someone else or is part of a hire [buy] or leasing agreement , payment for the total loss or destruction of the car will normally be made to the cars legal owner .

Loss of or damage to any car which you are driving or using , which does not belong to you , is not being bought by you under a hire purchase agreement or is not leased to you .
loss of or damage to any car which you are driving or using , which does not belong to you , is not being bought by you under a hire [buy] agreement or is not leased to you .

the car shown in the schedule which belongs to you , is leased by you or which you or your wife or husband are buying under a hire purchase agreement
the car shown in the schedule which belongs to you , is leased by you or which you or your wife or husband are buying under a hire [buy] agreement

If the car belongs to someone else or is part of a hire purchase or leasing agreement , payment for the total loss or destruction of the car will normally be made to the cars legal owner .
if the car belongs to someone else or is part of a hire [buy] or leasing agreement , payment for the total loss or destruction of the car will normally be made to the cars legal owner .

Loss of or damage to any car which you are driving or using , which does not belong to you , is not being bought by you under a hire purchase agreement or is not leased to you .
loss of or damage to any car which you are driving or using , which does not belong to you , is not being bought by you under a hire [buy] agreement or is not leased to you .

the car shown in the schedule which belongs to you , is leased by you or which you or your wife or husband are buying under a hire purchase agreement
the car shown in the schedule which belongs to you , is leased by you or which you or your wife or husband are buying under a hire [buy] agreement

If the car belongs to someone else or is part of a hire purchase or leasing agreement , payment for the total loss or destruction of the car will normally be made to the cars legal owner .
if the car belongs to someone else or is part of a hire [buy] or leasing agreement , payment for the total loss or destruction of the car will normally be made to the cars legal owner .

Loss of or damage to any car which you are driving or using , which does not belong to you , is not being bought by you under a hire purchase agreement or is not leased to you .
loss of or damage to any car which you are driving or using , which does not belong to you , is not being bought by you under a hire [buy] agreement or is not leased to you .

the car shown in the schedule which belongs to you , is leased by you or which you or your wife or husband are buying under a hire purchase agreement
the car shown in the schedule which belongs to you , is leased by you or which you or your wife or husband are buying under a hire [buy] agreement

the driving by the Policyholder of any motor car not belonging to him and not hired to him under a Hire Purchase Agreement .
the driving by the policyholder of any motor car not belonging to him and not hired to him under a hire [buy] agreement .

If to the knowledge of the Corporation such motor car is the subject of a Hire Purchase Agreement such payment shall be made to the Owner described therein whose receipt shall be full and final discharge to the Corporation in respect of such loss or damage .
if to the knowledge of the corporation such motor car is the subject of a hire [buy] agreement such payment shall be made to the owner described therein whose receipt shall be full and final discharge to the corporation in respect of such loss or damage .

the amount of such value added tax and car tax shall be calculated on the purchase price of the car which was the subject of the total loss settlement
the amount of such value added tax and car tax shall be calculated on the [buy] price of the car which was the subject of the total loss settlement

while mounting into or dismounting from or travelling in any private motor car not belonging to the Policyholder or wife/husband and not hired to either under a hire purchase agreement bodily injury caused by violent accidental external and visible means the Corporation will pay to such injured person or to his or her legal personal representatives provided such injury shall solely and independently of any other cause result within three calendar months of the accident in
while mounting into or dismounting from or travelling in any private motor car not belonging to the policyholder or wife/husband and not hired to either under a hire [buy] agreement bodily injury caused by violent accidental external and visible means the corporation will pay to such injured person or to his or her legal personal representatives provided such injury shall solely and independently of any other cause result within three calendar months of the accident in

The Plan warns , however , that the inflation rate of book and manuscript prices continues to outpace the general rate of inflation and this year 's increase in Purchase Grant .
the plan warns , however , that the inflation rate of book and manuscript prices continues to outpace the general rate of inflation and this year 's increase in [buy] grant .

It is , therefore , particularly gratifying to be able to report that , in response to the case for maintaining the level of purchases made by the Library with the support of other Scottish research libraries , and users , both local and remote , Government agreed in December 1989 to restore substantially the level of the Library 's Purchase Grant in 1990–91 by allocating an additional £200,000 for purchases for the Library 's collections .
it is , therefore , particularly gratifying to be able to report that , in response to the case for maintaining the level of purchases made by the library with the support of other scottish research libraries , and users , both local and remote , government agreed in december 1989 to restore substantially the level of the library 's [buy] grant in 1990–91 by allocating an additional £200,000 for purchases for the library 's collections .

It is pleasing to report the purchase during the year from the private owner of twenty-four half-sheets of a copy of Breviarium Aberdonense ( Edinburgh , 1509–10 ) , generally known as the Aberdeen Breviary , the earliest surviving substantial work known to have been printed in Scotland .
it is pleasing to report the [buy] during the year from the private owner of twenty-four half-sheets of a copy of breviarium aberdonense ( edinburgh , 1509–10 ) , generally known as the aberdeen breviary , the earliest surviving substantial work known to have been printed in scotland .

Works of the 18th-century Enlightenment have long been collected by the Library to add to the existing collections : this year the purchase of the second edition of Adam Smith 's An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations ( London , 1778 ) enabled the Library to achieve a complete representation of editions of this most important work issued during the lifetime of the author .
works of the 18th-century enlightenment have long been collected by the library to add to the existing collections : this year the [buy] of the second edition of adam smith 's an inquiry into the nature and causes of the wealth of nations ( london , 1778 ) enabled the library to achieve a complete representation of editions of this most important work issued during the lifetime of the author .

Additions to the Library 's already strong holdings on photography have a high priority for purchase .
additions to the library 's already strong holdings on photography have a high priority for [buy] .

The Manuscripts Division continued to acquire a substantial and varied amount of material , by donation , deposit , and purchase .
the manuscripts division continued to acquire a substantial and varied amount of material , by donation , deposit , and [buy] .

Essential financial assistance towards the purchase was given by the National Heritage Memorial Fund , the MacRobert Trusts , the Wolfson Foundation , and the Friends of the National Libraries .
essential financial assistance towards the [buy] was given by the national heritage memorial fund , the macrobert trusts , the wolfson foundation , and the friends of the national libraries .

Funding being limited , it is not always possible to purchase foreign maps with Scottish associations or simply to fill gaps in the collection .
funding being limited , it is not always possible to [buy] foreign maps with scottish associations or simply to fill gaps in the collection .

… The best purchase decision you 'll ever make !
… the best [buy] decision you 'll ever make !

According to Martyn Fear , drill bit specialist from the Drilling Technology group in Aberdeen , the duration of the rotating time required to drill the well , the extremely rough drilling conditions , the time spent tripping and replacing worn bits , and the costs of bit purchase are all highly dependent upon drill bit efficiency .
according to martyn fear , drill bit specialist from the drilling technology group in aberdeen , the duration of the rotating time required to drill the well , the extremely rough drilling conditions , the time spent tripping and replacing worn bits , and the costs of bit [buy] are all highly dependent upon drill bit efficiency .

In the case of other stocks , cost is ascertained by reference to purchase price plus duty where appropriate .
in the case of other stocks , cost is ascertained by reference to [buy] price plus duty where appropriate .

At 31 December 1992 the Group had forward purchase commitments amounting to Deutschmarks 9 million ( 1991 : nil ) .
at 31 december 1992 the group had forward [buy] commitments amounting to deutschmarks 9 million ( 1991 : nil ) .

If you wish to purchase any of the above , please complete the enclosed Proceedings Order Form ( which also lists other Proceedings still available ) and return it to the Conference Department at Staple Inn .
if you wish to [buy] any of the above , please complete the enclosed proceedings order form ( which also lists other proceedings still available ) and return it to the conference department at staple inn .

after purchase substantial work required and new survey indicated only value was that of the site .
after [buy] substantial work required and new survey indicated only value was that of the site .

in the event that a purchaser is persuaded to purchase a property based on a surveyors valuation , the level of damages will be based on the correct market value allowing for the true condition of the property , and not the cost of repairs which need to be carried out .
in the event that a purchaser is persuaded to [buy] a property based on a surveyors valuation , the level of damages will be based on the correct market value allowing for the true condition of the property , and not the cost of repairs which need to be carried out .

The description of the property together with the age and purchase price should be considered for accuracy .
the description of the property together with the age and [buy] price should be considered for accuracy .

either the value of the property at the time of the loss , taking into account depreciation/wear and tear and the original purchase price or the cost of repairing to the immediate pre-accident condition .
either the value of the property at the time of the loss , taking into account depreciation/wear and tear and the original [buy] price or the cost of repairing to the immediate pre-accident condition .

Fixed term appointees may not purchase additional years of reckonable service under the Scheme .
fixed term appointees may not [buy] additional years of reckonable service under the scheme .

Replacement with a new car without making any deduction for depreciation if your car is written off or stolen within twelve months of purchase as new .
replacement with a new car without making any deduction for depreciation if your car is written off or stolen within twelve months of [buy] as new .

‘ If you look at something like raising a purchase order , what it tends to involve is combining bits of paper from different departments and only at the very end is a computer entry made — which is not a massive improvement on all-paper systems , ’ said .
‘ if you look at something like raising a [buy] order , what it tends to involve is combining bits of paper from different departments and only at the very end is a computer entry made — which is not a massive improvement on all-paper systems , ’ said .

In Counterpurchase , the buyer agrees to purchase on normal commercial terms , including making foreign exchange available .
in counterpurchase , the buyer agrees to [buy] on normal commercial terms , including making foreign exchange available .

Forfaiting involves a contract between the exporter and the forfaiter [ probably a subsidiary of a major bank ] to purchase accepted bills at an agreed discount at future dates , in normal circumstances without recourse to the exporter .
forfaiting involves a contract between the exporter and the forfaiter [ probably a subsidiary of a major bank ] to [buy] accepted bills at an agreed discount at future dates , in normal circumstances without recourse to the exporter .

Prize in the Village 500 — 2000 section and a voucher value £40 to be used to purchase gardening goods from any Island nursery .
prize in the village 500 — 2000 section and a voucher value £40 to be used to [buy] gardening goods from any island nursery .

But there 's no ‘ wow ’ factor in just getting it right and so much of the work is a distress purchase .
but there 's no ‘ wow ’ factor in just getting it right and so much of the work is a distress [buy] .

Less than a third agreed they came by their fees easily , while half felt they made a positive effort to support and understand clients and 59 per cent that they respond very positively to requests for help and advice ( although these two groups of responses should be seen in the light of that ‘ distress purchase ’ attitude , where lawyers are unlikely to be negative when a client suddenly calls up offering business ) .
less than a third agreed they came by their fees easily , while half felt they made a positive effort to support and understand clients and 59 per cent that they respond very positively to requests for help and advice ( although these two groups of responses should be seen in the light of that ‘ distress [buy] ’ attitude , where lawyers are unlikely to be negative when a client suddenly calls up offering business ) .

For lenders there is clearly a more desirable proposition in a public house that has a higher beverages or ‘ wet ’ side than a ‘ dry ’ side , because if someone wants to purchase a pub with a high ‘ dry ’ side , and they do not have much catering experience , then their turnover could diminish rapidly .
for lenders there is clearly a more desirable proposition in a public house that has a higher beverages or ‘ wet ’ side than a ‘ dry ’ side , because if someone wants to [buy] a pub with a high ‘ dry ’ side , and they do not have much catering experience , then their turnover could diminish rapidly .

This consists not only of the direct costs of making the film , such as the purchase of equipment and labour ; but also the indirect , tourist effects of spending in hotels , shops and restaurants .
this consists not only of the direct costs of making the film , such as the [buy] of equipment and labour ; but also the indirect , tourist effects of spending in hotels , shops and restaurants .

Tennis Courts By the closing date , 13th December 1991 , no objections had been lodged to the Compulsory Purchase Order on the tennis courts .
tennis courts by the closing date , 13th december 1991 , no objections had been lodged to the compulsory [buy] order on the tennis courts .

Tennis Courts The Compulsory Purchase Order was approved by the Council on 17th October and made on 31st October .
tennis courts the compulsory [buy] order was approved by the council on 17th october and made on 31st october .

Tennis Courts The Secretary of State confirmed the compulsory purchase order and the necessary notice that the order had been confirmed was inserted in the Scotsman on 2nd April .
tennis courts the secretary of state confirmed the compulsory [buy] order and the necessary notice that the order had been confirmed was inserted in the scotsman on 2nd april .

From Councillor Paolo Vestri , Convenor of the Recreation Committee of Edinburgh District Council , stating that the agreement reached to ask the Planning Department to pursue a compulsory purchase order on the tennis court site does not include the Cooking Centre .
from councillor paolo vestri , convenor of the recreation committee of edinburgh district council , stating that the agreement reached to ask the planning department to pursue a compulsory [buy] order on the tennis court site does not include the cooking centre .

The making of a compulsory purchase order was approved on 10th May .
the making of a compulsory [buy] order was approved on 10th may .

Letter of thanks from Mrs Cunning of the music department of Currie High School expressing her thanks for the cheque for £10 sent to be used for the purchase of music .
letter of thanks from mrs cunning of the music department of currie high school expressing her thanks for the cheque for £10 sent to be used for the [buy] of music .

The lease has now expired and a compulsory purchase order has been placed .
the lease has now expired and a compulsory [buy] order has been placed .

It was agreed , as a first step , to purchase a large roll of suitable paper .
it was agreed , as a first step , to [buy] a large roll of suitable paper .

Similarly the tennis court site is subject to a compulsory purchase order from the Liston Foulis Trust at present being pursued by the Edinburgh District Council .
similarly the tennis court site is subject to a compulsory [buy] order from the liston foulis trust at present being pursued by the edinburgh district council .

However , the plan also contained the proposal to make Juniper Green a conservation area which is much welcomed and suggested the compulsory purchase order not only of the tennis courts but also the Woodhall Paper Mill site which would then be landscaped and integrated into the Water of Leith Walkway .
however , the plan also contained the proposal to make juniper green a conservation area which is much welcomed and suggested the compulsory [buy] order not only of the tennis courts but also the woodhall paper mill site which would then be landscaped and integrated into the water of leith walkway .

It was agreed to postpone the purchase and erection of the fencing till the spring .
it was agreed to postpone the [buy] and erection of the fencing till the spring .

The Compulsory Purchase Order on the Belmont Road/Baberton Avenue passed .
the compulsory [buy] order on the belmont road/baberton avenue passed .

Notification of the compulsory purchase order has been placed in the public press .
notification of the compulsory [buy] order has been placed in the public press .

The exhibition aims to raise awareness of the subtle advertising and marketing techniques employed to encourage and increase the purchase of a wide variety of goods .
the exhibition aims to raise awareness of the subtle advertising and marketing techniques employed to encourage and increase the [buy] of a wide variety of goods .

They continued their bloodthirsty chatter , as they identified the weak and the injured and went over to negotiate a purchase price .
they continued their bloodthirsty chatter , as they identified the weak and the injured and went over to negotiate a [buy] price .

Books , Materials and Equipment The standard maintenance allowance in grants includes a sum of about £246 for the purchase of books , equipment and materials .
books , materials and equipment the standard maintenance allowance in grants includes a sum of about £246 for the [buy] of books , equipment and materials .

The feudal nobility and mercantile bourgeoisie were integrated into the absolutist state mainly by the purchase of offices in the public apparatus of the state .
the feudal nobility and mercantile bourgeoisie were integrated into the absolutist state mainly by the [buy] of offices in the public apparatus of the state .

Salaman identifies two basic features of work : the purchase of labour power from which surplus value is appropriated , which requires management ; and the conflict which this generates , which needs to be controlled : ‘ under capitalism , management takes on functions specific to the needs and problems of controlling and directing the labour power of potentially recalcitrant employees to achieve profit ’ ( Salaman 1980b , p. 11 ) .
salaman identifies two basic features of work : the [buy] of labour power from which surplus value is appropriated , which requires management ; and the conflict which this generates , which needs to be controlled : ‘ under capitalism , management takes on functions specific to the needs and problems of controlling and directing the labour power of potentially recalcitrant employees to achieve profit ’ ( salaman 1980b , p. 11 ) .

And for agencies that supply some goods or services for purchase there are the consumers who pay for individual units of collectively provided goods .
and for agencies that supply some goods or services for [buy] there are the consumers who pay for individual units of collectively provided goods .

All customers who accept our estimates for complete rewires will have the option to purchase a security light at just £9.95 , which represents a saving of over £50 on the normal retail price .
all customers who accept our estimates for complete rewires will have the option to [buy] a security light at just £9.95 , which represents a saving of over £50 on the normal retail price .

In addition to jobs , the measurable benefits of economic TNPs include the exports due to foreign firms , and the backward linkages that they set up in the host economy , that is the locally produced goods and services they purchase , either from existing firms or from firms established primarily to supply the TNCs .
in addition to jobs , the measurable benefits of economic tnps include the exports due to foreign firms , and the backward linkages that they set up in the host economy , that is the locally produced goods and services they [buy] , either from existing firms or from firms established primarily to supply the tncs .

The purchase of materials and components , backward linkages , is usually in foreign currency , but linkages also have a more general industrial significance in all three Worlds alike .
the [buy] of materials and components , backward linkages , is usually in foreign currency , but linkages also have a more general industrial significance in all three worlds alike .

The purchase of land also presupposes that the peasantry involved were able to accumulate cash , which can have been done only by the production of surplus crops and their sale in a market .
the [buy] of land also presupposes that the peasantry involved were able to accumulate cash , which can have been done only by the production of surplus crops and their sale in a market .

After 1445 Fastolf continued to buy property — indeed his best-known purchase , the Boar 's Head Inn in Southwark , was bought for £200 in 1450 .
after 1445 fastolf continued to buy property — indeed his best-known [buy] , the boar 's head inn in southwark , was bought for £200 in 1450 .

The fact that lands were available for purchase presupposes that there were sellers as well as buyers , and much less is known about who these were , and why they were selling , than is known about the purchasers .
the fact that lands were available for [buy] presupposes that there were sellers as well as buyers , and much less is known about who these were , and why they were selling , than is known about the purchasers .

However , in view of their long-standing relationship the bank was prepared to take a chance and said that it would lend Tack 40 % of the purchase price .
however , in view of their long-standing relationship the bank was prepared to take a chance and said that it would lend tack 40 % of the [buy] price .

Answer guide : When the cost does not relate to the business , e.g. the purchase of private assets through the business bank account .
answer guide : when the cost does not relate to the business , e.g. the [buy] of private assets through the business bank account .

Give the customer a rebate on the purchase price of £100 .
give the customer a rebate on the [buy] price of £100 .

Day 2 Chairs — The issue is do we record them when the purchase is made or only on delivery which is the next day .
day 2 chairs — the issue is do we record them when the [buy] is made or only on delivery which is the next day .

Purchase of stock of raw materials on credit terms .
[buy] of stock of raw materials on credit terms .

Purchase of production machines for cash .
[buy] of production machines for cash .

The opportunity cost of a resource may , in some circumstances , be higher than the resource 's purchase price .
the opportunity cost of a resource may , in some circumstances , be higher than the resource 's [buy] price .

The use of a scarce resource involves not only the purchase price but also the contribution foregone by not being able to accept other opportunities .
the use of a scarce resource involves not only the [buy] price but also the contribution foregone by not being able to accept other opportunities .

In such cases the cost of a resource includes the external ( purchase price ) and internal opportunity cost .
in such cases the cost of a resource includes the external ( [buy] price ) and internal opportunity cost .

Purchase of goods for resale are made on credit .
[buy] of goods for resale are made on credit .

The firm has agreed to purchase new stock handling equipment .
the firm has agreed to [buy] new stock handling equipment .

From the cash surpluses from trading activities it would appear that the firm can afford , in cash terms , to finance the purchase of the new stock handling equipment .
from the cash surpluses from trading activities it would appear that the firm can afford , in cash terms , to finance the [buy] of the new stock handling equipment .

However , it seems that some additional finance will have to be raised to finance the proposed purchase of property .
however , it seems that some additional finance will have to be raised to finance the proposed [buy] of property .

The nature of the finance to be raised to fund the purchase of the property will depend upon a number of factors , for example the cost of finance from differing sources of capital and the firms current capital structure .
the nature of the finance to be raised to fund the [buy] of the property will depend upon a number of factors , for example the cost of finance from differing sources of capital and the firms current capital structure .

Nevertheless , there is concern that if wealthy individuals are able to purchase their own higher-priced coverage , a two-tiered health system will develop .
nevertheless , there is concern that if wealthy individuals are able to [buy] their own higher-priced coverage , a two-tiered health system will develop .

If the government increases the money supply to increase the price level to engineer a fall in the real wage , actors can be expected to be fully aware of this and hence to adjust the nominal wage so that no real purchase on the economy can be obtained .
if the government increases the money supply to increase the price level to engineer a fall in the real wage , actors can be expected to be fully aware of this and hence to adjust the nominal wage so that no real [buy] on the economy can be obtained .

Local governments with high tax rates would be forced to reduce the rate of tax on salt to that pertaining in lower-rate localities , or else lose revenue by seeing their residents travel to purchase salt elsewhere .
local governments with high tax rates would be forced to reduce the rate of tax on salt to that pertaining in lower-rate localities , or else lose revenue by seeing their residents travel to [buy] salt elsewhere .

At one extreme there is the abstract tax theorist who analyses with great sophistication the introduction of subtle variations on ‘ ( 1-t ) ’ into his or her equations , while at the other there are those applying the percentage of an academic 's book purchase price that is tax-deductible .
at one extreme there is the abstract tax theorist who analyses with great sophistication the introduction of subtle variations on ‘ ( 1-t ) ’ into his or her equations , while at the other there are those applying the percentage of an academic 's book [buy] price that is tax-deductible .

Purchase the effects of the late Victor Zenobia .
[buy] the effects of the late victor zenobia .

‘ Shall we peruse Mr Kobold 's intended purchase ? ’
‘ shall we peruse mr kobold 's intended [buy] ? ’

The purchase of a London taxi .
the [buy] of a london taxi .

Purchase fifteen Biros .
[buy] fifteen biros .

Existing tickets are valid for the new dates although refunds can be obtained if required form point of purchase .
existing tickets are valid for the new dates although refunds can be obtained if required form point of [buy] .

Only 12 of the 268 men who became free through completing an apprenticeship or by purchase were born in York .
only 12 of the 268 men who became free through completing an apprenticeship or by [buy] were born in york .

Thus we can see there are structural limits to the power of money to win elections though money is vital to purchase the resources necessary for a successful campaign , e.g .
thus we can see there are structural limits to the power of money to win elections though money is vital to [buy] the resources necessary for a successful campaign , e.g .

Each complete purchase is put at around £500,000 .
each complete [buy] is put at around £500,000 .

On every floor the two ex-public schoolboys are helped into Armani suits , Ralph Lauren sweaters and Pierre Cardin shirts before leaving without a purchase .
on every floor the two ex-public schoolboys are helped into armani suits , ralph lauren sweaters and pierre cardin shirts before leaving without a [buy] .

He plays for the Whitehaven Tennis Club and is involved in their purchase of new tennis courts .
he plays for the whitehaven tennis club and is involved in their [buy] of new tennis courts .

Leisl Martin , Wages and Purchase Ledger Clerk , completely surrounded by computers , keyboards , VDUs , typewriters and printers .
leisl martin , wages and [buy] ledger clerk , completely surrounded by computers , keyboards , vdus , typewriters and printers .

The government has talked of ’ wrongdoing ’ in the Al Fayeds ' purchase of Harrods . It should publish its findings without further delay
the government has talked of ’ wrongdoing ’ in the al fayeds ' [buy] of harrods . it should publish its findings without further delay

Nor was their purchase the straightforward financial operation they claimed .
nor was their [buy] the straightforward financial operation they claimed .

It was his persistent badgering that led another Tory industry secretary , Mr Paul Channon , to commission an inspectors report into the Al Fayeds ' purchase in 1987 .
it was his persistent badgering that led another tory industry secretary , mr paul channon , to commission an inspectors report into the al fayeds ' [buy] in 1987 .

The purchase of an 85 % stake by Olympus Europa in the Human Group , a leading diagnostic reagent manufacturer based in Germany , enables Olympus to offer total systems including analytical instruments , reagents and service with applicational and financial consulting .
the [buy] of an 85 % stake by olympus europa in the human group , a leading diagnostic reagent manufacturer based in germany , enables olympus to offer total systems including analytical instruments , reagents and service with applicational and financial consulting .

In marketing terms , it is known as ‘ Brand Loyalty ’ when satisfied customers return to make a repeat purchase .
in marketing terms , it is known as ‘ brand loyalty ’ when satisfied customers return to make a repeat [buy] .

At both , he received cheques with which he intends to purchase a camera , some carpets for his house and perhaps enjoy a holiday with his wife Margaret .
at both , he received cheques with which he intends to [buy] a camera , some carpets for his house and perhaps enjoy a holiday with his wife margaret .

Countertrade may take forms such as counter purchase , which requires suppliers to a country to buy a certain amount of goods in return , or barter , where goods are exchanged for other goods .
countertrade may take forms such as counter [buy] , which requires suppliers to a country to buy a certain amount of goods in return , or barter , where goods are exchanged for other goods .

The Act allows building societies to enter into such schemes as equity share and deferred purchase .
the act allows building societies to enter into such schemes as equity share and deferred [buy] .

As already explained in chapter 4 a 100 % allowance is available on the purchase of a commercial building in a designated enterprise zone .
as already explained in chapter 4 a 100 % allowance is available on the [buy] of a commercial building in a designated enterprise zone .

Under both the Institution of Civil Engineer 's Conditions of Contract ( fifth edition ) and Joint Contracts Tribunal conditions the contractor may apply for payment for permanent work done to date and , depending on the terms of the contract , for purchase of goods off site ( subject to title to the goods having passed to the employer ) .
under both the institution of civil engineer 's conditions of contract ( fifth edition ) and joint contracts tribunal conditions the contractor may apply for payment for permanent work done to date and , depending on the terms of the contract , for [buy] of goods off site ( subject to title to the goods having passed to the employer ) .

If you 're at all dissatisfied , simply return your order within 30 days of purchase for a refund of the unit price .
if you 're at all dissatisfied , simply return your order within 30 days of [buy] for a refund of the unit price .

Also in January 1990 an agreement was signed with France for the purchase of French mobile radar equipment .
also in january 1990 an agreement was signed with france for the [buy] of french mobile radar equipment .

The potential profits of the buyers of the 60 per cent of Entel to be sold off would be reduced by being based on the purchase price of $ 1,900 million and not on the $ 3,500 million net asset value as fixed by the government .
the potential profits of the buyers of the 60 per cent of entel to be sold off would be reduced by being based on the [buy] price of $ 1,900 million and not on the $ 3,500 million net asset value as fixed by the government .

In addition buyers would be required to purchase a minimum of $ 220 million of foreign debt in cash and $ 380 million in government bonds .
in addition buyers would be required to [buy] a minimum of $ 220 million of foreign debt in cash and $ 380 million in government bonds .

Menem subsequently met President Jaime Paz Zamora of Bolivia in La Paz on Dec. 14 where bilateral agreements were signed including one covering the purchase of Bolivian natural gas .
menem subsequently met president jaime paz zamora of bolivia in la paz on dec. 14 where bilateral agreements were signed including one covering the [buy] of bolivian natural gas .

Fluctuations occurred throughout the year : the deficit in May was $ 10,200 million , an increase of 23.6 per cent over April due to an increase in imports of oil and industrial equipment and to the effect on exports of the rise in value of the dollar ; in July and September the deficits fell to a five-year low due to a decline in the purchase of foreign machinery and consumer goods , and to an increase in aircraft exports .
fluctuations occurred throughout the year : the deficit in may was $ 10,200 million , an increase of 23.6 per cent over april due to an increase in imports of oil and industrial equipment and to the effect on exports of the rise in value of the dollar ; in july and september the deficits fell to a five-year low due to a decline in the [buy] of foreign machinery and consumer goods , and to an increase in aircraft exports .

[ See below for weapons purchase agreements . ]
[ see below for weapons [buy] agreements . ]

The Financial Times of Nov. 27 , 1989 , reported that the United Kingdom was seeking to arrange a £2,000 million bank loan to finance Saudi Arabia 's continued purchase of British arms under the massive Al-Yamamah arms deal first agreed in 1985 and expanded in 1988 [ see pp .
the financial times of nov. 27 , 1989 , reported that the united kingdom was seeking to arrange a £2,000 million bank loan to finance saudi arabia 's continued [buy] of british arms under the massive al-yamamah arms deal first agreed in 1985 and expanded in 1988 [ see pp .

34012 ; 36312 ; 36952 ] , chiefly involving the purchase of Tornado fighter-bombers built by British Aerospace ( BAe ) and currently estimated to be worth some £20,000 million .
34012 ; 36312 ; 36952 ] , chiefly involving the [buy] of tornado fighter-bombers built by british aerospace ( bae ) and currently estimated to be worth some £20,000 million .

The accusation ( the first to be made against Barry publicly and under oath ) came as Lewis pleaded guilty to two charges of conspiring to purchase crack , as part of a plea bargain in which the prosecution dropped a further 15 charges in return for the assistance of Lewis in investigating Barry .
the accusation ( the first to be made against barry publicly and under oath ) came as lewis pleaded guilty to two charges of conspiring to [buy] crack , as part of a plea bargain in which the prosecution dropped a further 15 charges in return for the assistance of lewis in investigating barry .

Imposed mandatory sanctions against Iraqi and Kuwaiti trade , affecting all purchase or transshipment of oil and other commodities and products , banning new investment , and banning sale or supply of any products , including arms , but excepting medical supplies and foodstuffs `` in humanitarian circumstances `` .
imposed mandatory sanctions against iraqi and kuwaiti trade , affecting all [buy] or transshipment of oil and other commodities and products , banning new investment , and banning sale or supply of any products , including arms , but excepting medical supplies and foodstuffs `` in humanitarian circumstances `` .

The state would purchase 93 per cent of the country 's fertile maize- and tobacco-growing acreage , which generated 42 per cent of the country 's foreign currency .
the state would [buy] 93 per cent of the country 's fertile maize- and tobacco-growing acreage , which generated 42 per cent of the country 's foreign currency .

The Council ( of children ) has agreed to effect a compulsory purchase .
the council ( of children ) has agreed to effect a compulsory [buy] .

Bids to purchase stock have to be submitted by 10 a.m. on an appointed day and the Bank then decides how many of the bids to accept .
bids to [buy] stock have to be submitted by 10 a.m. on an appointed day and the bank then decides how many of the bids to accept .

It also meant that financial institutions put less of their funds into gilt-edged stocks and , in consequence , were more ready to purchase other fixed-interest securities .
it also meant that financial institutions put less of their funds into gilt-edged stocks and , in consequence , were more ready to [buy] other fixed-interest securities .

Or alternatively if cash has been allocated for a later purchase of , say , an expected new issue of bonds and the fear is of prices rising , an investor can hedge by buying a future or by acquiring a call option .
or alternatively if cash has been allocated for a later [buy] of , say , an expected new issue of bonds and the fear is of prices rising , an investor can hedge by buying a future or by acquiring a call option .

Thus the inconvenience of negotiation can be avoided and a decision to purchase can be made at any time and immediately put into effect .
thus the inconvenience of negotiation can be avoided and a decision to [buy] can be made at any time and immediately put into effect .

Since the cash outlay on initial margin is only a small fraction of the value of the futures contract , price movements in the underlying asset have a magnified effect on this investment compared with a straight purchase of the underlying asset .
since the cash outlay on initial margin is only a small fraction of the value of the futures contract , price movements in the underlying asset have a magnified effect on this investment compared with a straight [buy] of the underlying asset .

Thus the purchase of a put option is exactly equivalent to purchasing a call option at the same exercise price and simultaneously selling the underlying asset and investing a sum equal to the exercise price in a riskless bond .
thus the [buy] of a put option is exactly equivalent to purchasing a call option at the same exercise price and simultaneously selling the underlying asset and investing a sum equal to the exercise price in a riskless bond .

The Bank occasionally lends to the market or uses purchase and resale agreements ( see below ) .
the bank occasionally lends to the market or uses [buy] and resale agreements ( see below ) .

Under the arrangements first introduced in late 1980 , emphasis is placed on bill dealings as a method of relieving money market shortages and the outright purchase of bills from the discount houses is the most common form of assistance provided .
under the arrangements first introduced in late 1980 , emphasis is placed on bill dealings as a method of relieving money market shortages and the outright [buy] of bills from the discount houses is the most common form of assistance provided .

Purchase and resale agreements are occasionally used as an alternative to outright purchases .
[buy] and resale agreements are occasionally used as an alternative to outright purchases .

Syndication of the deal is arranged after purchase ( transferring risk from the issuer to the intermediary ) .
syndication of the deal is arranged after [buy] ( transferring risk from the issuer to the intermediary ) .

Chinese envoys in Europe and America did little negotiating : they were concerned mainly with the protection of Chinese abroad and with the collection of information and the purchase of guns , ships and machinery for their government .
chinese envoys in europe and america did little negotiating : they were concerned mainly with the protection of chinese abroad and with the collection of information and the [buy] of guns , ships and machinery for their government .

Likewise it is only a few exceptional relationships which have the short-term characteristic of a money purchase in the market .
likewise it is only a few exceptional relationships which have the short-term characteristic of a money [buy] in the market .

There are cases where , from an economic point of view , the marriage valuables represent the purchase of a husband by the bride rather than vice versa , and the general European pattern , which is met with in many other parts of the world , is for the principal payment to be the bride 's `` dowry `` , a set of assets which she brings with her into the marriage as a part of her inheritance from her own kin .
there are cases where , from an economic point of view , the marriage valuables represent the [buy] of a husband by the bride rather than vice versa , and the general european pattern , which is met with in many other parts of the world , is for the principal payment to be the bride 's `` dowry `` , a set of assets which she brings with her into the marriage as a part of her inheritance from her own kin .

Chapter 07 deals with sale and purchase agreements in detail .
chapter 07 deals with sale and [buy] agreements in detail .

This is normally only an issue in purchase advisory work .
this is normally only an issue in [buy] advisory work .

In practical terms , the information contained in the tombstone should always be general rather than specific and should be cleared with the parties named therein in advance and we should aim to ensure that publication does not breach the heads of agreement , confidentiality terms , sale and purchase contract or other agreements .
in practical terms , the information contained in the tombstone should always be general rather than specific and should be cleared with the parties named therein in advance and we should aim to ensure that publication does not breach the heads of agreement , confidentiality terms , sale and [buy] contract or other agreements .

Sale and purchase agreement
sale and [buy] agreement

The sale and purchase agreement is drafted by the vendor 's solicitors and not the purchaser 's and is often enclosed in the transmittal letter .
the sale and [buy] agreement is drafted by the vendor 's solicitors and not the purchaser 's and is often enclosed in the transmittal letter .

The negotiation process is an on-going process which commences with the issue of the Information memorandum , passes through the formal negotiating stage to the heads of agreement and normally ends with the detailed negotiation of purchase and sale agreement clauses .
the negotiation process is an on-going process which commences with the issue of the information memorandum , passes through the formal negotiating stage to the heads of agreement and normally ends with the detailed negotiation of [buy] and sale agreement clauses .

This leaves ground for misunderstandings and may lead to a disappointed purchaser seeking to reduce the purchase consideration by disputing the accounting policies used for the completion accounts .
this leaves ground for misunderstandings and may lead to a disappointed purchaser seeking to reduce the [buy] consideration by disputing the accounting policies used for the completion accounts .

the policy for holiday pay accrual etc ) to the purchase and sale agreement .
the policy for holiday pay accrual etc ) to the [buy] and sale agreement .

An example of accounting policies to be included in a purchase and sale agreement are set out in section 1102.22 .
an example of accounting policies to be included in a [buy] and sale agreement are set out in section 1102.22 .

The completion stage of the sales process involves the preparation of the sale and purchase agreement by the vendor 's and purchaser 's lawyers , other legal formalities such as the disclosure letter , the announcement of the sale and the agreement of the completion accounts .
the completion stage of the sales process involves the preparation of the sale and [buy] agreement by the vendor 's and purchaser 's lawyers , other legal formalities such as the disclosure letter , the announcement of the sale and the agreement of the completion accounts .

0508.2 Sale and purchase agreement
0508.2 sale and [buy] agreement

It is inevitable that the lawyers will reach deadlock in their negotiations over the detailed terms in the purchase and sale agreement .
it is inevitable that the lawyers will reach deadlock in their negotiations over the detailed terms in the [buy] and sale agreement .

The deal is not in the bag until the ink is on the purchase and sale agreement so always keep looking for the opportunity to close the door and complete the deal .
the deal is not in the bag until the ink is on the [buy] and sale agreement so always keep looking for the opportunity to close the door and complete the deal .

The devising of an appropriate deal structure can be as important to the financial success of the transaction as the strategic fit with the candidate and the reasonableness of the purchase price .
the devising of an appropriate deal structure can be as important to the financial success of the transaction as the strategic fit with the candidate and the reasonableness of the [buy] price .

Whether to write off loans due to the vendors appearing in the target balance sheet or repay them and reduce the purchase price accordingly ?
whether to write off loans due to the vendors appearing in the target balance sheet or repay them and reduce the [buy] price accordingly ?

The initial purchase consideration should reflect the present performance of the business .
the initial [buy] consideration should reflect the present performance of the business .

07 Sale and purchase agreements
07 sale and [buy] agreements

The sale and purchase agreement
the sale and [buy] agreement

Drafting of sale and purchase agreements is the responsibility of the solicitors .
drafting of sale and [buy] agreements is the responsibility of the solicitors .

It is normal practice for the definitive sale and purchase agreement to be drafted by the acquirer 's solicitors .
it is normal practice for the definitive sale and [buy] agreement to be drafted by the acquirer 's solicitors .

The warranties ( but not usually the tax indemnities ) in the sale and purchase agreement are given subject to disclosures made in a separate disclosure letter from the seller ( or its solicitors ) to the acquirer ( or its solicitors ) handed over in final form at the time of the signing of the agreement .
the warranties ( but not usually the tax indemnities ) in the sale and [buy] agreement are given subject to disclosures made in a separate disclosure letter from the seller ( or its solicitors ) to the acquirer ( or its solicitors ) handed over in final form at the time of the signing of the agreement .

0702 The sale and purchase agreement
0702 the sale and [buy] agreement

The nature and length of sale and purchase agreements vary enormously , most particularly depending on the nature and length of the warranties and any indemnities to be given by the seller .
the nature and length of sale and [buy] agreements vary enormously , most particularly depending on the nature and length of the warranties and any indemnities to be given by the seller .

An aide memoire for use when reviewing sale and purchase agreements is set out at 1109.2 .
an aide memoire for use when reviewing sale and [buy] agreements is set out at 1109.2 .

If there is a breach of warranty , subject to any limitations in the contract , the acquirer will be entitled to damages representing the difference between the value of the shares or the business with all the warranties fulfilled — which need not be ( but generally will be ) the same as the purchase consideration — and their actual value at that time in view of the breach of warranty .
if there is a breach of warranty , subject to any limitations in the contract , the acquirer will be entitled to damages representing the difference between the value of the shares or the business with all the warranties fulfilled — which need not be ( but generally will be ) the same as the [buy] consideration — and their actual value at that time in view of the breach of warranty .

Thus the acquirer should be compensated for its loss of bargain and , in very extreme cases , damages could exceed the purchase consideration .
thus the acquirer should be compensated for its loss of bargain and , in very extreme cases , damages could exceed the [buy] consideration .

The parties can make provision in the agreement for a different measure of damages which , for example , may be appropriate if the acquirer is to invest large amounts of money in the offeree and hence could lose much more than merely the purchase consideration .
the parties can make provision in the agreement for a different measure of damages which , for example , may be appropriate if the acquirer is to invest large amounts of money in the offeree and hence could lose much more than merely the [buy] consideration .

Under an indemnity , a person is liable on a pound for pound basis for any loss , whether or not the purchase price would actually have been reduced if that liability had been discovered prior to contract .
under an indemnity , a person is liable on a pound for pound basis for any loss , whether or not the [buy] price would actually have been reduced if that liability had been discovered prior to contract .

It may be preferably for any payments to be payable to the purchaser and to be stated to be adjustments to the purchase price .
it may be preferably for any payments to be payable to the purchaser and to be stated to be adjustments to the [buy] price .

It is usual to seek to limit warranty liability to the amount of the purchase consideration and sometimes , especially in very large transactions possibly with a high property content , a much smaller sum is negotiated .
it is usual to seek to limit warranty liability to the amount of the [buy] consideration and sometimes , especially in very large transactions possibly with a high property content , a much smaller sum is negotiated .

valuations relating to a company 's purchase of its own shares
valuations relating to a company 's [buy] of its own shares

Purchase of own shares
[buy] of own shares

The goodwill in this case maybe calculated on two to three years ' purchase of so-called absolute net profit ( ie net profit after allowing for the salary of a fully-qualified manager for each shop ) .
the goodwill in this case maybe calculated on two to three years ' [buy] of so-called absolute net profit ( ie net profit after allowing for the salary of a fully-qualified manager for each shop ) .

Other similar businesses can often be valued at around two years ' purchase of the average of the last three years net profits without deduction for proprietor 's remuneration or interest on capital .
other similar businesses can often be valued at around two years ' [buy] of the average of the last three years net profits without deduction for proprietor 's remuneration or interest on capital .

Valuations on purchase of own shares by a company
valuations on [buy] of own shares by a company

This can be achieved by ensuring that we fall within the exemption contained in Section 60(1) of the Companies Act , which states that an offer or invitation is not to be treated as made to the public ‘ if it can properly be regarded , in all the circumstances , as not being calculated to result , directly or indirectly , in the shares or debentures becoming available for subscription or purchase by persons other than those receiving the offer or invitation , or otherwise as being a domestic concern of the persons receiving and making it ’ .
this can be achieved by ensuring that we fall within the exemption contained in section 60(1) of the companies act , which states that an offer or invitation is not to be treated as made to the public ‘ if it can properly be regarded , in all the circumstances , as not being calculated to result , directly or indirectly , in the shares or debentures becoming available for subscription or [buy] by persons other than those receiving the offer or invitation , or otherwise as being a domestic concern of the persons receiving and making it ’ .

The Companies Act 1985 also contains provisions relating to the protection of minorities , for example , on the issue of shares for non-cash consideration , compulsory purchase provisions on takeovers and other general provisions .
the companies act 1985 also contains provisions relating to the protection of minorities , for example , on the issue of shares for non-cash consideration , compulsory [buy] provisions on takeovers and other general provisions .

We would review with lawyers the sale and purchase agreement and advise as to the reasonableness of clauses where required ; we will also attend where necessary the drafting meetings and final completion meetings .
we would review with lawyers the sale and [buy] agreement and advise as to the reasonableness of clauses where required ; we will also attend where necessary the drafting meetings and final completion meetings .

Our client is under no obligation to accept any offer , whether or not such offer represents the highest purchase price proposed by any of the prospective purchasers .
our client is under no obligation to accept any offer , whether or not such offer represents the highest [buy] price proposed by any of the prospective purchasers .

a partial sale of [ shareholder ] 's x% stake with agreement for purchase of the remaining stock at some specified time in the future ; or
a partial sale of [ shareholder ] 's x% stake with agreement for [buy] of the remaining stock at some specified time in the future ; or

enter into a definitive agreement for the purchase and sale of the shares of the Company without prior notice to other prospective purchasers .
enter into a definitive agreement for the [buy] and sale of the shares of the company without prior notice to other prospective purchasers .

It is intended that the vendors shall provide a draft purchase and sale document and draft disclosure letter prior to the submission of the binding offer .
it is intended that the vendors shall provide a draft [buy] and sale document and draft disclosure letter prior to the submission of the binding offer .

This includes an executive summary of the opportunity , a description of the business and other details relevant to the purchase of [ name ] .
this includes an executive summary of the opportunity , a description of the business and other details relevant to the [buy] of [ name ] .

Shortlisted bidders who wish to make a final offer for the business will be required to make a binding offer based on the documentation provided , subject only to specific provisos and their proposed amendments to the sale and purchase agreement .
shortlisted bidders who wish to make a final offer for the business will be required to make a binding offer based on the documentation provided , subject only to specific provisos and their proposed amendments to the sale and [buy] agreement .

a draft sale and purchase agreement ;
a draft sale and [buy] agreement ;

It is not envisaged that any material changes will be made to the sale and purchase agreement .
it is not envisaged that any material changes will be made to the sale and [buy] agreement .

1102.22 Example accounting policies to be included in the purchase and sale agreement
1102.22 example accounting policies to be included in the [buy] and sale agreement

( e ) Hire Purchase and Leased Assets
( e ) hire [buy] and leased assets

Assets held under hire purchase and finance lease arrangements that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the group are to be capitalised at a value equal to the original cost incurred by the lessor less accumulated depreciation and the related rental obligations are to be included in creditors .
assets held under hire [buy] and finance lease arrangements that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the group are to be capitalised at a value equal to the original cost incurred by the lessor less accumulated depreciation and the related rental obligations are to be included in creditors .

( e ) Hire Purchase and Leased Assets
( e ) hire [buy] and leased assets

Assets held under hire purchase and finance lease arrangements that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the group are to be capitalised at a value equal to the original cost incurred by the lessor less accumulated depreciation and the related rental obligations are to be included in creditors .
assets held under hire [buy] and finance lease arrangements that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the group are to be capitalised at a value equal to the original cost incurred by the lessor less accumulated depreciation and the related rental obligations are to be included in creditors .

This investment overview does not constitute an offer or invitation to persons to subscribe for or purchase any shares or other securities in any company or for persons to enter or offer into an investment agreement or to exercise any rights conferred by a investment to acquire , dispose of , underwrite or convert an investment .
this investment overview does not constitute an offer or invitation to persons to subscribe for or [buy] any shares or other securities in any company or for persons to enter or offer into an investment agreement or to exercise any rights conferred by a investment to acquire , dispose of , underwrite or convert an investment .

This document is not a prospectus and does not constitute or form any part of any offer or invitation to subscribe for , underwrite or purchase securities .
this document is not a prospectus and does not constitute or form any part of any offer or invitation to subscribe for , underwrite or [buy] securities .

Each recipient doing business in or organised under the laws of the United States of America or in areas subject to its jurisdiction represents that it is an institutional investor , expressing an interest for its own account and agrees not to purchase , distribute or sell any of the Company 's securities or any interest therein except in compliance with the above laws . ]
each recipient doing business in or organised under the laws of the united states of america or in areas subject to its jurisdiction represents that it is an institutional investor , expressing an interest for its own account and agrees not to [buy] , distribute or sell any of the company 's securities or any interest therein except in compliance with the above laws . ]

The Information will be used by you solely for the purpose of evaluating the possible purchase by you of the Company and , unless and until you have completed such a transaction , the Information will be kept confidential by you and will not be disclosed , in whole or in part to any other person , except that the Information or portions thereof may be disclosed to those of your directors , officers , employees , agents , auditors , lawyers , bankers and professional advisers ( collectively ‘ Representatives ’ ) who need to know such information for the purpose of evaluating the prospective acquisition ( it being understood that those Representatives will be informed of the confidential nature of the Information and shall agree to be bound by this Agreement and , if requested by ourselves , will enter into a direct agreement with us on the same terms as this Agreement ) .
the information will be used by you solely for the purpose of evaluating the possible [buy] by you of the company and , unless and until you have completed such a transaction , the information will be kept confidential by you and will not be disclosed , in whole or in part to any other person , except that the information or portions thereof may be disclosed to those of your directors , officers , employees , agents , auditors , lawyers , bankers and professional advisers ( collectively ‘ representatives ’ ) who need to know such information for the purpose of evaluating the prospective acquisition ( it being understood that those representatives will be informed of the confidential nature of the information and shall agree to be bound by this agreement and , if requested by ourselves , will enter into a direct agreement with us on the same terms as this agreement ) .

To the best of our knowledge and belief there are no material undisclosed liabilities or contingencies existing as at the date of this letter relating to the Group that would be the responsibility of a purchaser subsequent to the purchase of the shares of the Group other than any such liabilities or contingencies of which a prudent purchaser might reasonably be expected to know having made appropriate enquiries .
to the best of our knowledge and belief there are no material undisclosed liabilities or contingencies existing as at the date of this letter relating to the group that would be the responsibility of a purchaser subsequent to the [buy] of the shares of the group other than any such liabilities or contingencies of which a prudent purchaser might reasonably be expected to know having made appropriate enquiries .

The Vendors undertake to grant an option , expiring on [ Date ] , to the [ purchaser ] for the sum of £ [ ] to purchase the company for the above sum of £ [ ] .
the vendors undertake to grant an option , expiring on [ date ] , to the [ purchaser ] for the sum of £ [ ] to [buy] the company for the above sum of £ [ ] .

Notwithstanding that these Heads of Agreement are headed ‘ Subject to Contract ’ and are expressed not to be legally binding , the parties agree as a legally binding commitment that they will treat , unless required by law or regulatory authority , in absolute confidence all terms of this agreement , the purchase and sale agreement and discussions in general .
notwithstanding that these heads of agreement are headed ‘ subject to contract ’ and are expressed not to be legally binding , the parties agree as a legally binding commitment that they will treat , unless required by law or regulatory authority , in absolute confidence all terms of this agreement , the [buy] and sale agreement and discussions in general .

‘ The report in which this notice to reader is incorporated does not constitute an offer or invitation to any section of the public to subscribe for or purchase any securities in Growing Business Limited .
‘ the report in which this notice to reader is incorporated does not constitute an offer or invitation to any section of the public to subscribe for or [buy] any securities in growing business limited .

That we will not during the period of 45 consecutive days immediately following the date of this letter enter into discussions with any other person relating to the disposal of our respective interest in the Shares unless you withdraw from negotiations for such purchase or unreasonably delay such negotiations ; and
that we will not during the period of 45 consecutive days immediately following the date of this letter enter into discussions with any other person relating to the disposal of our respective interest in the shares unless you withdraw from negotiations for such [buy] or unreasonably delay such negotiations ; and

This company does not constitute an offer or invitation to persons to subscribe for or purchase any shares or other securities in any company or for persons to enter or offer to enter into an investment agreement or to exercise any rights conferred by an investment to acquire , dispose of , underwrite or convert an investment .
this company does not constitute an offer or invitation to persons to subscribe for or [buy] any shares or other securities in any company or for persons to enter or offer to enter into an investment agreement or to exercise any rights conferred by an investment to acquire , dispose of , underwrite or convert an investment .

Should you actually purchase the business we would require an introduction fee ( see attached schedule ) to be paid by you , and the vendor would pay a fee to [ K.Thompson Associates ] .
should you actually [buy] the business we would require an introduction fee ( see attached schedule ) to be paid by you , and the vendor would pay a fee to [ k.thompson associates ] .

The Vendor can not say whether any contracts contain a provision which ‘ might reasonably be regarded as material for disclose to a purchase of the value of the Business ’ .
the vendor can not say whether any contracts contain a provision which ‘ might reasonably be regarded as material for disclose to a [buy] of the value of the business ’ .

No person presently doing business with the Vendor nor any customer or supplier who is in the habit of purchasing from or selling to the Vendor ( as the case may be ) in relation to the Business will within twelve calendar months from Completion cease so to do or otherwise substantially reduce its purchase from or supplies to the Business .
no person presently doing business with the vendor nor any customer or supplier who is in the habit of purchasing from or selling to the vendor ( as the case may be ) in relation to the business will within twelve calendar months from completion cease so to do or otherwise substantially reduce its [buy] from or supplies to the business .

As with rods it is advisable to purchase a reel produced by a reputable manufacturer and the old adage ’ you get what you pay for ’ is certainly true .
as with rods it is advisable to [buy] a reel produced by a reputable manufacturer and the old adage ’ you get what you pay for ’ is certainly true .

It was established by Sir William Pelham , who began to purchase land in Lincolnshire from about 1565 .
it was established by sir william pelham , who began to [buy] land in lincolnshire from about 1565 .

The topic of the research is the management buyout — the purchase of the whole or part of a company by its managers .
the topic of the research is the management buyout — the [buy] of the whole or part of a company by its managers .

Private generators could either sell direct to final customers by leasing the use of the public sector 's transmission network ( the Act guaranteed access on specified terms ) or they could sell to the public sector electricity industry ( the Act required purchase to take place on specified terms ) .
private generators could either sell direct to final customers by leasing the use of the public sector 's transmission network ( the act guaranteed access on specified terms ) or they could sell to the public sector electricity industry ( the act required [buy] to take place on specified terms ) .

However , the management and financing of capital assets in the public sector has given rise to many problem areas , such as those associated with capital controls and deferred purchase arrangements in local authorities , poor asset utilisation , deteriorating physical condition and problems of financing asset replacement , and questions of how capital should be incorporated into devolved budgetary arrangements , such as the Financial Management Initiative in central government .
however , the management and financing of capital assets in the public sector has given rise to many problem areas , such as those associated with capital controls and deferred [buy] arrangements in local authorities , poor asset utilisation , deteriorating physical condition and problems of financing asset replacement , and questions of how capital should be incorporated into devolved budgetary arrangements , such as the financial management initiative in central government .

Coveyancing — This is the procedure where all legal matters of the property purchase are dealt with .
coveyancing — this is the procedure where all legal matters of the property [buy] are dealt with .

There is increasing pressure on people to plan for their own old age , possibly using their assets to purchase suitable accommodation and personal care .
there is increasing pressure on people to plan for their own old age , possibly using their assets to [buy] suitable accommodation and personal care .

The primary purpose of this research is to develop a methodology capable of analysing these complex interrelated issues , focusing in particular on the economic pressures created by the handing on of the business from father to son and from the purchase of land .
the primary purpose of this research is to develop a methodology capable of analysing these complex interrelated issues , focusing in particular on the economic pressures created by the handing on of the business from father to son and from the [buy] of land .

Afro Caribbean council housing and council house purchase
afro caribbean council housing and council house [buy]

‘ La nouvelle vague ’ : British house purchase in Northern France
‘ la nouvelle vague ’ : british house [buy] in northern france

This project aims to investigate the operations of estate agents and purchasers , in order to examine both supply and demand aspects of house purchase .
this project aims to investigate the operations of estate agents and purchasers , in order to examine both supply and demand aspects of house [buy] .

When you buy something from a shop , you have a contract with the retailer which means that the Sale of Goods Act 1979 covers your purchase and gives you certain statutory rights .
when you buy something from a shop , you have a contract with the retailer which means that the sale of goods act 1979 covers your [buy] and gives you certain statutory rights .

Having purchased faulty goods , you can return to the shop ( within a short time of purchase ) and request a refund of money .
having purchased faulty goods , you can return to the shop ( within a short time of [buy] ) and request a refund of money .

Her most recent purchase — a transparent black coat over a long wrap skirt from Jigsaw , topped off with a dramatic black hat from La Beau Chapeau in Belfast — is destined for a wedding , and gives her the look of a modern day Mary Poppins in mourning .
her most recent [buy] — a transparent black coat over a long wrap skirt from jigsaw , topped off with a dramatic black hat from la beau chapeau in belfast — is destined for a wedding , and gives her the look of a modern day mary poppins in mourning .

‘ In our experience of past privatisations , customers have dipped into their savings to fund the share purchase and then returned to us a month later to deposit the proceeds of an immediate sale .
‘ in our experience of past privatisations , customers have dipped into their savings to fund the share [buy] and then returned to us a month later to deposit the proceeds of an immediate sale .

As the major source of funds for house purchase and a massive force in the financial system , building societies have increasingly been in the public eye since the early 1970s .
as the major source of funds for house [buy] and a massive force in the financial system , building societies have increasingly been in the public eye since the early 1970s .

And she had made a choice ; she had chosen not to go home , she had chosen to live here and cope with sharks between the furniture and Bryony 's contempt , in order to purchase a freedom … to choose what she would do next .
and she had made a choice ; she had chosen not to go home , she had chosen to live here and cope with sharks between the furniture and bryony 's contempt , in order to [buy] a freedom … to choose what she would do next .

He did not purchase the bulky illustrated books of the period , neither the insipid engravings of Lord Mayor Boydell , nor the delicate aquatints of Rudolph Ackermann , nothing from the needle of Piranesi .
he did not [buy] the bulky illustrated books of the period , neither the insipid engravings of lord mayor boydell , nor the delicate aquatints of rudolph ackermann , nothing from the needle of piranesi .

Prior to completion of the missives a meeting took place at the farm when an offer was made to purchase it from the defender at a price of £65,000 .
prior to completion of the missives a meeting took place at the farm when an offer was made to [buy] it from the defender at a price of £65,000 .

It was reported to the Group that their request to the Council of the Law Society to commission a firm of management consultants to make an examination of the property market in Scotland had been remitted to a Special Committee of the Society comprising representatives of its Purchase and Sale of Heritage and Professional Practice Committees .
it was reported to the group that their request to the council of the law society to commission a firm of management consultants to make an examination of the property market in scotland had been remitted to a special committee of the society comprising representatives of its [buy] and sale of heritage and professional practice committees .

‘ At a general meeting held in Edinburgh today solicitors representing the fourteen Property Centres throughout Scotland agreed that contrary to recent statements in the Press there is no insurmountable difficulty in getting mortgages for clients who wish to purchase a house at the present time .
‘ at a general meeting held in edinburgh today solicitors representing the fourteen property centres throughout scotland agreed that contrary to recent statements in the press there is no insurmountable difficulty in getting mortgages for clients who wish to [buy] a house at the present time .

The 16-year-old pony is well known on the Irish circuit and Roger is looking forward to the 1993 season with his new purchase .
the 16-year-old pony is well known on the irish circuit and roger is looking forward to the 1993 season with his new [buy] .

The game is a memorial one for Irish League secretary Mervyn Brown who died last year , with the receipts put into trust for the family — and to purchase the League headquarters in University Street to be named ‘ The Mervyn Brown Memorial Building . ’
the game is a memorial one for irish league secretary mervyn brown who died last year , with the receipts put into trust for the family — and to [buy] the league headquarters in university street to be named ‘ the mervyn brown memorial building . ’

In 1983 , Aintree racecourse — the home of the Grand National — seemed destined for development and a public appeal had failed to raise the money necessary to purchase it for the nation .
in 1983 , aintree racecourse — the home of the grand national — seemed destined for development and a public appeal had failed to raise the money necessary to [buy] it for the nation .

Agreed to purchase 2 Laserjet IIIsi printers .
agreed to [buy] 2 laserjet iiisi printers .

For reasons of flexibility , technical merit , and overall lower cost , we recommend purchase of the following equipment from Audio-Visual Consultants :
for reasons of flexibility , technical merit , and overall lower cost , we recommend [buy] of the following equipment from audio-visual consultants :

There is a possibility of additional funding being made available for capital purchase .
there is a possibility of additional funding being made available for capital [buy] .

Such an inventory should be compiled by the end of 1992 , to include location , responsible officer , machine specifications ( including add-ons ) , date of purchase , cost , network card address , repair costs and other features .
such an inventory should be compiled by the end of 1992 , to include location , responsible officer , machine specifications ( including add-ons ) , date of [buy] , cost , network card address , repair costs and other features .

We should introduce such systems within the next five years , and we need to purchase the necessary hardware and software soon , in order to begin the evaluation and development phases .
we should introduce such systems within the next five years , and we need to [buy] the necessary hardware and software soon , in order to begin the evaluation and development phases .

We advise that the Garden should purchase additional portable PCs for general use as pool stock .
we advise that the garden should [buy] additional portable pcs for general use as pool stock .

The purchase of externally-sourced catalogue records ( e.g .
the [buy] of externally-sourced catalogue records ( e.g .

We need to be developing such systems within the next five years , and we need to purchase the necessary hardware and software soon , so as to begin the evaluation and development phases .
we need to be developing such systems within the next five years , and we need to [buy] the necessary hardware and software soon , so as to begin the evaluation and development phases .

Responsible for the printing and despatching of purchase orders .
responsible for the printing and despatching of [buy] orders .

The procedures look fine for the purchase of one-off and novel items , but it occurs to me that it would save time and effort if we established ‘ preferred suppliers ’ for standard PCs , printers , and peripherals , so that we do n't have to obtain multiple quotes and give reasons for supplier choice each time we order an off-the-shelf system .
the procedures look fine for the [buy] of one-off and novel items , but it occurs to me that it would save time and effort if we established ‘ preferred suppliers ’ for standard pcs , printers , and peripherals , so that we do n't have to obtain multiple quotes and give reasons for supplier choice each time we order an off-the-shelf system .

My own recommendation would be that we purchase multiple copies of a booklet currently available at under £1 , and distribute it to users on a one-per-room basis .
my own recommendation would be that we [buy] multiple copies of a booklet currently available at under £1 , and distribute it to users on a one-per-room basis .

Where a publisher does not provide free reprints , the Library will purchase 50 reprints for staff use , provided funds are available , and provided also that the reprint orders are accompanied by an official Library order form .
where a publisher does not provide free reprints , the library will [buy] 50 reprints for staff use , provided funds are available , and provided also that the reprint orders are accompanied by an official library order form .

The cost of hardware is often small when compared with the real cost of software which includes not only the purchase cost but also the staff time of the organisation in which it is to be installed .
the cost of hardware is often small when compared with the real cost of software which includes not only the [buy] cost but also the staff time of the organisation in which it is to be installed .

She advanced the opinion that the bird would n't last much longer , and recommended Miss Vine to think about the purchase of a new one .
she advanced the opinion that the bird would n't last much longer , and recommended miss vine to think about the [buy] of a new one .

She could remember the purchase of each , standing about herself in Dunne 's or Burton 's , going from one branch to another .
she could remember the [buy] of each , standing about herself in dunne 's or burton 's , going from one branch to another .

There was the time , too , when her refusal to recognize any point in the purchase of a most promising yearling had both distressed and exasperated him .
there was the time , too , when her refusal to recognize any point in the [buy] of a most promising yearling had both distressed and exasperated him .

Before long , there was a new interest and activity in Dada 's life — an interest provided and paid for by Aunt Tossie , who had once divined how the extravagant purchase of the Bentley and the Purdey guns might , in some practical way , alleviate the loss of her wicked sister , his Love and Life ; would at any rate restore something to his self-esteem .
before long , there was a new interest and activity in dada 's life — an interest provided and paid for by aunt tossie , who had once divined how the extravagant [buy] of the bentley and the purdey guns might , in some practical way , alleviate the loss of her wicked sister , his love and life ; would at any rate restore something to his self-esteem .

Its purchase lifted her heart so much that she bought another .
its [buy] lifted her heart so much that she bought another .

The purchase of a car by a teacher for travel to work as an employee is classed as ‘ consumption ’ expenditure .
the [buy] of a car by a teacher for travel to work as an employee is classed as ‘ consumption ’ expenditure .

Should the teacher change his designation to self-employed and engage in privately contracted teaching , then the purchase of that same car could be classed as ‘ investment ’ expenditure .
should the teacher change his designation to self-employed and engage in privately contracted teaching , then the [buy] of that same car could be classed as ‘ investment ’ expenditure .

Borrowers , on the other hand , often need to borrow money for longer periods of time , as in the case of industrial investment or house purchase .
borrowers , on the other hand , often need to borrow money for longer periods of time , as in the case of industrial investment or house [buy] .

Investors are attracted by the more varied and attractive securities currently available for purchase , such as index-linked gilts , as well as by historically high yields .
investors are attracted by the more varied and attractive securities currently available for [buy] , such as index-linked gilts , as well as by historically high yields .

Leasing is a system whereby a financial institution purchases a piece of equipment and leases it back to the company , which then has the use of equipment it has not had to purchase .
leasing is a system whereby a financial institution purchases a piece of equipment and leases it back to the company , which then has the use of equipment it has not had to [buy] .

The other factor to consider is that the figures do not tell us about the amount of borrowing which comes about from increases in mortgages used for purposes other than house purchase .
the other factor to consider is that the figures do not tell us about the amount of borrowing which comes about from increases in mortgages used for purposes other than house [buy] .

The traditional business of the building societies has been the taking of small savings deposits and the financing of house purchase .
the traditional business of the building societies has been the taking of small savings deposits and the financing of house [buy] .

An example of such a qualification might occur where the manufacturer promises to refund the purchase price ‘ provided the goods are first returned carriage paid to manufacturer .
an example of such a qualification might occur where the manufacturer promises to refund the [buy] price ‘ provided the goods are first returned carriage paid to manufacturer .

‘ No claims to be made more than six weeks after purchase ’ ) .
‘ no claims to be made more than six weeks after [buy] ’ ) .

Where the purchase is merely incidental to the business , the purchase is not made ‘ in the course of ’ the business unless it is integral to the business and it will not be an integral part of the business unless the business makes purchases of that type with a degree of regularity .
where the [buy] is merely incidental to the business , the [buy] is not made ‘ in the course of ’ the business unless it is integral to the business and it will not be an integral part of the business unless the business makes purchases of that type with a degree of regularity .

The Unfair Contract Terms Act applies , with one small difference , to hire contracts as it does to contracts of sale of goods , hire purchase , barter and exchange , etc .
the unfair contract terms act applies , with one small difference , to hire contracts as it does to contracts of sale of goods , hire [buy] , barter and exchange , etc .

This right is an addition to any right to reject the goods or to recover the purchase price .
this right is an addition to any right to reject the goods or to recover the [buy] price .

Recovery of the purchase price
recovery of the [buy] price

His subsequent purchase is an ‘ independent and disconnected ’ transaction .
his subsequent [buy] is an ‘ independent and disconnected ’ transaction .

It should be noted that these rules relate only to agreements where at least one dealer is involved and also that they do not apply in the case of an agreement to purchase the goods bona fide on a joint account , e.g .
it should be noted that these rules relate only to agreements where at least one dealer is involved and also that they do not apply in the case of an agreement to [buy] the goods bona fide on a joint account , e.g .

where two dealers in partnership together wish to purchase goods for their business and agree that only one of them will bid .
where two dealers in partnership together wish to [buy] goods for their business and agree that only one of them will bid .

‘ Competitive bidding ’ includes any mode of sale whereby prospective purchasers may be enabled to compete for the purchase of articles , whether by way of increasing bids or by the offer of articles to be bid for at successively decreasing prices or otherwise .
‘ competitive bidding ’ includes any mode of sale whereby prospective purchasers may be enabled to compete for the [buy] of articles , whether by way of increasing bids or by the offer of articles to be bid for at successively decreasing prices or otherwise .

To put it another way , is it hire or is it purchase ?
to put it another way , is it hire or is it [buy] ?

Do you need a licence to extend hire purchase or other credit facilities ?
do you need a licence to extend hire [buy] or other credit facilities ?

Your business or home is threatened with a compulsory purchase order .
your business or home is threatened with a compulsory [buy] order .

The solicitor 's role is crucial : to ensure that the sale or purchase of your home is managed efficiently and professionally .
the solicitor 's role is crucial : to ensure that the sale or [buy] of your home is managed efficiently and professionally .

Survey advice — a surveyor may recommend that a purchase should only go ahead — often on an old property — if certain building work is done .
survey advice — a surveyor may recommend that a [buy] should only go ahead — often on an old property — if certain building work is done .

Mortgage advice — how to arrange the money for your house purchase quickly and get the best bargain , without being sold a life assurance policy that you may not need
mortgage advice — how to arrange the money for your house [buy] quickly and get the best bargain , without being sold a life assurance policy that you may not need

‘ My home is threatened by a compulsory purchase order .
‘ my home is threatened by a compulsory [buy] order .

If you work as an in-house solicitor , you will have responsibility for drafting and keeping up to date standard contract documents for use by your employer in the main business — from simple invoice terms and conditions of sale or purchase to those suitable for major projects and transactions and non-standard contracts for individual or complicated projects .
if you work as an in-house solicitor , you will have responsibility for drafting and keeping up to date standard contract documents for use by your employer in the main business — from simple invoice terms and conditions of sale or [buy] to those suitable for major projects and transactions and non-standard contracts for individual or complicated projects .

Members of the profession will be able to purchase copies from the Law Society 's Book Shop in the Strand .
members of the profession will be able to [buy] copies from the law society 's book shop in the strand .

For example , people who give financial advice may be well placed to use this as an opportunity to make a profit for themselves , say , by recommending the purchase of property which they themselves want to sell .
for example , people who give financial advice may be well placed to use this as an opportunity to make a profit for themselves , say , by recommending the [buy] of property which they themselves want to sell .

‘ We are delighted that since we announced the sales , we have received over 70 applications to purchase from tenants .
‘ we are delighted that since we announced the sales , we have received over 70 applications to [buy] from tenants .

All you need in order to be able to take advantage of a low-cost upgrade is a proof of purchase ( registration counts ) which might be the first page of your manual for the product you already have , your sales invoice from the dealer that sold you the product ( a photocopy will do ) , a copy of the setup disk ( they 're serialised , you see ) , or , for Windows , a copy of the invoice for a machine that comes complete with Windows .
all you need in order to be able to take advantage of a low-cost upgrade is a proof of [buy] ( registration counts ) which might be the first page of your manual for the product you already have , your sales invoice from the dealer that sold you the product ( a photocopy will do ) , a copy of the setup disk ( they 're serialised , you see ) , or , for windows , a copy of the invoice for a machine that comes complete with windows .

The next thing to remember is to keep all the paperwork involved with any purchase , especially the invoice .
the next thing to remember is to keep all the paperwork involved with any [buy] , especially the invoice .

Called ‘ Trade Ups ’ , the idea is to provide proof of purchase of a competing product , for which you get to buy the ‘ better ’ product at a very low price , probably only a few pounds more than existing users can upgrade for .
called ‘ trade ups ’ , the idea is to provide proof of [buy] of a competing product , for which you get to buy the ‘ better ’ product at a very low price , probably only a few pounds more than existing users can upgrade for .

‘ With two £1,000 commissions to be won and a further £1,000 to purchase additional works , it was extremely difficult to make a final choice , ’ explained Grampian Hospital Arts Administrator Graham Smart .
‘ with two £1,000 commissions to be won and a further £1,000 to [buy] additional works , it was extremely difficult to make a final choice , ’ explained grampian hospital arts administrator graham smart .

Ianthe turned away , slightly embarrassed , and began wrapping up the purchase .
ianthe turned away , slightly embarrassed , and began wrapping up the [buy] .

Prior to this service , pump manufacturers would only provide a test pump for a well if the customer agreed to purchase the unit or pay for repairs at the end of the test period .
prior to this service , pump manufacturers would only provide a test pump for a well if the customer agreed to [buy] the unit or pay for repairs at the end of the test period .

Immediately it sprouted numerous legs and scrabbled for a purchase .
immediately it sprouted numerous legs and scrabbled for a [buy] .

This burgeoning set of collectors emerging from a lower class and without the cultural or educational background of the gentry were reluctant to relinquish the familiarity of their own country and language by travelling abroad to purchase foreign art works .
this burgeoning set of collectors emerging from a lower class and without the cultural or educational background of the gentry were reluctant to relinquish the familiarity of their own country and language by travelling abroad to [buy] foreign art works .

Take , for example , the purchase of a wordprocessing program for a personal computer .
take , for example , the [buy] of a wordprocessing program for a personal computer .

The money was raised for the purchase of a syringe driver , and in her letter of thanks , the Hospice Matron said : ‘ These pumps are extremely useful , and give many people the kind of pain relief that is sometimes difficult to achieve by other means .
the money was raised for the [buy] of a syringe driver , and in her letter of thanks , the hospice matron said : ‘ these pumps are extremely useful , and give many people the kind of pain relief that is sometimes difficult to achieve by other means .

The good work however does not stop there , as another £336 has already been raised and this time will be used to purchase a wheelchair for the Hospice .
the good work however does not stop there , as another £336 has already been raised and this time will be used to [buy] a wheelchair for the hospice .

By displaying its attractive logo , customers are reassured when considering a purchase .
by displaying its attractive logo , customers are reassured when considering a [buy] .

When the company began to embody computers in its products , the engineers responsible were dismayed when they found that a 50 per cent overhead on the purchase price of the hardware had been charged by the estimators .
when the company began to embody computers in its products , the engineers responsible were dismayed when they found that a 50 per cent overhead on the [buy] price of the hardware had been charged by the estimators .

In respect of any assets held under finance leases , an amount representing the original outright purchase price is included in the cost of fixed assets .
in respect of any assets held under finance leases , an amount representing the original outright [buy] price is included in the cost of fixed assets .

On acquisition of a business , the purchase consideration is allocated between the underlying tangible assets and liabilities on the basis of the fair value to the Group in accordance with its accounting policies .
on acquisition of a business , the [buy] consideration is allocated between the underlying tangible assets and liabilities on the basis of the fair value to the group in accordance with its accounting policies .

purchase system for buying Japanese goods and services as an incentive for Japanese buyers to renew contracts for Iranian crude .
[buy] system for buying japanese goods and services as an incentive for japanese buyers to renew contracts for iranian crude .

In 1990 Richard Cork made a selection of prints for purchase at an affordable rate by hospitals .
in 1990 richard cork made a selection of prints for [buy] at an affordable rate by hospitals .

3 In a letter to John Rothenstein , then director of the Tate Gallery , she asked him to buy more of her pictures , writing that ‘ every purchase of my work strengthens and enriches the sum of good pictures at the Tate Gallery ’ .
3 in a letter to john rothenstein , then director of the tate gallery , she asked him to buy more of her pictures , writing that ‘ every [buy] of my work strengthens and enriches the sum of good pictures at the tate gallery ’ .

The comprehensive tour included barley purchase , intake , laboratory , steeping , germination , kilns and malt dispatch .
the comprehensive tour included barley [buy] , intake , laboratory , steeping , germination , kilns and malt dispatch .

This year was dominated by the purchase of from , completed in mid-year .
this year was dominated by the [buy] of from , completed in mid-year .

The philosophy was to ‘ purchase for profit ’ , as few people as possible to be authorised to spend the company 's money whether raw materials , machinery and stationery and never tell anyone how the Company performed .
the philosophy was to ‘ [buy] for profit ’ , as few people as possible to be authorised to spend the company 's money whether raw materials , machinery and stationery and never tell anyone how the company performed .

After de-centralization of the Animal Foods Division in 1966 , and the disbanding of the Desk , began the job of paying the expenses and purchase ledger work for head office — which she still does today .
after de-centralization of the animal foods division in 1966 , and the disbanding of the desk , began the job of paying the expenses and [buy] ledger work for head office — which she still does today .

joined the purchase ledger department in August .
joined the [buy] ledger department in august .

from purchase ledger tied the knot to on a beautiful summers day on .
from [buy] ledger tied the knot to on a beautiful summers day on .

Resolution 6 — Purchase of Own Shares
resolution 6 — [buy] of own shares

Shareholders have previously given the Company authority to purchase and cancel its own shares .
shareholders have previously given the company authority to [buy] and cancel its own shares .

the maximum price which may be paid for a Share shall be not more than 5% above the average of the middle market quotations derived from the London Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the ten business days immediately preceding the date of purchase of the Share ; and
the maximum price which may be paid for a share shall be not more than 5% above the average of the middle market quotations derived from the london stock exchange daily official list for the ten business days immediately preceding the date of [buy] of the share ; and

unless renewed the authority hereby conferred shall expire fifteen months after the passing of this Resolution or at the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company whichever is the earlier save that the Company may , prior to such expiry , enter into a contract to purchase Shares which will or may be executed wholly or partly after such expiry and purchase Shares pursuant to such contract ;
unless renewed the authority hereby conferred shall expire fifteen months after the passing of this resolution or at the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the company whichever is the earlier save that the company may , prior to such expiry , enter into a contract to [buy] shares which will or may be executed wholly or partly after such expiry and [buy] shares pursuant to such contract ;

and that all Shares so purchased in pursuance of this authority shall be cancelled immediately upon completion of the purchase and the amount of the Company 's issued share capital ( but not authorised share capital ) shall be reduced by the nominal amount of the Shares so purchased ’ .
and that all shares so purchased in pursuance of this authority shall be cancelled immediately upon completion of the [buy] and the amount of the company 's issued share capital ( but not authorised share capital ) shall be reduced by the nominal amount of the shares so purchased ’ .

It is often argued , for example , that concepts of country and city give us decreasing analytical purchase on the way in which advanced capitalist societies are developing .
it is often argued , for example , that concepts of country and city give us decreasing analytical [buy] on the way in which advanced capitalist societies are developing .

We have advanced ‘ moral careers ’ as another useful concept , this giving us a special purchase on that elusive quality : human agency .
we have advanced ‘ moral careers ’ as another useful concept , this giving us a special [buy] on that elusive quality : human agency .

Managers have probably sanctioned the purchase of computer hardware and software but have not involved themselves with their use .
managers have probably sanctioned the [buy] of computer hardware and software but have not involved themselves with their use .

Accordingly the fast-sailing Brixham smacks arrived to purchase the fish and race them to Portsmouth .
accordingly the fast-sailing brixham smacks arrived to [buy] the fish and race them to portsmouth .

Without prior purchase there was little opportunity to invest in land , except for those `` professionals `` tapping its rising value indirectly through offering mortgages .
without prior [buy] there was little opportunity to invest in land , except for those `` professionals `` tapping its rising value indirectly through offering mortgages .

For several reasons more people had come to depend on the cash purchase of goods .
for several reasons more people had come to depend on the cash [buy] of goods .

Professor Hoskins perceived the compulsion under which labourers might enter the world of the money wage and the cash purchase when he assessed the impact of `` agricultural improvement `` on the village of Wigston in Leicestershire .
professor hoskins perceived the compulsion under which labourers might enter the world of the money wage and the cash [buy] when he assessed the impact of `` agricultural improvement `` on the village of wigston in leicestershire .

It rests also on the insight that income `` transferred `` by this means was not used only for the minimum relief of destitution , for the old , widowed , orphaned and infirm , but also for the purchase of some `` decencies `` , for the supplementation of the earnings of the underemployed as well as the relief of the involuntarily unemployed , and for the apprenticing of the children of the poor .
it rests also on the insight that income `` transferred `` by this means was not used only for the minimum relief of destitution , for the old , widowed , orphaned and infirm , but also for the [buy] of some `` decencies `` , for the supplementation of the earnings of the underemployed as well as the relief of the involuntarily unemployed , and for the apprenticing of the children of the poor .

Before you make your final purchase , do shop around and check whether or not fitting is included in the price .
before you make your final [buy] , do shop around and check whether or not fitting is included in the price .

Theoretically , halls should be easy to design , since there is generally little to purchase in the way of furniture and accessories unless you are blessed with the luxury of a wide , spacious and well-lit area .
theoretically , halls should be easy to design , since there is generally little to [buy] in the way of furniture and accessories unless you are blessed with the luxury of a wide , spacious and well-lit area .

The sort of choice available is explained on pages 125–131 , but a new refrigerator or fridge-freezer , the addition of a microwave oven , or purchase of a portable dishwasher if there is no room for a plumbed-in version , might make all the difference to your own work load .
the sort of choice available is explained on pages 125–131 , but a new refrigerator or fridge-freezer , the addition of a microwave oven , or [buy] of a portable dishwasher if there is no room for a plumbed-in version , might make all the difference to your own work load .

‘ You mean to purchase it ? But Araminta will never allow him to sell it . ’
‘ you mean to [buy] it ? but araminta will never allow him to sell it . ’

She struggled to get out , slipping and sliding on the bank , falling , when she felt she almost had purchase , back again into the disgusting weed-ridden swamp .
she struggled to get out , slipping and sliding on the bank , falling , when she felt she almost had [buy] , back again into the disgusting weed-ridden swamp .

If it yielded less ( more ) extra utility than its 10 purchase price , the last consumer would buy less ( more ) films .
if it yielded less ( more ) extra utility than its 10 [buy] price , the last consumer would buy less ( more ) films .

Since you get the same quantity of national defence as everyone else , whether or not you pay for it , it would never be in your interest to purchase national defence in a free private market .
since you get the same quantity of national defence as everyone else , whether or not you pay for it , it would never be in your interest to [buy] national defence in a free private market .

If more education raises the productivity not merely of an individual worker but of all other workers with whom this worker co-operates , there is a production externality that the individual does not take into account in choosing how much education to purchase .
if more education raises the productivity not merely of an individual worker but of all other workers with whom this worker co-operates , there is a production externality that the individual does not take into account in choosing how much education to [buy] .

By driving a wedge between the selling price and the purchase price , they prevent the price system achieving the equality of marginal costs and marginal benefits .
by driving a wedge between the selling price and the [buy] price , they prevent the price system achieving the equality of marginal costs and marginal benefits .

Using the stock concept , at a point in time an investment project is profitable if the present value of net operating benefits the stream of future operating profits discounted at the interest rate at which firms must borrow funds — exceeds the initial purchase price of the new capital good .
using the stock concept , at a point in time an investment project is profitable if the present value of net operating benefits the stream of future operating profits discounted at the interest rate at which firms must borrow funds — exceeds the initial [buy] price of the new capital good .

Thus investment or additions to the capital stock will proceed up to the point at which the present value of the future profits equals the initial purchase price of new capital goods .
thus investment or additions to the capital stock will proceed up to the point at which the present value of the future profits equals the initial [buy] price of new capital goods .

Crilly congratulates his mother on the purchase of her new house .
crilly congratulates his mother on the [buy] of her new house .

And unless the green consumer movement constantly reiterates this point , it lays itself open to being hijacked by industrialists who simply wish to look green enough to make naive shoppers purchase more of their wares .
and unless the green consumer movement constantly reiterates this point , it lays itself open to being hijacked by industrialists who simply wish to look green enough to make naive shoppers [buy] more of their wares .

‘ They want us to finance the purchase of your equipment . ’
‘ they want us to finance the [buy] of your equipment . ’

purchase energy equivalent to almost 6 tonnes of coal compared with 0.5 tonnes in the Third World .
[buy] energy equivalent to almost 6 tonnes of coal compared with 0.5 tonnes in the third world .

While there was little resistance to the purchase or expropriation of their land for cash crops , Fijian peasants refused to work the plantations .
while there was little resistance to the [buy] or expropriation of their land for cash crops , fijian peasants refused to work the plantations .

These infants died because their mothers could not purchase adequate food and gave birth to babies under the viable weight threshold .
these infants died because their mothers could not [buy] adequate food and gave birth to babies under the viable weight threshold .

Despite the competition , four years later she was able to purchase a wooden cart with small wheels .
despite the competition , four years later she was able to [buy] a wooden cart with small wheels .

Brazil 's purchase of nuclear reactors is a particularly nerve-wracking example which added up to 40 billion dollars to the national debt4 .
brazil 's [buy] of nuclear reactors is a particularly nerve-wracking example which added up to 40 billion dollars to the national debt4 .

After this , Stevens noticed loan possibilities everywhere : bank loans , hire purchase for clothes and cars , mortgages , credit unions .
after this , stevens noticed loan possibilities everywhere : bank loans , hire [buy] for clothes and cars , mortgages , credit unions .

In West Germany shoppers look for a Blue Angel on the label before they purchase .
in west germany shoppers look for a blue angel on the label before they [buy] .

Having waited patiently to see the fruits of Independence , people are now asking how their ‘ daytime socialist ’ leader can afford to drive brand-new imported cars while ‘ shortage of foreign exchange ’ prevents purchase of spare parts for the run-down buses .
having waited patiently to see the fruits of independence , people are now asking how their ‘ daytime socialist ’ leader can afford to drive brand-new imported cars while ‘ shortage of foreign exchange ’ prevents [buy] of spare parts for the run-down buses .

Unfortunately , all the Government have done is to ask why we did not support the purchase of council houses or the provisions for grant-maintained schools .
unfortunately , all the government have done is to ask why we did not support the [buy] of council houses or the provisions for grant-maintained schools .

of the proceeds of the sale of the property , which means that his or her opportunity to purchase something more appropriate is diminished .
of the proceeds of the sale of the property , which means that his or her opportunity to [buy] something more appropriate is diminished .

As long as we go on subsidising house purchase to make buying and selling so enormously profitable , and to make renting unprofitable for landlords and for tenants , so long will the rented sector continue to decline .
as long as we go on subsidising house [buy] to make buying and selling so enormously profitable , and to make renting unprofitable for landlords and for tenants , so long will the rented sector continue to decline .

They have been encouraged to purchase houses with high mortgages , and they are now desperate and worried .
they have been encouraged to [buy] houses with high mortgages , and they are now desperate and worried .

Member for Belfast , East ( Mr. Robinson ) now oppose the purchase of Shorts by Bombardier ?
member for belfast , east ( mr. robinson ) now oppose the [buy] of shorts by bombardier ?

The real context of the Bill is more likely to be portrayed by the fact that last year the Tate gallery — one of the four galleries covered by the Bill — was able to purchase one picture on behalf of the nation .
the real context of the bill is more likely to be portrayed by the fact that last year the tate gallery — one of the four galleries covered by the bill — was able to [buy] one picture on behalf of the nation .

However , this Government have frozen , deliberately , purchase grants even in the past three years when the Minister has had funds at his disposal .
however , this government have frozen , deliberately , [buy] grants even in the past three years when the minister has had funds at his disposal .

Mr Keyse played a prominent part in arranging the purchase of the railway following its closure in 1956 .
mr keyse played a prominent part in arranging the [buy] of the railway following its closure in 1956 .

He subsequently served as its legal adviser , and it is thanks to him that it obtained its Light Railway Order and was enabled to operate under a lease agreement until purchase negotiations were concluded .
he subsequently served as its legal adviser , and it is thanks to him that it obtained its light railway order and was enabled to operate under a lease agreement until [buy] negotiations were concluded .

Will there be any disposal of surplus Ministry of Defence land in Scotland , or is it likely that , due to the redeployment of British forces from Germany , the Ministry will be looking to purchase land in Scotland ?
will there be any disposal of surplus ministry of defence land in scotland , or is it likely that , due to the redeployment of british forces from germany , the ministry will be looking to [buy] land in scotland ?

It is difficult to say where we might want to purchase land .
it is difficult to say where we might want to [buy] land .

Skelmersdale is a new town with many former council houses which would be ideal for conversion from rents to mortgages . When he considers his share of the Conservative party manifesto , will my hon. Friend give a promise to my Skelmersdale council tenants that they will be able to purchase their houses under such a scheme in the future ?
skelmersdale is a new town with many former council houses which would be ideal for conversion from rents to mortgages . when he considers his share of the conservative party manifesto , will my hon. friend give a promise to my skelmersdale council tenants that they will be able to [buy] their houses under such a scheme in the future ?

Does the Minister accept that patients , irrespective of age group , should not have to undergo prolonged suffering , being fobbed off with medication from time to time when cardiac surgery is necessary ? Will he urgently encourage all boards to purchase coronary artery bypass surgery and other cardiac surgery from Great Britain ?
does the minister accept that patients , irrespective of age group , should not have to undergo prolonged suffering , being fobbed off with medication from time to time when cardiac surgery is necessary ? will he urgently encourage all boards to [buy] coronary artery bypass surgery and other cardiac surgery from great britain ?

Will my right hon. Friend tell the House what he feels about the accuracy of the continued Russian accounting for nuclear warheads ? Has he considered whether the western powers should purchase some of those warheads to prevent them from falling into the hands of non-nuclear powers that have no idea how to maintain or destroy them ?
will my right hon. friend tell the house what he feels about the accuracy of the continued russian accounting for nuclear warheads ? has he considered whether the western powers should [buy] some of those warheads to prevent them from falling into the hands of non-nuclear powers that have no idea how to maintain or destroy them ?

In order to achieve sustained growth , the Government would have actively to encourage industrial investment with a tax regime promoting the purchase of new plants and machinery .
in order to achieve sustained growth , the government would have actively to encourage industrial investment with a tax regime promoting the [buy] of new plants and machinery .

The complexity , technology and chemical make-up of goods made it more difficult for people to understand what they were buying and to make a judgment at the time of purchase .
the complexity , technology and chemical make-up of goods made it more difficult for people to understand what they were buying and to make a judgment at the time of [buy] .

The economics of the book trade today are creating conditions where many important texts are not only beyond purchase by students but by salaried staff as well .
the economics of the book trade today are creating conditions where many important texts are not only beyond [buy] by students but by salaried staff as well .

This is where goods are taken on hire purchase , credit sale or conditional sale terms .
this is where goods are taken on hire [buy] , credit sale or conditional sale terms .

Another problem which has sometimes exercised the minds of academics is ‘ At exactly what stage is the contract concluded in the ease of a purchase from an automatic vending machine ?
another problem which has sometimes exercised the minds of academics is ‘ at exactly what stage is the contract concluded in the ease of a [buy] from an automatic vending machine ?

Suppose that the customer has expressly requested a visit for one purpose ( say , a possible purchase of kitchen fitments ) and that during the visit the trader talks the customer into buying something else , say a television .
suppose that the customer has expressly requested a visit for one purpose ( say , a possible [buy] of kitchen fitments ) and that during the visit the trader talks the customer into buying something else , say a television .

to finance , or provide bridging finance for , the purchase of land ,
to finance , or provide bridging finance for , the [buy] of land ,

They each filled in their respective forms as if the van belonged to the trader and as if the customer wished to acquire the van on hire purchase terms .
they each filled in their respective forms as if the van belonged to the trader and as if the customer wished to acquire the van on hire [buy] terms .

Thus it bought the van from the trader and transferred it on hire purchase to the customer .
thus it bought the van from the trader and transferred it on hire [buy] to the customer .

Thus he will obtain good title if , and when , according to the terms of his contract of purchase , property in the goods is to pass to him .
thus he will obtain good title if , and when , according to the terms of his contract of [buy] , property in the goods is to pass to him .

to whom property has passed under his contract of purchase ) can rely upon an estoppel .
to whom property has passed under his contract of [buy] ) can rely upon an estoppel .

The hire purchase proposal ( i.e .
the hire [buy] proposal ( i.e .

involving the sale of the car by the trader to the finance company and the re-acquisition of the car by Mrs. Hamblin on hire purchase terms ) was not radically different in substance from a loan on the security of the car .
involving the sale of the car by the trader to the finance company and the re-acquisition of the car by mrs. hamblin on hire [buy] terms ) was not radically different in substance from a loan on the security of the car .

This can happen if , for example , the sub-purchaser bought the goods from someone who was hiring them on hire purchase terms .
this can happen if , for example , the sub-purchaser bought the goods from someone who was hiring them on hire [buy] terms .

Normally under a hire purchase agreement as soon as the hirer pays off all moneys due under the agreement , the goods become the hirer 's property .
normally under a hire [buy] agreement as soon as the hirer pays off all moneys due under the agreement , the goods become the hirer 's property .

We have just seen that a hirer under a hire purchase agreement is not someone who has ‘ bought or agreed to buy ’ for the purpose of section 25 of the Sale of Goods Act .
we have just seen that a hirer under a hire [buy] agreement is not someone who has ‘ bought or agreed to buy ’ for the purpose of section 25 of the sale of goods act .

The seller must be someone who is hiring the vehicle under a hire purchase agreement or buying it under a conditional sale agreement .
the seller must be someone who is hiring the vehicle under a hire [buy] agreement or buying it under a conditional sale agreement .

The private purchaser must be bona fide and unaware of any relevant hire purchase or conditional sale agreement .
the private purchaser must be bona fide and unaware of any relevant hire [buy] or conditional sale agreement .

’ … a purchaser is only affected by notice if he has actual notice that the car is on hire purchase .
’ … a purchaser is only affected by notice if he has actual notice that the car is on hire [buy] .

He is not affected merely by being told that it was previously on hire purchase which has now been paid off .
he is not affected merely by being told that it was previously on hire [buy] which has now been paid off .

The transaction under which the private purchaser buys the goods must be an ordinary sale , or a hire purchase or conditional sale agreement .
the transaction under which the private purchaser buys the goods must be an ordinary sale , or a hire [buy] or conditional sale agreement .

The 1964 Act , then , gives protection to a bona fide private purchaser who buys a motor vehicle unaware that the seller is hiring or buying it under a hire purchase or conditional sale agreement .
the 1964 act , then , gives protection to a bona fide private purchaser who buys a motor vehicle unaware that the seller is hiring or buying it under a hire [buy] or conditional sale agreement .

In spite of this , the words ‘ buyer beware ’ still carry a very real warning in one type of purchase and that is what is colloquially called a private sale .
in spite of this , the words ‘ buyer beware ’ still carry a very real warning in one type of [buy] and that is what is colloquially called a private sale .

’ … thus to take a case like that in question of a purchase from a retailer the reliance will be in general inferred from the fact that a buyer goes to the shop in confidence that the tradesman has selected his stock with skill and judgment . ’
’ … thus to take a case like that in question of a [buy] from a retailer the reliance will be in general inferred from the fact that a buyer goes to the shop in confidence that the tradesman has selected his stock with skill and judgment . ’

Her last purchase should have been bread — she picked a flat circular loaf rather than a baguette — but she succumbed to temptation and bought one of the plastic containers of the local vin ordinaire , amazingly cheap and good for its price , and several bottles of water too .
her last [buy] should have been bread — she picked a flat circular loaf rather than a baguette — but she succumbed to temptation and bought one of the plastic containers of the local vin ordinaire , amazingly cheap and good for its price , and several bottles of water too .

the amount which buyers were willing to purchase at that price would be just equal to that for which sellers were willing to take that price ) ; and because every dealer who has a perfect knowledge of the circumstances of the market expects that price to be established .
the amount which buyers were willing to [buy] at that price would be just equal to that for which sellers were willing to take that price ) ; and because every dealer who has a perfect knowledge of the circumstances of the market expects that price to be established .

Competition between consumers for a given commodity may , for example , tend to force its price upward ; each consumer is careful not to consume beyond the point where the marginal purchase is just worthwhile ; during the process , those who are less eager consumers of marginal units drop out of the race earlier .
competition between consumers for a given commodity may , for example , tend to force its price upward ; each consumer is careful not to consume beyond the point where the marginal [buy] is just worthwhile ; during the process , those who are less eager consumers of marginal units drop out of the race earlier .

Entrepreneurship is necessarily open to all who wish to deal in the market ; hence production , involving the purchase of resources and the sale of products , is necessarily competitive .
entrepreneurship is necessarily open to all who wish to deal in the market ; hence production , involving the [buy] of resources and the sale of products , is necessarily competitive .

Initially , it is necessary that the scheme be published and available for purchase , and that its use be generally promoted .
initially , it is necessary that the scheme be published and available for [buy] , and that its use be generally promoted .

For example , a firm could offer better after-sales service for a microcomputer or a longer guarantee for a television ; it could waive delivery charges for a new table or throw in a set of free wine glasses with the purchase of petrol .
for example , a firm could offer better after-sales service for a microcomputer or a longer guarantee for a television ; it could waive delivery charges for a new table or throw in a set of free wine glasses with the [buy] of petrol .

This is because the change in the stock in the current quarter ( ) consists of revaluations ( which are a function of the change in asset prices over the quarter ) and new purchases which are a function of expected gains from the time of purchase rather than simply from the end of the current quarter .
this is because the change in the stock in the current quarter ( ) consists of revaluations ( which are a function of the change in asset prices over the quarter ) and new purchases which are a function of expected gains from the time of [buy] rather than simply from the end of the current quarter .

‘ You wish to purchase something ? ’
‘ you wish to [buy] something ? ’

‘ Are you suggesting a purchase ? ’ she flung at him .
‘ are you suggesting a [buy] ? ’ she flung at him .

The most obvious effect was to constrain societies to their traditional role of lending for house purchase .
the most obvious effect was to constrain societies to their traditional role of lending for house [buy] .

As Table 4.1 shows , over 80 per cent of building society assets consist of mortgage loans for the purchase of property .
as table 4.1 shows , over 80 per cent of building society assets consist of mortgage loans for the [buy] of property .

Most of this is for the purchase of private houses but they also lend on commercial property .
most of this is for the [buy] of private houses but they also lend on commercial property .

They provide about 80 per cent of total lending for private house purchase , though this figure has fluctuated during the 1980s as banks entered , retreated from and then re-entered the mortgage market .
they provide about 80 per cent of total lending for private house [buy] , though this figure has fluctuated during the 1980s as banks entered , retreated from and then re-entered the mortgage market .

However , over the period the trends moved in opposite directions , the rate of purchase of company securities steadily increasing while that of government debt declined .
however , over the period the trends moved in opposite directions , the rate of [buy] of company securities steadily increasing while that of government debt declined .

With hindsight , the beginnings can be seen with the British Rail Pension Fund 's purchase of paintings in the mid-1970s .
with hindsight , the beginnings can be seen with the british rail pension fund 's [buy] of paintings in the mid-1970s .

If the value of existing units has risen to 75p for example , new subscribers will ‘ buy ’ newly created units at 75p and the number they purchase will be equal to the amount they wish to invest divided by 75p .
if the value of existing units has risen to 75p for example , new subscribers will ‘ buy ’ newly created units at 75p and the number they [buy] will be equal to the amount they wish to invest divided by 75p .

Brokerage and other fees make the direct purchase of shares worth less than 2,000 expensive .
brokerage and other fees make the direct [buy] of shares worth less than 2,000 expensive .

The purchase of assets with new funds is no reliable indication of the total scale of buying and selling activity .
the [buy] of assets with new funds is no reliable indication of the total scale of buying and selling activity .

In fact we can tie up this lending for house purchase with the personal sector 's purchase of ‘ real ’ capital goods in column 8/line 3 .
in fact we can tie up this lending for house [buy] with the personal sector 's [buy] of ‘ real ’ capital goods in column 8/line 3 .

Most of this involved house purchase .
most of this involved house [buy] .

Remember that in section 5.1 we said their purchase of bills was financed by funds lent ‘ at call ’ by other monetary sector institutions .
remember that in section 5.1 we said their [buy] of bills was financed by funds lent ‘ at call ’ by other monetary sector institutions .

5.2 the demand curve will shift upwards and the Bank will have to respond in its purchase of bills , i.e .
5.2 the demand curve will shift upwards and the bank will have to respond in its [buy] of bills , i.e .

Could get a proper purchase
could get a proper [buy]

There the officer class , which consisted at the regimental level largely of provincial nobles with a well-developed military tradition , showed itself increasingly hostile to the purchase of commissions by rich bourgeois , even if recently ennobled , and to the invasion of the army by the power of money .
there the officer class , which consisted at the regimental level largely of provincial nobles with a well-developed military tradition , showed itself increasingly hostile to the [buy] of commissions by rich bourgeois , even if recently ennobled , and to the invasion of the army by the power of money .

The same increasing central control and rationalization can be seen also in the introduction in 1720 of a regular tariff for the purchase of commissions ; in the 1750s of the custom of numbering regiments rather than referring to them by their colonel 's name ; and in 1792 of a common system of drill , based on that of Prussia , for the whole army .
the same increasing central control and rationalization can be seen also in the introduction in 1720 of a regular tariff for the [buy] of commissions ; in the 1750s of the custom of numbering regiments rather than referring to them by their colonel 's name ; and in 1792 of a common system of drill , based on that of prussia , for the whole army .

She felt his arms snake round her waist and before she could gain a purchase on the yielding upholstery he had pulled her close to his side .
she felt his arms snake round her waist and before she could gain a [buy] on the yielding upholstery he had pulled her close to his side .

Nestle Co. entered into a contract with the Hardy Co. , manufacturers of gramophone records , to purchase a number of recordings of a piece of music , ‘ Rockin ' Shoes , ’ the copyright of which was vested in Chappell & Co .
nestle co. entered into a contract with the hardy co. , manufacturers of gramophone records , to [buy] a number of recordings of a piece of music , ‘ rockin ' shoes , ’ the copyright of which was vested in chappell & co .

Gnomic , succinct , its puns and allusions introduced all the themes she must develop , yet it remained abstract enough for her mind to keep firm purchase on her errant feelings .
gnomic , succinct , its puns and allusions introduced all the themes she must develop , yet it remained abstract enough for her mind to keep firm [buy] on her errant feelings .

James walked back to Broadstairs alone , for Alfred had decided to continue to Ramsgate to purchase a new boater in honour of his forthcoming engagement to Beatrice .
james walked back to broadstairs alone , for alfred had decided to continue to ramsgate to [buy] a new boater in honour of his forthcoming engagement to beatrice .

Gwendolen , thoroughly upset by the morning 's events but mindful of her appointment for dinner that evening , decided to slip into Mr Horrell 's , in order to purchase some of his advertised Special Skin Soap , In the doorway she met the subject of her dinner appointment himself .
gwendolen , thoroughly upset by the morning 's events but mindful of her appointment for dinner that evening , decided to slip into mr horrell 's , in order to [buy] some of his advertised special skin soap , in the doorway she met the subject of her dinner appointment himself .

You could say , in a letter , that you strongly support the creation of a route for walkers and cyclists from Bloomiehall Park to Muirwood Road , especially for use by children to get to school , and that to overcome the present impasse , it might be a good idea to use a Compulsory Purchase Order to acquire the land needed .
you could say , in a letter , that you strongly support the creation of a route for walkers and cyclists from bloomiehall park to muirwood road , especially for use by children to get to school , and that to overcome the present impasse , it might be a good idea to use a compulsory [buy] order to acquire the land needed .

The courts were only retained for recreation by a concerted public campaign , which resulted in the District Council acquiring the land through a Compulsory Purchase Order .
the courts were only retained for recreation by a concerted public campaign , which resulted in the district council acquiring the land through a compulsory [buy] order .

Currently the District Council are investigating the possibility of a Compulsory Purchase Order .
currently the district council are investigating the possibility of a compulsory [buy] order .

Rhodium sales slipped back during the year as car companies utilised strategic stocks rather than purchase new metal .
rhodium sales slipped back during the year as car companies utilised strategic stocks rather than [buy] new metal .

Thirdly , the king had an indirect but extremely effective way of taxing external trade : only his silver pennies and halfpennies were accepted within the realm , so any foreign coins brought to a port , whether by a homecoming Frankish trader as profit or by a foreign trader to purchase Frankish goods , had to be converted into Charles 's currency .
thirdly , the king had an indirect but extremely effective way of taxing external trade : only his silver pennies and halfpennies were accepted within the realm , so any foreign coins brought to a port , whether by a homecoming frankish trader as profit or by a foreign trader to [buy] frankish goods , had to be converted into charles 's currency .

Increased economic activity in these locations can be seen in Charles 's grant to the bishop of Paris of the Grand Pont with its mills and , later , of the right to dispose of some newly-built houses ; in the mint ( with its profits ) conceded to the bishop and cathedral clergy of Châlons ; in the trading interests of the clergy of Rheims ; in the monks of Corbie 's intended purchase ( `` if we have enough money `` ) of pepper at Cambrai ; and in the scattered but widespread references to episcopal and monastic building works ( not all of them ecclesiastical ) and , more rarely , in archaeological traces or architectural remains of these constructions .
increased economic activity in these locations can be seen in charles 's grant to the bishop of paris of the grand pont with its mills and , later , of the right to dispose of some newly-built houses ; in the mint ( with its profits ) conceded to the bishop and cathedral clergy of châlons ; in the trading interests of the clergy of rheims ; in the monks of corbie 's intended [buy] ( `` if we have enough money `` ) of pepper at cambrai ; and in the scattered but widespread references to episcopal and monastic building works ( not all of them ecclesiastical ) and , more rarely , in archaeological traces or architectural remains of these constructions .

There is also a lack of affordable housing for rent or purchase by young couples in the villages .
there is also a lack of affordable housing for rent or [buy] by young couples in the villages .

The ‘ Sacher Torte ’ cake was available for purchase at something like £3 a mouthful .
the ‘ sacher torte ’ cake was available for [buy] at something like £3 a mouthful .

Franco had spotted this possibility at an early stage : on arrival in Tetuán , he had authorized Luis Bolín ( who had travelled with him from Casablanca ) to purchase aircraft and armaments in Italy , Germany or Britain .
franco had spotted this possibility at an early stage : on arrival in tetuán , he had authorized luis bolín ( who had travelled with him from casablanca ) to [buy] aircraft and armaments in italy , germany or britain .

Funding is sought so that we can continue to pay the Development Education worker an honorarium of 200 per month including expenses , and also to purchase resources when necessary .
funding is sought so that we can continue to pay the development education worker an honorarium of 200 per month including expenses , and also to [buy] resources when necessary .

He is worried about various formalities relating to written contracts , and wonders in particular whether hire purchase agreements need to be in writing , whether any special formalities apply to contracts of employment , and if a contract leasing premises needs to be in any particular form .
he is worried about various formalities relating to written contracts , and wonders in particular whether hire [buy] agreements need to be in writing , whether any special formalities apply to contracts of employment , and if a contract leasing premises needs to be in any particular form .

One is illustrated by the fact that the blacks call their church first purchase , this is because it was the first thing that their community bought when they were all released from slavery , another form of racial prejudice on behalf of the whites .
one is illustrated by the fact that the blacks call their church first [buy] , this is because it was the first thing that their community bought when they were all released from slavery , another form of racial prejudice on behalf of the whites .

The performance of the homes sits in the Orlando area - Davenport Glen and Chatham Park — exceeded our expectations , whilst Monterey in Dade County produced a range of homes which appealed very strongly to local residents including some whose motivation to purchase had been prompted by the hurricane while swept through southern Florida last year .
the performance of the homes sits in the orlando area - davenport glen and chatham park — exceeded our expectations , whilst monterey in dade county produced a range of homes which appealed very strongly to local residents including some whose motivation to [buy] had been prompted by the hurricane while swept through southern florida last year .

We intend to focus much more on our customers and their needs so that in all we do , from land purchase to after-sales service , we recognise that we need to be a customer driven company .
we intend to focus much more on our customers and their needs so that in all we do , from land [buy] to after-sales service , we recognise that we need to be a customer driven company .

Piece by piece , the Conti estates , insignificant at first , were added to by purchase .
piece by piece , the conti estates , insignificant at first , were added to by [buy] .

But only yesterday he had pulled off the best purchase yet — not the biggest , but a vital strip of land running along the foreshore .
but only yesterday he had pulled off the best [buy] yet — not the biggest , but a vital strip of land running along the foreshore .

Referring to its rejection of strict UN-imposed conditions attached to the sale of Iraqi oil [ see p. 38985 ] , the government claimed that the terms prevented the Iraqi people from benefiting from " the revenues … for the purchase of food and medicines " .
referring to its rejection of strict un-imposed conditions attached to the sale of iraqi oil [ see p. 38985 ] , the government claimed that the terms prevented the iraqi people from benefiting from " the revenues … for the [buy] of food and medicines " .

The House of Representatives on May 8 approved by the unexpectedly wide margin of 239 votes to 186 a bill which imposed a seven-day waiting period on the purchase of handguns .
the house of representatives on may 8 approved by the unexpectedly wide margin of 239 votes to 186 a bill which imposed a seven-day waiting period on the [buy] of handguns .

Some reports had speculated that an agreement would be signed providing for China 's purchase of 24 Soviet-built Su27 advanced combat aircraft .
some reports had speculated that an agreement would be signed providing for china 's [buy] of 24 soviet-built su27 advanced combat aircraft .

During his visit Jordanian officials asked Joxe to `` re-examine `` a 1988 contract for the purchase of up to 20 Mirage 2000 multi-role combat aircraft [ see p. 36122 ] .
during his visit jordanian officials asked joxe to `` re-examine `` a 1988 contract for the [buy] of up to 20 mirage 2000 multi-role combat aircraft [ see p. 36122 ] .

An estimated 1,000,000 people arrived in Shenzhen from all over China on Aug. 9-11 seeking to purchase the application forms for a forthcoming share offer on the Shenzhen stock exchange .
an estimated 1,000,000 people arrived in shenzhen from all over china on aug. 9-11 seeking to [buy] the application forms for a forthcoming share offer on the shenzhen stock exchange .

At least 35 per cent of the purchase price for shares would have to be paid in privatization vouchers .
at least 35 per cent of the [buy] price for shares would have to be paid in privatization vouchers .

The Kuwaiti Defence Ministry said that the purchase by Kuwait of `` sophisticated French weaponry `` was also mentioned in the document .
the kuwaiti defence ministry said that the [buy] by kuwait of `` sophisticated french weaponry `` was also mentioned in the document .

Other proposals included ( i ) a $ 500 per child increase in personal tax exemption ( beginning Oct. 1 ) for families earning less than $ 157,000 per year ; ( ii ) a temporary tax credit for first-time home buyers of 10 per cent of purchase price ( up to $ 5,000 ) on homes bought by the end of the year ; ( iii ) short-term compensation for those selling their homes at a loss ; and ( iv ) a temporary investment tax allowance on the purchase of assets .
other proposals included ( i ) a $ 500 per child increase in personal tax exemption ( beginning oct. 1 ) for families earning less than $ 157,000 per year ; ( ii ) a temporary tax credit for first-time home buyers of 10 per cent of [buy] price ( up to $ 5,000 ) on homes bought by the end of the year ; ( iii ) short-term compensation for those selling their homes at a loss ; and ( iv ) a temporary investment tax allowance on the [buy] of assets .

Coupons would make up 25 per cent of salaries and would be used to purchase all goods in state shops costing under 1,500 roubles .
coupons would make up 25 per cent of salaries and would be used to [buy] all goods in state shops costing under 1,500 roubles .

Médecin was specifically convicted of diverting public funds to purchase advertising space in a magazine backing his right-wing views , through an agency which he owned .
médecin was specifically convicted of diverting public funds to [buy] advertising space in a magazine backing his right-wing views , through an agency which he owned .

The Indian Supreme Court on Aug. 27 cleared the way for a resumption of investigations into allegations of high-level corruption in connection with the 1986 deal for the purchase of Bofors artillery from Sweden for the Indian army [ see p. 37184 ] .
the indian supreme court on aug. 27 cleared the way for a resumption of investigations into allegations of high-level corruption in connection with the 1986 deal for the [buy] of bofors artillery from sweden for the indian army [ see p. 37184 ] .

From Oct. 1 , Czech and Slovak citizens would have the opportunity to purchase coupons enabling them to buy shares .
from oct. 1 , czech and slovak citizens would have the opportunity to [buy] coupons enabling them to buy shares .

On June 11 the Supreme Soviet passed mass privatization legislation under which vouchers worth between 5,000 and 10,000 roubles would be distributed to all citizens to enable them to purchase shares in state property .
on june 11 the supreme soviet passed mass privatization legislation under which vouchers worth between 5,000 and 10,000 roubles would be distributed to all citizens to enable them to [buy] shares in state property .

The west German state airline Lufthansa had reportedly presented various purchase plans but had faced opposition from the Federal Cartel Office .
the west german state airline lufthansa had reportedly presented various [buy] plans but had faced opposition from the federal cartel office .

The new legislation made it possible for all South Africans to purchase freehold tenure to the 87 per cent of South Africa 's land hitherto reserved for the white minority , although it placed no obligation on white owners to sell , and commentators pointed out that few blacks had the means to buy .
the new legislation made it possible for all south africans to [buy] freehold tenure to the 87 per cent of south africa 's land hitherto reserved for the white minority , although it placed no obligation on white owners to sell , and commentators pointed out that few blacks had the means to buy .

On June 13 the government announced measures aimed at boosting foreign investment , including the right of foreign investors to purchase shares and easier repatriation of foreign profits .
on june 13 the government announced measures aimed at boosting foreign investment , including the right of foreign investors to [buy] shares and easier repatriation of foreign profits .

Foreigners could also buy property , but could only purchase land leasehold .
foreigners could also buy property , but could only [buy] land leasehold .

On Feb. 27 the government tabled in parliament the long-expected Land Acquisition Bill allowing for the compulsory purchase of 5,500,000 hectares of predominantly white-owned land .
on feb. 27 the government tabled in parliament the long-expected land acquisition bill allowing for the compulsory [buy] of 5,500,000 hectares of predominantly white-owned land .

Possible purchase of Soviet technology
possible [buy] of soviet technology

At the end of April , 18 political parties demanded the resignation of Mohamed Said Abdallah Mchangama , Minister of Finance , Budget , Economy , Commerce and Planning , after press disclosures of an ambiguous contract involving the purchase of rolling stock from Italy .
at the end of april , 18 political parties demanded the resignation of mohamed said abdallah mchangama , minister of finance , budget , economy , commerce and planning , after press disclosures of an ambiguous contract involving the [buy] of rolling stock from italy .

The report also stated that there were longstanding moves to purchase at least three 400-600-megawatt reactors from the former Soviet Union , but that these had been subject to numerous delays .
the report also stated that there were longstanding moves to [buy] at least three 400-600-megawatt reactors from the former soviet union , but that these had been subject to numerous delays .

It was regarded by the authorities as the latest stage of a blood-feud which had begun over the purchase of a house , and which had already in March resulted in three deaths [ see p. 38840 ] .
it was regarded by the authorities as the latest stage of a blood-feud which had begun over the [buy] of a house , and which had already in march resulted in three deaths [ see p. 38840 ] .

On Sept. 24 Pawar denied reports of the planned purchase by India of Russian MiG-27 fighter aircraft .
on sept. 24 pawar denied reports of the planned [buy] by india of russian mig-27 fighter aircraft .

In Florida voters amended the state constitution to impose a three-day waiting period on the purchase of handguns , whilst in Alaska the private use of marijuana was recriminalized .
in florida voters amended the state constitution to impose a three-day waiting period on the [buy] of handguns , whilst in alaska the private use of marijuana was recriminalized .

The legislation made provision for the compulsory purchase of 5,500,000 hectares of predominantly white-owned land earmarked for redistribution to black families .
the legislation made provision for the compulsory [buy] of 5,500,000 hectares of predominantly white-owned land earmarked for redistribution to black families .

The sanctions would not include , however , an embargo on the purchase of Libyan oil , or other forms of trade embargo .
the sanctions would not include , however , an embargo on the [buy] of libyan oil , or other forms of trade embargo .

The crime bill was opposed largely because it sought to enact a five-day waiting period for the purchase of handguns , while the education legislation , which aimed at upgrading the country 's schools , was opposed by Republicans following a congressional decision to remove an administration proposal to provide government vouchers to assist parents in sending their children to private schools .
the crime bill was opposed largely because it sought to enact a five-day waiting period for the [buy] of handguns , while the education legislation , which aimed at upgrading the country 's schools , was opposed by republicans following a congressional decision to remove an administration proposal to provide government vouchers to assist parents in sending their children to private schools .

The purchase of three French Agosta-90 submarines , agreed during a visit by the French Defence Minister Pierre Joxe in September [ see p. 39098 ] , was reported by Le Monde on Oct. 2 [ see also p. 38726 ] .
the [buy] of three french agosta-90 submarines , agreed during a visit by the french defence minister pierre joxe in september [ see p. 39098 ] , was reported by le monde on oct. 2 [ see also p. 38726 ] .

During talks between the two sides , India agreed to purchase all of Nepal 's surplus electricity and to upgrade rail links between the two countries .
during talks between the two sides , india agreed to [buy] all of nepal 's surplus electricity and to upgrade rail links between the two countries .

Enthoven argued that by separating the purchase of health care from its provision and management , and subjecting providers to an element of competition for contracts , providers would now have a financial incentive to cut costs , improve quality and be more responsive to what consumers wanted .
enthoven argued that by separating the [buy] of health care from its provision and management , and subjecting providers to an element of competition for contracts , providers would now have a financial incentive to cut costs , improve quality and be more responsive to what consumers wanted .

Separating the purchase of health care from its provision created the network of buyers and sellers , the necessary first step for a market to operate .
separating the [buy] of health care from its provision created the network of buyers and sellers , the necessary first step for a market to operate .

Quite apart from the obvious undesirability of verbal agreements for the sale or purchase of land , no transfer of land can be validly achieved in France other than by an acte de vente , which is a notarial document prepared by a Notary and signed by all parties or their Attorneys before him …
quite apart from the obvious undesirability of verbal agreements for the sale or [buy] of land , no transfer of land can be validly achieved in france other than by an acte de vente , which is a notarial document prepared by a notary and signed by all parties or their attorneys before him …

The most obvious thing to check , and one that is often overlooked , is the physical size of your intended purchase .
the most obvious thing to check , and one that is often overlooked , is the physical size of your intended [buy] .

Always make sure that there is enough room to open the doors fully , and check that your purchase will actually pass through the doors en route to its eventual site — your refrigeration supplier should take care of this for you .
always make sure that there is enough room to open the doors fully , and check that your [buy] will actually pass through the doors en route to its eventual site — your refrigeration supplier should take care of this for you .

It is , therefore , proven that a combi-steaner is not only an advantage in the commercial kitchen , but an essential ingredient designed and built to make the chef 's life easier and to realise dramatic savings so that it quickly pays for itself . However , when you decide to purchase one for yourself , here are a few Do 's and Don'ts to assist in your selection :
it is , therefore , proven that a combi-steaner is not only an advantage in the commercial kitchen , but an essential ingredient designed and built to make the chef 's life easier and to realise dramatic savings so that it quickly pays for itself . however , when you decide to [buy] one for yourself , here are a few do 's and don'ts to assist in your selection :

The purchase of dish and warewashers is an important investment and caterers should look for equipment that offers long-term energy savings costs .
the [buy] of dish and warewashers is an important investment and caterers should look for equipment that offers long-term energy savings costs .

This broad principle applies as much to transactions involving the sale and purchase of productive assets ( and shares representing them ) as to other commercial transactions .
this broad principle applies as much to transactions involving the sale and [buy] of productive assets ( and shares representing them ) as to other commercial transactions .

( b ) To purchase or by any other means acquire and take options over any property whatever , and any rights or privileges of any kind over or in respect of any property .
( b ) to [buy] or by any other means acquire and take options over any property whatever , and any rights or privileges of any kind over or in respect of any property .

( c ) To apply for , register , purchase , or by other means acquire and protect , prolong and renew , whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere any patents , patent rights , brevets d'invention , licences , secret processes , trade marks , designs , protections and concessions and to disclaim , alter , modify , use and turn to account and to manufacture under or grant licences or privileges in respect of the same , and to expend money in experimenting upon , testing and improving any patents , inventions or rights which the Company may acquire or propose to acquire .
( c ) to apply for , register , [buy] , or by other means acquire and protect , prolong and renew , whether in the united kingdom or elsewhere any patents , patent rights , brevets d'invention , licences , secret processes , trade marks , designs , protections and concessions and to disclaim , alter , modify , use and turn to account and to manufacture under or grant licences or privileges in respect of the same , and to expend money in experimenting upon , testing and improving any patents , inventions or rights which the company may acquire or propose to acquire .

( l ) To subscribe for , take , purchase , or otherwise acquire , hold , sell , deal with and dispose of , place and underwrite shares , stocks , debentures , debenture stocks , bonds , obligations or securities issued or guaranteed by any other company constituted or carrying on business in any part of the world , and debentures , debenture stocks , bonds , obligations or securities issued or guaranteed by any government or authority , municipal , local or otherwise , in any part of the world .
( l ) to subscribe for , take , [buy] , or otherwise acquire , hold , sell , deal with and dispose of , place and underwrite shares , stocks , debentures , debenture stocks , bonds , obligations or securities issued or guaranteed by any other company constituted or carrying on business in any part of the world , and debentures , debenture stocks , bonds , obligations or securities issued or guaranteed by any government or authority , municipal , local or otherwise , in any part of the world .

( s ) To support and subscribe to any charitable or public object and to support and subscribe to any institution , society , or club which may be for the benefit of the Company or its Directors or employees , or may be connected with any town or place where the Company carried on business ; to give or award pensions , annuities , gratuities , and superannuation or other allowances or benefits or charitable aid and generally to provide advantages , facilities and services for any persons who are or have been Directors of , or who are or have been employed by , or who are serving or have served the Company , or any company which is a subsidiary of the Company or the holding company of the Company or a fellow subsidiary of the Company or the predecessors in business of the Company or of any such subsidiary , holding or fellow subsidiary company and to the wives , widows , children and other relatives and dependants of such persons ; to make payments towards insurance ; and to set up , establish , support and maintain superannuation and other fund or schemes ( whether contributory or non-contributory ) for the benefit of any such persons and of their wives , widows , children and their relatives and dependants ; and to set up , establish , support and maintain profit sharing schemes for the benefit of any of the employees of the Company or share purchase schemes for the benefit of any of the solicitor or registered foreign lawyer employees of the Company and to lend money to any such employees or to trustees on their behalf to enable any such purchase schemes to be established or maintained .
( s ) to support and subscribe to any charitable or public object and to support and subscribe to any institution , society , or club which may be for the benefit of the company or its directors or employees , or may be connected with any town or place where the company carried on business ; to give or award pensions , annuities , gratuities , and superannuation or other allowances or benefits or charitable aid and generally to provide advantages , facilities and services for any persons who are or have been directors of , or who are or have been employed by , or who are serving or have served the company , or any company which is a subsidiary of the company or the holding company of the company or a fellow subsidiary of the company or the predecessors in business of the company or of any such subsidiary , holding or fellow subsidiary company and to the wives , widows , children and other relatives and dependants of such persons ; to make payments towards insurance ; and to set up , establish , support and maintain superannuation and other fund or schemes ( whether contributory or non-contributory ) for the benefit of any such persons and of their wives , widows , children and their relatives and dependants ; and to set up , establish , support and maintain profit sharing schemes for the benefit of any of the employees of the company or share [buy] schemes for the benefit of any of the solicitor or registered foreign lawyer employees of the company and to lend money to any such employees or to trustees on their behalf to enable any such [buy] schemes to be established or maintained .

( 6 ) ‘ Purchaser ’ shall mean a person willing to purchase Shares comprised in a Transfer Notice .
( 6 ) ‘ purchaser ’ shall mean a person willing to [buy] shares comprised in a transfer notice .

At the same time as giving such notice to the Proposing Transferor , the Company shall offer the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice to the Members ( other than the Proposing Transferor ) for purchase at the Prescribed Price on terms that in case of competition the Shares so offered shall be sold to the Members accepting the offer in proportion ( as nearly as may be , and without increasing the number sold to any Member beyond the number applied for by him ) to their existing holdings of Shares .
at the same time as giving such notice to the proposing transferor , the company shall offer the shares comprised in the transfer notice to the members ( other than the proposing transferor ) for [buy] at the prescribed price on terms that in case of competition the shares so offered shall be sold to the members accepting the offer in proportion ( as nearly as may be , and without increasing the number sold to any member beyond the number applied for by him ) to their existing holdings of shares .

( 4 ) If the Company shall within the period limited for acceptance find a Purchaser or Purchasers willing to purchase all the Shares concerned and shall give notice in writing thereof to the Proposing Transferor , he shall be bound , upon payment of the Prescribed Price , to transfer such Shares to the respective Purchasers thereof .
( 4 ) if the company shall within the period limited for acceptance find a purchaser or purchasers willing to [buy] all the shares concerned and shall give notice in writing thereof to the proposing transferor , he shall be bound , upon payment of the prescribed price , to transfer such shares to the respective purchasers thereof .

Every such notice shall state the name and address of each Purchaser and the number of Shares agreed to be purchased by him , and the purchase shall be completed at a place and time to be appointed by the Directors .
every such notice shall state the name and address of each purchaser and the number of shares agreed to be purchased by him , and the [buy] shall be completed at a place and time to be appointed by the directors .

( 5 ) If in any case a Proposing Transferor , after having become bound to transfer any Shares to a Purchaser , shall make default in transferring the Shares , the Directors may receive the purchase money on his behalf and may authorise some person to execute on behalf of and as attorney for the Proposing Transferor any necessary instruments of transfer and the Company shall hold the purchase money in trust for the Proposing Transferor .
( 5 ) if in any case a proposing transferor , after having become bound to transfer any shares to a purchaser , shall make default in transferring the shares , the directors may receive the [buy] money on his behalf and may authorise some person to execute on behalf of and as attorney for the proposing transferor any necessary instruments of transfer and the company shall hold the [buy] money in trust for the proposing transferor .

The receipt of the Company for the purchase money shall be a good discharge to the Purchaser who shall not be bound to see to the application thereof and , after the name of the Purchaser has been entered in the register in purported exercise of the aforesaid powers , the validity of the proceedings shall not be questioned by any person .
the receipt of the company for the [buy] money shall be a good discharge to the purchaser who shall not be bound to see to the application thereof and , after the name of the purchaser has been entered in the register in purported exercise of the aforesaid powers , the validity of the proceedings shall not be questioned by any person .

( 6 ) If the company shall not within the period limited for acceptance find a Purchaser or Purchasers willing to purchase all the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice the Proposing Transferor shall at any time within [ three ] months after the Directors have so confirmed their inability to him in writing be at liberty to transfer the Shares to any person not being a Member but capable of being a Member under these Articles on a bona fide sale at any price not being less than the Prescribed Price but in that event the Directors may , in their absolute discretion , decline to register any such transfer of any Share and shall not be required or bound to state the reason for any refusal .
( 6 ) if the company shall not within the period limited for acceptance find a purchaser or purchasers willing to [buy] all the shares comprised in the transfer notice the proposing transferor shall at any time within [ three ] months after the directors have so confirmed their inability to him in writing be at liberty to transfer the shares to any person not being a member but capable of being a member under these articles on a bona fide sale at any price not being less than the prescribed price but in that event the directors may , in their absolute discretion , decline to register any such transfer of any share and shall not be required or bound to state the reason for any refusal .

( b ) To purchase or by any other means acquire and take options over any property whatever , and any rights or privileges of any kind over or in respect of any property .
( b ) to [buy] or by any other means acquire and take options over any property whatever , and any rights or privileges of any kind over or in respect of any property .

( c ) To apply for , register , purchase , or by other means acquire and protect , prolong and renew , whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere any patents , patent rights , brevets d'invention , licences , secret processes , trade marks , designs , protections and concessions and to disclaim , alter , modify , use and turn to account and to manufacture under or grant licences or privileges in respect of the same , and to expend money in experimenting upon , testing and improving any patents , inventions or rights which the Company may acquire or propose to acquire .
( c ) to apply for , register , [buy] , or by other means acquire and protect , prolong and renew , whether in the united kingdom or elsewhere any patents , patent rights , brevets d'invention , licences , secret processes , trade marks , designs , protections and concessions and to disclaim , alter , modify , use and turn to account and to manufacture under or grant licences or privileges in respect of the same , and to expend money in experimenting upon , testing and improving any patents , inventions or rights which the company may acquire or propose to acquire .

( l ) To subscribe for , take , purchase , or otherwise acquire , hold , sell , deal with and dispose of , place and underwrite shares , stocks , debentures , debenture stocks , bonds , obligations or securities issued or guaranteed by any other company constituted or carrying on business in any part of the world , and debentures , debenture stocks , bonds , obligations or securities issued or guaranteed by any government or authority , municipal , local or otherwise , in any part of the world .
( l ) to subscribe for , take , [buy] , or otherwise acquire , hold , sell , deal with and dispose of , place and underwrite shares , stocks , debentures , debenture stocks , bonds , obligations or securities issued or guaranteed by any other company constituted or carrying on business in any part of the world , and debentures , debenture stocks , bonds , obligations or securities issued or guaranteed by any government or authority , municipal , local or otherwise , in any part of the world .

( s ) To support and subscribe to any charitable or public object and to support and subscribe to any institution , society , or club which may be for the benefit of the Company or its Directors or employees , or may be connected with any town or place where the Company carried on business ; to give or award pensions , annuities , gratuities , and superannuation or other allowances or benefits or charitable aid and generally to provide advantages , facilities and services for any persons who are or have been Directors of , or who are or have been employed by , or who are serving or have served the Company , or any company which is a subsidiary of the Company or the holding company of the Company or a fellow subsidiary of the Company or the predecessors in business of the Company or of any such subsidiary , holding or fellow subsidiary company and to the wives , widows , children and other relatives and dependants of such persons ; to make payments towards insurance ; and to set up , establish , support and maintain superannuation and other fund or schemes ( whether contributory or non-contributory ) for the benefit of any such persons and of their wives , widows , children and their relatives and dependants ; and to set up , establish , support and maintain profit sharing schemes for the benefit of any of the employees of the Company or share purchase schemes for the benefit of any of the solicitor or registered foreign lawyer employees of the Company and to lend money to any such employees or to trustees on their behalf to enable any such purchase schemes to be established or maintained .
( s ) to support and subscribe to any charitable or public object and to support and subscribe to any institution , society , or club which may be for the benefit of the company or its directors or employees , or may be connected with any town or place where the company carried on business ; to give or award pensions , annuities , gratuities , and superannuation or other allowances or benefits or charitable aid and generally to provide advantages , facilities and services for any persons who are or have been directors of , or who are or have been employed by , or who are serving or have served the company , or any company which is a subsidiary of the company or the holding company of the company or a fellow subsidiary of the company or the predecessors in business of the company or of any such subsidiary , holding or fellow subsidiary company and to the wives , widows , children and other relatives and dependants of such persons ; to make payments towards insurance ; and to set up , establish , support and maintain superannuation and other fund or schemes ( whether contributory or non-contributory ) for the benefit of any such persons and of their wives , widows , children and their relatives and dependants ; and to set up , establish , support and maintain profit sharing schemes for the benefit of any of the employees of the company or share [buy] schemes for the benefit of any of the solicitor or registered foreign lawyer employees of the company and to lend money to any such employees or to trustees on their behalf to enable any such [buy] schemes to be established or maintained .

( 6 ) ‘ Purchaser ’ shall mean a person willing to purchase Shares comprised in a Transfer Notice .
( 6 ) ‘ purchaser ’ shall mean a person willing to [buy] shares comprised in a transfer notice .

At the same time as giving such notice to the Proposing Transferor , the Company shall offer the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice to the Members ( other than the Proposing Transferor ) for purchase at the Prescribed Price on terms that in case of competition the Shares so offered shall be sold to the Members accepting the offer in proportion ( as nearly as may be , and without increasing the number sold to any Member beyond the number applied for by him ) to their existing holdings of Shares .
at the same time as giving such notice to the proposing transferor , the company shall offer the shares comprised in the transfer notice to the members ( other than the proposing transferor ) for [buy] at the prescribed price on terms that in case of competition the shares so offered shall be sold to the members accepting the offer in proportion ( as nearly as may be , and without increasing the number sold to any member beyond the number applied for by him ) to their existing holdings of shares .

( 4 ) If the Company shall within the period limited for acceptance find a Purchaser or Purchasers willing to purchase all the Shares concerned and shall give notice in writing thereof to the Proposing Transferor , he shall be bound , upon payment of the Prescribed Price , to transfer such Shares to the respective Purchasers thereof .
( 4 ) if the company shall within the period limited for acceptance find a purchaser or purchasers willing to [buy] all the shares concerned and shall give notice in writing thereof to the proposing transferor , he shall be bound , upon payment of the prescribed price , to transfer such shares to the respective purchasers thereof .

Every such notice shall state the name and address of each Purchaser and the number of Shares agreed to be purchased by him , and the purchase shall be completed at a place and time to be appointed by the Directors .
every such notice shall state the name and address of each purchaser and the number of shares agreed to be purchased by him , and the [buy] shall be completed at a place and time to be appointed by the directors .

( 5 ) If in any case a Proposing Transferor , after having become bound to transfer any Shares to a Purchaser , shall make default in transferring the Shares , the Directors may receive the purchase money on his behalf and may authorise some person to execute on behalf of and as attorney for the Proposing Transferor any necessary instruments of transfer and the Company shall hold the purchase money in trust for the Proposing Transferor .
( 5 ) if in any case a proposing transferor , after having become bound to transfer any shares to a purchaser , shall make default in transferring the shares , the directors may receive the [buy] money on his behalf and may authorise some person to execute on behalf of and as attorney for the proposing transferor any necessary instruments of transfer and the company shall hold the [buy] money in trust for the proposing transferor .

The receipt of the Company for the purchase money shall be a good discharge to the Purchaser who shall not be bound to see to the application thereof and , after the name of the Purchaser has been entered in the register in purported exercise of the aforesaid powers , the validity of the proceedings shall not be questioned by any person .
the receipt of the company for the [buy] money shall be a good discharge to the purchaser who shall not be bound to see to the application thereof and , after the name of the purchaser has been entered in the register in purported exercise of the aforesaid powers , the validity of the proceedings shall not be questioned by any person .

( 6 ) If the company shall not within the period limited for acceptance find a Purchaser or Purchasers willing to purchase all the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice the Proposing Transferor shall at any time within [ three ] months after the Directors have so confirmed their inability to him in writing be at liberty to transfer the Shares to any person not being a Member but capable of being a Member under these Articles on a bona fide sale at any price not being less than the Prescribed Price but in that event the Directors may , in their absolute discretion , decline to register any such transfer of any Share and shall not be required or bound to state the reason for any refusal .
( 6 ) if the company shall not within the period limited for acceptance find a purchaser or purchasers willing to [buy] all the shares comprised in the transfer notice the proposing transferor shall at any time within [ three ] months after the directors have so confirmed their inability to him in writing be at liberty to transfer the shares to any person not being a member but capable of being a member under these articles on a bona fide sale at any price not being less than the prescribed price but in that event the directors may , in their absolute discretion , decline to register any such transfer of any share and shall not be required or bound to state the reason for any refusal .

Run by the parishes or by groups of parishes , workhouses never produced an output which even repaid the purchase of raw materials , nor did they meet the vaunted secondary objective of training the poor in the `` habits of industry `` .
run by the parishes or by groups of parishes , workhouses never produced an output which even repaid the [buy] of raw materials , nor did they meet the vaunted secondary objective of training the poor in the `` habits of industry `` .

Further , a widespread parish response to famine-level prices was to purchase supplies of wheat or substitute foodstuffs and re-sell them at subsidised prices to the poor .
further , a widespread parish response to famine-level prices was to [buy] supplies of wheat or substitute foodstuffs and re-sell them at subsidised prices to the poor .

There may follow a lack of communication and understanding between the computer professionals , the legal advisers , the ultimate users and the supplier of the software resulting in the purchase of a system which is cumbersome , does not provide all the information the users now realize they would have liked and which runs far too slowly to be of any practical use .
there may follow a lack of communication and understanding between the computer professionals , the legal advisers , the ultimate users and the supplier of the software resulting in the [buy] of a system which is cumbersome , does not provide all the information the users now realize they would have liked and which runs far too slowly to be of any practical use .

Therefore , a contract to purchase a computer is a sale of goods contract notwithstanding the inclusion of computer software embodied within the computer .
therefore , a contract to [buy] a computer is a sale of goods contract notwithstanding the inclusion of computer software embodied within the computer .

Hire `` does not include hire purchase agreements which are covered by the Supply of Goods ( Implied Terms ) Act 1973 which implies similar terms into the contract as does the Sale of Goods Act 1979 .
hire `` does not include hire [buy] agreements which are covered by the supply of goods ( implied terms ) act 1973 which implies similar terms into the contract as does the sale of goods act 1979 .

The buyer will be entitled to damages only and he will still have to pay the purchase price of the computer , although he may be able to set-off a sum representing the damages .
the buyer will be entitled to damages only and he will still have to pay the [buy] price of the computer , although he may be able to set-off a sum representing the damages .

Pinnock Bros. v Lewis & Peat Ltd. [ 1923 ] concerned a contract for the purchase of copra cake .
pinnock bros. v lewis & peat ltd. [ 1923 ] concerned a contract for the [buy] of copra cake .

Our thanks were expressed to Chris Benstead for a very enjoyable and instructive day . For those teachers wishing to purchase his cassettes please apply to : —
our thanks were expressed to chris benstead for a very enjoyable and instructive day . for those teachers wishing to [buy] his cassettes please apply to : —

Stella will then purchase one block of numbers , giving the Society an improved chance of winning !
stella will then [buy] one block of numbers , giving the society an improved chance of winning !

Advance purchase is essential as no tickets will be sold at the door .
advance [buy] is essential as no tickets will be sold at the door .

The infinitive event is expressed as non-realized with verbs expressing desire ( He wants , wishes , desires to leave ) , endeavour ( He tried , attempted , endeavoured to explain it to me ) , verbal command ( He asked , told , ordered , commanded them to open the door ) , requirement ( The law requires you to purchase a licence .
the infinitive event is expressed as non-realized with verbs expressing desire ( he wants , wishes , desires to leave ) , endeavour ( he tried , attempted , endeavoured to explain it to me ) , verbal command ( he asked , told , ordered , commanded them to open the door ) , requirement ( the law requires you to [buy] a licence .

Furthermore , even before Posidonius , the Druids may well have heard about Greek doctrines of immortality either from oral tradition in Massalia or by honest purchase of Greek books .
furthermore , even before posidonius , the druids may well have heard about greek doctrines of immortality either from oral tradition in massalia or by honest [buy] of greek books .

The gang also had to purchase from the mine shop their tools , wooden halts and hilts ; gunpowder , fuze , dynamite and caps — candles too .
the gang also had to [buy] from the mine shop their tools , wooden halts and hilts ; gunpowder , fuze , dynamite and caps — candles too .

There the ore was stored until carted to the firm 's copper yard on the Ulverston Canal where it was mixed , weighed and sampled , prior to shipping after purchase by the Smelter 's Agent .
there the ore was stored until carted to the firm 's copper yard on the ulverston canal where it was mixed , weighed and sampled , prior to shipping after [buy] by the smelter 's agent .

Over dinner Fielding explained to me about the lucrative contingencies of pornography , the pandemonium of Forty-Second Street , the Boylesk dealerships on Seventh Avenue with their prodigies of chickens and chains , the Malibu circuit with the crews splashing through the set at dusk for the last degrees of heft and twang and purchase from the beached male lead on the motel floor , the soft proliferations of soft core in worldwide cable and network and its careful codes of airbrush and dick-wipe , the stupendous aberrations of Germany and Japan , the perversion-targeting in video mail-order , the mob snuff-movie operation conceived in Mexico City and dying in the Five Boroughs .
over dinner fielding explained to me about the lucrative contingencies of pornography , the pandemonium of forty-second street , the boylesk dealerships on seventh avenue with their prodigies of chickens and chains , the malibu circuit with the crews splashing through the set at dusk for the last degrees of heft and twang and [buy] from the beached male lead on the motel floor , the soft proliferations of soft core in worldwide cable and network and its careful codes of airbrush and dick-wipe , the stupendous aberrations of germany and japan , the perversion-targeting in video mail-order , the mob snuff-movie operation conceived in mexico city and dying in the five boroughs .

The terms of purchase are on your receipt , sir . ``
the terms of [buy] are on your receipt , sir . ``

As summer approaches , many stores start to expand their range of outdoor toys and , in some supermarkets , you can often pick up a paddling pool with your weekly shopping ! Prices vary widely so shop around before you buy and make sure that you can get your purchase into the car — some boxes can be bulky !
as summer approaches , many stores start to expand their range of outdoor toys and , in some supermarkets , you can often pick up a paddling pool with your weekly shopping ! prices vary widely so shop around before you buy and make sure that you can get your [buy] into the car — some boxes can be bulky !

The clever trader secures his buyer before he makes his purchase .
the clever trader secures his buyer before he makes his [buy] .

If the appreciation is high enough and the price is possible then a purchase results .
if the appreciation is high enough and the price is possible then a [buy] results .

Instead of buying a car every second year the motorist can make his purchase every third year so creating a considerable fall in sales .
instead of buying a car every second year the motorist can make his [buy] every third year so creating a considerable fall in sales .

At the 1992 Annual General Meeting , shareholders gave the Company renewed and extended authority to purchase a maximum of 195 million of its own 25p ordinary shares .
at the 1992 annual general meeting , shareholders gave the company renewed and extended authority to [buy] a maximum of 195 million of its own 25p ordinary shares .

This is then compared with the purchase or offer price ( which includes the initial management fee ) , .
this is then compared with the [buy] or offer price ( which includes the initial management fee ) , .

On the other hand , if an individual or organization already owns a share on which options may be purchased , and a liability is expected to rise within the near future which can only be met by the sale of the shares , the cash flow from that sale may be secured by the purchase of put options .
on the other hand , if an individual or organization already owns a share on which options may be purchased , and a liability is expected to rise within the near future which can only be met by the sale of the shares , the cash flow from that sale may be secured by the [buy] of put options .

These involve the purchase or sale of a single security or option ; i.e .
these involve the [buy] or sale of a single security or option ; i.e .

If we assume that exercise price is equal to the purchase price of the shares then diagrams 7.4 ( a ) and 7.6 ( a ) may be combined .
if we assume that exercise price is equal to the [buy] price of the shares then diagrams 7.4 ( a ) and 7.6 ( a ) may be combined .

The investor may purchase shares in his chosen company for 200p so that the two states are 400p and 100p each with an equal probability of occurring ( Fig .
the investor may [buy] shares in his chosen company for 200p so that the two states are 400p and 100p each with an equal probability of occurring ( fig .

This is to treat the right as a call option which confers the right to purchase the share at an exercise price equal to the subscription price .
this is to treat the right as a call option which confers the right to [buy] the share at an exercise price equal to the subscription price .

In order to construct an equivalent investment in the ungeared firm , the investor must purchase a proportion x of the outstanding equity and partially finance this with a loan equal to xB of the geared company 's debt .
in order to construct an equivalent investment in the ungeared firm , the investor must [buy] a proportion x of the outstanding equity and partially finance this with a loan equal to xb of the geared company 's debt .

To purchase , at its discretion , other stocks offered by marketmakers .
to [buy] , at its discretion , other stocks offered by marketmakers .

Marketmakers are able to claim against their tax liabilities the full amount of any trading losses made by buying stock cum dividend and then selling it ex-dividend regardless of the interval between purchase and resale .
marketmakers are able to claim against their tax liabilities the full amount of any trading losses made by buying stock cum dividend and then selling it ex-dividend regardless of the interval between [buy] and resale .

They would be much more interested in holding period returns , which depend on the bond 's price when it is sold ( in relation to the purchase price ) and on the coupons received during the holding period .
they would be much more interested in holding period returns , which depend on the bond 's price when it is sold ( in relation to the [buy] price ) and on the coupons received during the holding period .

Some bonds have a sinking fund or purchase fund attached to them .
some bonds have a sinking fund or [buy] fund attached to them .

For such bonds a proportion of the issue is redeemed before maturity , either randomly on the basis of the bond serial numbers or through direct purchase in the market .
for such bonds a proportion of the issue is redeemed before maturity , either randomly on the basis of the bond serial numbers or through direct [buy] in the market .

Open-market operations ( the purchase and sale of money market securities by the Bank of England ) can have a number of effects : in the short term it can have the effect of tilting the yield curve both upwards and downwards ; in the longer term , by leading to changes in the money supply , it can influence inflationary expectations which in turn can affect the level of the yield curve .
open-market operations ( the [buy] and sale of money market securities by the bank of england ) can have a number of effects : in the short term it can have the effect of tilting the yield curve both upwards and downwards ; in the longer term , by leading to changes in the money supply , it can influence inflationary expectations which in turn can affect the level of the yield curve .

Sinking fund or purchase fund effect This also has a negative effect on price .
sinking fund or [buy] fund effect this also has a negative effect on price .

foreign exchange ) , which can then be used to purchase overseas bonds and shares .
foreign exchange ) , which can then be used to [buy] overseas bonds and shares .

Strategy 1 involves the purchase of a futures contract .
strategy 1 involves the [buy] of a futures contract .

Strategy 1 involves the purchase at the beginning of the year of all the shares in the stock index ( i.e .
strategy 1 involves the [buy] at the beginning of the year of all the shares in the stock index ( i.e .

Strategy 2 involves the purchase of a futures contract and the investment of a sum of money equal to the value of the cash index purchased under strategy 1 ( i.e .
strategy 2 involves the [buy] of a futures contract and the investment of a sum of money equal to the value of the cash index purchased under strategy 1 ( i.e .

When the company began to embody computers in its products , the engineers responsible were dismayed when they found that a 50 per cent overhead on the purchase price of the hardware had been charged by the estimators .
when the company began to embody computers in its products , the engineers responsible were dismayed when they found that a 50 per cent overhead on the [buy] price of the hardware had been charged by the estimators .

The small snag is that it costs considerably more than the purchase price to buy a licence to use them and a licence is required for each computer .
the small snag is that it costs considerably more than the [buy] price to buy a licence to use them and a licence is required for each computer .

Faced with the loss of their previous high-performance computer in 1987 , the university got backing from the Science and Engineering Research Council and the Department of Trade and Industry to purchase a large Computing Surface to serve both as a research vehicle and a flagship site for Meiko .
faced with the loss of their previous high-performance computer in 1987 , the university got backing from the science and engineering research council and the department of trade and industry to [buy] a large computing surface to serve both as a research vehicle and a flagship site for meiko .

Not only is diesel much less expensive at the pumps , especially in France and Italy , but purchase tax on diesel-powered cars is reduced .
not only is diesel much less expensive at the pumps , especially in france and italy , but [buy] tax on diesel-powered cars is reduced .

Therefore all landowners who were able to secured , by influence or by purchase , a royal grant of exemption from such appointments .
therefore all landowners who were able to secured , by influence or by [buy] , a royal grant of exemption from such appointments .

Some landowners were from time to time able to obtain , by favour or by purchase , a royal grant of the right to hunt the lesser beasts of the forest , such as fox , wild cat and hare , but rarely the deer ; the general prohibition remained .
some landowners were from time to time able to obtain , by favour or by [buy] , a royal grant of the right to hunt the lesser beasts of the forest , such as fox , wild cat and hare , but rarely the deer ; the general prohibition remained .

As Chief Forest Justice he put pressure upon landowners to purchase from the Crown freedom from the restrictions of long dormant Forest laws .
as chief forest justice he put pressure upon landowners to [buy] from the crown freedom from the restrictions of long dormant forest laws .

Subsequent events were to make the horse a leading candidate for the greatest bloodstock bargain of all time , but when the new owner first saw his purchase he was horrified .
subsequent events were to make the horse a leading candidate for the greatest bloodstock bargain of all time , but when the new owner first saw his [buy] he was horrified .

Foaled in 1975 and humbly bred , John Henry changed hands three times before reaching Dot and Sam Rubin 's Dotsam Stables ( Sam Rubin bought the horse unseen over the phone , and did not at the time know that his new purchase was a gelding ) .
foaled in 1975 and humbly bred , john henry changed hands three times before reaching dot and sam rubin 's dotsam stables ( sam rubin bought the horse unseen over the phone , and did not at the time know that his new [buy] was a gelding ) .

Should you be lucky enough to own a ‘ filofax ’ , there are many kinds of graph paper , different coloured notepapers , and diary sheets that you can purchase to make into a comprehensive section on your new diet and health programme .
should you be lucky enough to own a ‘ filofax ’ , there are many kinds of graph paper , different coloured notepapers , and diary sheets that you can [buy] to make into a comprehensive section on your new diet and health programme .

Also , on this first shopping trip , purchase a film for your camera and a large photograph album where you can keep a record of your progress in picture form .
also , on this first shopping trip , [buy] a film for your camera and a large photograph album where you can keep a record of your progress in picture form .

The residual funds from this transaction ( a proposed April 1986 shipment of 3,000 TOWs and Hawk missile parts to Iran ) are allocated as follows … $12m will be used to purchase critically needed supplies for the Nicaraguan Democratic Resistance forces .
the residual funds from this transaction ( a proposed april 1986 shipment of 3,000 tows and hawk missile parts to iran ) are allocated as follows … $12m will be used to [buy] critically needed supplies for the nicaraguan democratic resistance forces .

This milk , virtually the only kind available for purchase in Libya outside the major cities , was imported and distributed by the Food and Dairy Products Committee in Tripoli , a national organization .
this milk , virtually the only kind available for [buy] in libya outside the major cities , was imported and distributed by the food and dairy products committee in tripoli , a national organization .

The four boys were young but funded the purchase themselves .
the four boys were young but funded the [buy] themselves .

That extra purchase price , and the cost of the more frequent oil-change services a diesel car requires , have to be balanced against the savings in fuel likely to be made — currently around 195p per gallon .
that extra [buy] price , and the cost of the more frequent oil-change services a diesel car requires , have to be balanced against the savings in fuel likely to be made — currently around 195p per gallon .

The largest purchase last year was electrical engineer Hawker Siddeley , bought at a cost of £1½ billion .
the largest [buy] last year was electrical engineer hawker siddeley , bought at a cost of £1½ billion .

The first group of costs to contend with is that related to the purchase and transfer of ownership of land .
the first group of costs to contend with is that related to the [buy] and transfer of ownership of land .

The picturesque result and subsequent offers to purchase , for substantially more than the couple had paid , were not lost on Jill 's father , chairman of a company which already specialised in timber frame building .
the picturesque result and subsequent offers to [buy] , for substantially more than the couple had paid , were not lost on jill 's father , chairman of a company which already specialised in timber frame building .

But for a sudden , necessary purchase , it is worth scouring the charity shops at any season .
but for a sudden , necessary [buy] , it is worth scouring the charity shops at any season .

Please note that your credit-card account will be debited when your purchase is sent .
please note that your credit-card account will be debited when your [buy] is sent .

It was to meet cases of this kind that Equity invented the great remedies of specific performance and injunction : specific performance to compel a man actually to do what he has promised — to give you the land in return for the money , to pay you the purchase money in return for the land ; injunction to forbid him to do what he has promised not to do or what he has no right to do — to forbid him to open the public house or the music-school , to forbid him to build so as to block up your light , even to compel him to pull down the objectionable wall ; the last sort of injunction is called mandatory .
it was to meet cases of this kind that equity invented the great remedies of specific performance and injunction : specific performance to compel a man actually to do what he has promised — to give you the land in return for the money , to pay you the [buy] money in return for the land ; injunction to forbid him to do what he has promised not to do or what he has no right to do — to forbid him to open the public house or the music-school , to forbid him to build so as to block up your light , even to compel him to pull down the objectionable wall ; the last sort of injunction is called mandatory .

The owner of a thing is the person who has , in the fullest degree , those rights of use and enjoyment , of destruction , and of disposition , which have been mentioned above — subject , of course , to the general rules of law which protect the rights of others , to certain limited rights which he or his predecessors may have created in favour of others , and , in the case of land , to rules imposed by statute under which local and other authorities may purchase property compulsorily .
the owner of a thing is the person who has , in the fullest degree , those rights of use and enjoyment , of destruction , and of disposition , which have been mentioned above — subject , of course , to the general rules of law which protect the rights of others , to certain limited rights which he or his predecessors may have created in favour of others , and , in the case of land , to rules imposed by statute under which local and other authorities may [buy] property compulsorily .

Supposing that the result of the investigation is satisfactory , and the purchase is completed , a subsequent purchaser must again go through the whole process ; the results of each investigation are practically thrown away for the future .
supposing that the result of the investigation is satisfactory , and the [buy] is completed , a subsequent purchaser must again go through the whole process ; the results of each investigation are practically thrown away for the future .

Thus an agreement for the sale of land makes the vendor a trustee , subject to the payment of the purchase money , for the purchaser .
thus an agreement for the sale of land makes the vendor a trustee , subject to the payment of the [buy] money , for the purchaser .

The equitable lien of the vendor of land , who has conveyed the property without receiving payment of the purchase money , is quite independent of possession , and gives a right to have the property sold under an order of the court .
the equitable lien of the vendor of land , who has conveyed the property without receiving payment of the [buy] money , is quite independent of possession , and gives a right to have the property sold under an order of the court .

Canteen antagonisms … getting heavily antagonized while you 're queuing up to purchase a doughnut .
canteen antagonisms … getting heavily antagonized while you 're queuing up to [buy] a doughnut .

These cheeses should be eaten as soon as possible after purchase , otherwise the flavour and character deteriorates .
these cheeses should be eaten as soon as possible after [buy] , otherwise the flavour and character deteriorates .

Some fromage frais and quark have a longer shelf life and may be kept for a week or ten days after purchase .
some fromage frais and quark have a longer shelf life and may be kept for a week or ten days after [buy] .

If you purchase Mozzarella at the supermarket , it may be in brine or be ready grated ; it is difficult to grate but melts more evenly if you make the effort .
if you [buy] mozzarella at the supermarket , it may be in brine or be ready grated ; it is difficult to grate but melts more evenly if you make the effort .

For those of you who invite people round for drinks on the spur of the moment , it is a very good idea to visit your local ‘ deli ’ and purchase a few packets of ready cooked canapé cups and miniature tartlet cases .
for those of you who invite people round for drinks on the spur of the moment , it is a very good idea to visit your local ‘ deli ’ and [buy] a few packets of ready cooked canapé cups and miniature tartlet cases .

Last year , when the constitutional ban on forced purchase expired , Mr Mugabe promised to buy up half the remaining white farmland at prices he would set .
last year , when the constitutional ban on forced [buy] expired , mr mugabe promised to buy up half the remaining white farmland at prices he would set .

The most radical new idea would allow resettled farmers to purchase title deeds , payable over 20 years .
the most radical new idea would allow resettled farmers to [buy] title deeds , payable over 20 years .

Like the Metropolitan , the collector made her purchase in good faith , never suspecting that the painting was stolen .
like the metropolitan , the collector made her [buy] in good faith , never suspecting that the painting was stolen .

Nowhere else , for example , can home-buyers borrow 100 % of the purchase price .
nowhere else , for example , can home-buyers borrow 100 % of the [buy] price .

His purchase of Kidder Peabody soured when the New York investment bank 's top deal-maker was jailed for insider trading .
his [buy] of kidder peabody soured when the new york investment bank 's top deal-maker was jailed for insider trading .

Maxwell senior wants to concentrate on bringing his new purchase , the New York Daily News , back to life .
maxwell senior wants to concentrate on bringing his new [buy] , the new york daily news , back to life .

Tacoma 's push for clean needles was started by Dave Purchase , a local drug counsellor .
tacoma 's push for clean needles was started by dave [buy] , a local drug counsellor .

In 1988 Mr Purchase set up his exchange operation in a street where there were a lot of junkies .
in 1988 mr [buy] set up his exchange operation in a street where there were a lot of junkies .

This tax is set at 10 % of the portion of the purchase price above $ 30,000 for cars and $ 10,000 for furs and jewellery .
this tax is set at 10 % of the portion of the [buy] price above $ 30,000 for cars and $ 10,000 for furs and jewellery .

Britain 's Midland Bank has still not recovered from its purchase of California 's Crocker Bank , saddled with third-world debt .
britain 's midland bank has still not recovered from its [buy] of california 's crocker bank , saddled with third-world debt .

The retail-finance industry changed in many ways as a result — but most of all in lending for house purchase .
the retail-finance industry changed in many ways as a result — but most of all in lending for house [buy] .

For example , consumers have long railed against the way insurance companies are permitted to fix prices , allocate territories and to tie the provision of one service to the purchase of another .
for example , consumers have long railed against the way insurance companies are permitted to fix prices , allocate territories and to tie the provision of one service to the [buy] of another .

Of course , motorists in most countries pay taxes : on the purchase price of a car , on a licence to use it , and on petrol .
of course , motorists in most countries pay taxes : on the [buy] price of a car , on a licence to use it , and on petrol .

The best known of the Power surveys is the Customer Satisfaction Index , which asks 30,000 drivers to rate the quality of their vehicles and the standard of service provided by dealers a year after their purchase .
the best known of the power surveys is the customer satisfaction index , which asks 30,000 drivers to rate the quality of their vehicles and the standard of service provided by dealers a year after their [buy] .

Other surveys in the Power stable measure the opinions of owners three months ( the Initial Quality Survey ) and five years ( the Vehicle Dependability Index ) after purchase .
other surveys in the power stable measure the opinions of owners three months ( the initial quality survey ) and five years ( the vehicle dependability index ) after [buy] .

But they were encouraged to take other risks because their basic business ( lending for house purchase ) was getting unprofitable , because supervision by federal examiners was weak and because federal deposit insurance in effect underwrote any risks they cared to take .
but they were encouraged to take other risks because their basic business ( lending for house [buy] ) was getting unprofitable , because supervision by federal examiners was weak and because federal deposit insurance in effect underwrote any risks they cared to take .

The spectacle of modern investment markets has sometimes moved me towards the conclusion that to make the purchase of an investment permanent and indissoluble , like a marriage … might … force the investor to direct his mind to the long-term prospects , and to those only .
the spectacle of modern investment markets has sometimes moved me towards the conclusion that to make the [buy] of an investment permanent and indissoluble , like a marriage … might … force the investor to direct his mind to the long-term prospects , and to those only .

The Office of Fair Trading recommended a full monopolies inquiry because of the potential impact of the purchase on Bupa 's buying-power when seeking bed-space in private hospitals .
the office of fair trading recommended a full monopolies inquiry because of the potential impact of the [buy] on bupa 's buying-power when seeking bed-space in private hospitals .

The City welcomed the purchase by marking Reed 's shares up 9p to 410p , but was more surprised by News Corporation 's acquisition of the textbook publishing arm of Time-Warner .
the city welcomed the [buy] by marking reed 's shares up 9p to 410p , but was more surprised by news corporation 's acquisition of the textbook publishing arm of time-warner .

Within the last two weeks , Whitbread has finalised the purchase of two breweries from Manchester-based Boddingtons .
within the last two weeks , whitbread has finalised the [buy] of two breweries from manchester-based boddingtons .

Since only a part of the purchase price has to be put down now , this represents a likely return on capital of over 20 per cent in the first year .
since only a part of the [buy] price has to be put down now , this represents a likely return on capital of over 20 per cent in the first year .

Profits rose only two per cent to $ 829 million , but would have increased by 12 per cent without the purchase of Apollo earlier this year .
profits rose only two per cent to $ 829 million , but would have increased by 12 per cent without the [buy] of apollo earlier this year .

Between the 1st day of July 1987 and the 15th day of October 1987 conspired together and with other persons fraudulently to induce persons to enter into agreements for acquiring or subscribing for securities , namely shares in Blue Arrow plc , by making statements which they knew to be misleading , false or deceptive or by dishonestly concealing material facts or by recklessly making statements which were misleading , false or deceptive namely : 1.1 By failing to notify the Company Announcements Office of the Quotations Department of the International Stock Exchange by way of a Class 2 announcement ( as provided for by Section 6 of the Council of the Stock Exchange 's admission of securities to listing ) following the purchase of shares in Manpower Incorporated for a consideration in excess of 5 per cent of the consolidated net assets of Blue Arrow ; 1.2 By concealing the fact that the level of Acceptances of provisionally allotted new ordinary shares in Blue Arrow was 38.04 per cent at the expiry of the offer by way of rights issue at 3pm on September 28 , 1987 ; 1.3 By concealing the fact that 54,625,000 new ordinary shares in Blue Arrow were taken up after 3pm on September 28 , 1987 ; 1.4 By falsely stating that , in connection with the rights issue of 504.4 million new ordinary shares in Blue Arrow , acceptances had been received in respect of 246.5 million shares which represented 48.9 per cent of the rights issue .
between the 1st day of july 1987 and the 15th day of october 1987 conspired together and with other persons fraudulently to induce persons to enter into agreements for acquiring or subscribing for securities , namely shares in blue arrow plc , by making statements which they knew to be misleading , false or deceptive or by dishonestly concealing material facts or by recklessly making statements which were misleading , false or deceptive namely : 1.1 by failing to notify the company announcements office of the quotations department of the international stock exchange by way of a class 2 announcement ( as provided for by section 6 of the council of the stock exchange 's admission of securities to listing ) following the [buy] of shares in manpower incorporated for a consideration in excess of 5 per cent of the consolidated net assets of blue arrow ; 1.2 by concealing the fact that the level of acceptances of provisionally allotted new ordinary shares in blue arrow was 38.04 per cent at the expiry of the offer by way of rights issue at 3pm on september 28 , 1987 ; 1.3 by concealing the fact that 54,625,000 new ordinary shares in blue arrow were taken up after 3pm on september 28 , 1987 ; 1.4 by falsely stating that , in connection with the rights issue of 504.4 million new ordinary shares in blue arrow , acceptances had been received in respect of 246.5 million shares which represented 48.9 per cent of the rights issue .

It denies that its proposed purchase of GiroBank necessarily postpones the conversion plans .
it denies that its proposed [buy] of girobank necessarily postpones the conversion plans .

The Liberal Democrats say the purchase of a London City Licence by a motorist wishing to drive into central London would entitle the driver to a ‘ Freedom of the City ’ pass which would give free travel to public transport in the central area and free car parking at out of centre park and ride sites .
the liberal democrats say the [buy] of a london city licence by a motorist wishing to drive into central london would entitle the driver to a ‘ freedom of the city ’ pass which would give free travel to public transport in the central area and free car parking at out of centre park and ride sites .

It is the first time the industry has been able to purchase cover for long-term environmental damage although it does buy insurance against sudden pollution incidents or claims from disasters such as explosions .
it is the first time the industry has been able to [buy] cover for long-term environmental damage although it does buy insurance against sudden pollution incidents or claims from disasters such as explosions .

Since only a part of the purchase price has to be put down now , this represents a likely return on capital of over 20 per cent in the first year .
since only a part of the [buy] price has to be put down now , this represents a likely return on capital of over 20 per cent in the first year .

The deal , which involved the purchase of Party Politics and the Irish-trained Roc de Prince ( 17th ) was struck by renowned bloodstock agent David Minton , who advised his clients to leave the two horses with their respective trainers .
the deal , which involved the [buy] of party politics and the irish-trained roc de prince ( 17th ) was struck by renowned bloodstock agent david minton , who advised his clients to leave the two horses with their respective trainers .

The first the trainer knew of the impending purchase was when a fax from Minton was found in his office last Wednesday .
the first the trainer knew of the impending [buy] was when a fax from minton was found in his office last wednesday .

with the purchase of Peter Hand from Hillsdown for £7½m .
with the [buy] of peter hand from hillsdown for £7½m .

Perhaps a visit to the glass-animal maker in the Bat House would be of interest , and no visit to the park would be complete without a browse around the spacious gift shop where you can purchase a memento of your visit .
perhaps a visit to the glass-animal maker in the bat house would be of interest , and no visit to the park would be complete without a browse around the spacious gift shop where you can [buy] a memento of your visit .

He saw Mariana scrabble at the grass , desperate for purchase .
he saw mariana scrabble at the grass , desperate for [buy] .

caravans , watercraft or hovercraft owned by the Insured Person or hired by him/her under a hire purchase agreement ;
caravans , watercraft or hovercraft owned by the insured person or hired by him/her under a hire [buy] agreement ;

We reserve the right in any circumstance to cancel your holiday , and , in this event , we will return to you all monies you have paid us or will offer you an alternative available holiday to purchase , or comparable standard , in no case , except for reasons of war etc. ( see Important note above ) , will your holiday be cancelled less than 8 weeks before the scheduled departure date .
we reserve the right in any circumstance to cancel your holiday , and , in this event , we will return to you all monies you have paid us or will offer you an alternative available holiday to [buy] , or comparable standard , in no case , except for reasons of war etc. ( see important note above ) , will your holiday be cancelled less than 8 weeks before the scheduled departure date .

This type of Credit is particularly popular in America where it is used ‘ to guarantee payments to shareholders in leveraged buy-outs , to receive reimbursement of the purchase price of a champion thoroughbred should it fail to sire offspring , and to underwrite the obligation of a boxing promoter to deliver the purse to the winner ’ ( Letters of Credit — Euromoney Publications ) .
this type of credit is particularly popular in america where it is used ‘ to guarantee payments to shareholders in leveraged buy-outs , to receive reimbursement of the [buy] price of a champion thoroughbred should it fail to sire offspring , and to underwrite the obligation of a boxing promoter to deliver the purse to the winner ’ ( letters of credit — euromoney publications ) .

Emergency repatriation voucher ( £300 ) for the purchase of passenger tickets .
emergency repatriation voucher ( £300 ) for the [buy] of passenger tickets .

Duty free goods will be available for purchase though the choice may be limited on certain flights .
duty free goods will be available for [buy] though the choice may be limited on certain flights .

During the ferry crossing you will have time to purchase duty free goods .
during the ferry crossing you will have time to [buy] duty free goods .

Homes which meet the new standards will be exempt from stamp duty on house purchase .
homes which meet the new standards will be exempt from stamp duty on house [buy] .

If a home does not meet the minimum standard , the owner will be able to claim back all the money spent within the first year after purchase on raising it to that level , through , for example , home insulation , up to the amount of stamp duty they paid when they bought the property ( up to the maximum of £1000 ) .
if a home does not meet the minimum standard , the owner will be able to claim back all the money spent within the first year after [buy] on raising it to that level , through , for example , home insulation , up to the amount of stamp duty they paid when they bought the property ( up to the maximum of £1000 ) .

We will invest £25 million from within our overall budget to purchase several hundred more new , fully-equipped ambulances .
we will invest £25 million from within our overall budget to [buy] several hundred more new , fully-equipped ambulances .

All that was necessary was the purchase of sufficient land on the west side of the Leicester Canal to make a towpath for access to the Grand Union .
all that was necessary was the [buy] of sufficient land on the west side of the leicester canal to make a towpath for access to the grand union .

Plans to improve the whole line were under discussion since the 1880 's , and during the 1890 's this became increasingly feasible as a result of the purchase of the Grand Junction .
plans to improve the whole line were under discussion since the 1880 's , and during the 1890 's this became increasingly feasible as a result of the [buy] of the grand junction .

Though the whole line from London to Langley Mill never finally came under one ownership , by 1897 this had become possible by the negotiation of options to purchase the remaining sections north of Leicester .
though the whole line from london to langley mill never finally came under one ownership , by 1897 this had become possible by the negotiation of options to [buy] the remaining sections north of leicester .

In July 1897 , having already purchased the Union Canals in 1894 and just completed options to purchase the Leicester Navigation , and the Loughborough and Erewash Canals , the committee resolved to purchase the necessary land at Foxton and instructed that tenders for the lift machinery be obtained .
in july 1897 , having already purchased the union canals in 1894 and just completed options to [buy] the leicester navigation , and the loughborough and erewash canals , the committee resolved to [buy] the necessary land at foxton and instructed that tenders for the lift machinery be obtained .

One of these was in 1905 — a decision to purchase a new set of wheels and axles from Gwynnes for £60 .
one of these was in 1905 — a decision to [buy] a new set of wheels and axles from gwynnes for £60 .

In 1894 the purchase of the Leicester Canals was completed , and as mentioned earlier , agreements and options covering the rest of the route to Langley Mill were later arranged .
in 1894 the [buy] of the leicester canals was completed , and as mentioned earlier , agreements and options covering the rest of the route to langley mill were later arranged .

Furthermore , they agreed to buy back the land at the purchase price should the venture fail .
furthermore , they agreed to buy back the land at the [buy] price should the venture fail .

This June Meeting asked for the bond balances to be called in so as the final land purchase could go ahead and , for the first of many times , it discussed the question of the use of caddies on a Sunday .
this june meeting asked for the bond balances to be called in so as the final land [buy] could go ahead and , for the first of many times , it discussed the question of the use of caddies on a sunday .

One item of interest in 1923 was the purchase of a small piece of church land ( about treble green size ) to widen the approach to the fifth green by bringing into bounds more of the bushes on the right .
one item of interest in 1923 was the [buy] of a small piece of church land ( about treble green size ) to widen the approach to the fifth green by bringing into bounds more of the bushes on the right .

With this purchase came the inevitable decision to ‘ get rid of the horses so long as a comfortable place could be found ’ .
with this [buy] came the inevitable decision to ‘ get rid of the horses so long as a comfortable place could be found ’ .

In 1934 it was still a struggle — a fridge was bought on hire purchase over two years — and the Professional missed being ‘ laid off ’ only by the Chairman 's casting vote , on the proposal ‘ that the present position of the Club was such he should move on ’ .
in 1934 it was still a struggle — a fridge was bought on hire [buy] over two years — and the professional missed being ‘ laid off ’ only by the chairman 's casting vote , on the proposal ‘ that the present position of the club was such he should move on ’ .

Although admission was free the public had to purchase Red Cross badge which gave the spectators temporary membership .
although admission was free the public had to [buy] red cross badge which gave the spectators temporary membership .

We will introduce legislation designed to give consumers confidence that what they purchase is properly described — and that adequate compensation is offered where these requirements are not met .
we will introduce legislation designed to give consumers confidence that what they [buy] is properly described — and that adequate compensation is offered where these requirements are not met .

Jigsaws are a good purchase for the d-i-yer trying to build up a reasonably comprehensive tool kit .
jigsaws are a good [buy] for the d-i-yer trying to build up a reasonably comprehensive tool kit .

We 'll be financing your purchase ( not just arranging it ) over the next 20 to 25 years or more — so your well being is vitally important to us .
we 'll be financing your [buy] ( not just arranging it ) over the next 20 to 25 years or more — so your well being is vitally important to us .

When you 've made your offer , there are three things to do : get the mortgage finalised , exchange contracts , and complete the purchase .
when you 've made your offer , there are three things to do : get the mortgage finalised , exchange contracts , and complete the [buy] .

The successful bidder is under a binding contract to purchase the relevant property .
the successful bidder is under a binding contract to [buy] the relevant property .

It does not include every possible expense as each purchase and sale could have some variations .
it does not include every possible expense as each [buy] and sale could have some variations .

Or it could help you re-structure your finances by paying off all you owe on store cards , credit cards and hire purchase .
or it could help you re-structure your finances by paying off all you owe on store cards , credit cards and hire [buy] .

Purchase of shares
[buy] of shares

The money will be deducted from your current account within a few days of your purchase — just like a cheque , but so much easier .
the money will be deducted from your current account within a few days of your [buy] — just like a cheque , but so much easier .

And , under current Government regulations , provided that your total borrowing for house purchase and home improvements does n't exceed £30,000 the interest on your Home Improvement Loan may qualify for tax relief .
and , under current government regulations , provided that your total borrowing for house [buy] and home improvements does n't exceed £30,000 the interest on your home improvement loan may qualify for tax relief .

If you need up to £15,000 to purchase any item of equipment — like a new vehicle , a phone system , or machinery — or for working capital , a Businessloan is the answer .
if you need up to £15,000 to [buy] any item of equipment — like a new vehicle , a phone system , or machinery — or for working capital , a businessloan is the answer .

‘ We had outgrown our present building when the opportunity came up to purchase the adjoining freehold .
‘ we had outgrown our present building when the opportunity came up to [buy] the adjoining freehold .

As individuals we could only raise a fraction of the figure from our personal resources , but Barclays were able to provide a Basis Loan , which together with conventional bank facilities , was enough to fund the purchase .
as individuals we could only raise a fraction of the figure from our personal resources , but barclays were able to provide a basis loan , which together with conventional bank facilities , was enough to fund the [buy] .

Have you ever paid a little more for a better seat at the theatre , and thus enjoyed a far more memorable evening ? Or have you ever needed a break from the pressures of work and paid a few pounds more to escape the holiday crowds ? Or even chosen an important purchase , like new tyres for your car for example , based upon safety rather than price ?
have you ever paid a little more for a better seat at the theatre , and thus enjoyed a far more memorable evening ? or have you ever needed a break from the pressures of work and paid a few pounds more to escape the holiday crowds ? or even chosen an important [buy] , like new tyres for your car for example , based upon safety rather than price ?

Just about every retail purchase you make with the Card is immediately covered by Purchase Protection against accidental damage , loss or theft for up to 90 days and begins where any existing cover you may already have leaves off , up to £20,000 per Cardmember .
just about every retail [buy] you make with the card is immediately covered by [buy] protection against accidental damage , loss or theft for up to 90 days and begins where any existing cover you may already have leaves off , up to £20,000 per cardmember .

He made his first professional purchase at the age of 16 , while still at art college , when he bought a plate for two shillings at Preston market .
he made his first professional [buy] at the age of 16 , while still at art college , when he bought a plate for two shillings at preston market .

Initially they hesitated to do this because owners are entitled to respond with a purchase notice requiring the council to buy the building , potentially landing ratepayers with a large bill for restoration .
initially they hesitated to do this because owners are entitled to respond with a [buy] notice requiring the council to buy the building , potentially landing ratepayers with a large bill for restoration .

This tally is boosted by Caparo 's purchase of JHFenner 's 6.32 per cent holding .
this tally is boosted by caparo 's [buy] of jhfenner 's 6.32 per cent holding .

Polly Peck raised half of the £560million Del Monte Fresh Fruit purchase cost through its three-for-seven rights issue , but it has just paid £69million for control of Sansui .
polly peck raised half of the £560million del monte fresh fruit [buy] cost through its three-for-seven rights issue , but it has just paid £69million for control of sansui .

’ My own ruse was to ‘ swap ’ credit cards with an equally debt-ridden friend ; for three months we had to travel halfway across London to retrieve our own card and ask ‘ permission ’ before making a purchase !
’ my own ruse was to ‘ swap ’ credit cards with an equally debt-ridden friend ; for three months we had to travel halfway across london to retrieve our own card and ask ‘ permission ’ before making a [buy] !

Plus , there 's a unique opportunity for you to purchase a Clothes Show Live carrier bag and catalogue .
plus , there 's a unique opportunity for you to [buy] a clothes show live carrier bag and catalogue .

The purchase is the first for Strathmore , which was recently founded by Ronnie Rickard , former managing director of Norscot Hotels .
the [buy] is the first for strathmore , which was recently founded by ronnie rickard , former managing director of norscot hotels .

Most involve no capital outlay , being supplied under the discounted electricity purchase scheme .
most involve no capital outlay , being supplied under the discounted electricity [buy] scheme .

In the long term , hotel and restaurant caterers at all levels will benefit from this co-operation because any innovations will eventually be offered as an option or even a standard fitting on the models if frying equipment they purchase .
in the long term , hotel and restaurant caterers at all levels will benefit from this co-operation because any innovations will eventually be offered as an option or even a standard fitting on the models if frying equipment they [buy] .

Hence there follows a full description of the origin and staple features of the constituent parts of the traditional farmstead because it is important that the untutored town dweller who is contemplating the purchase and conversion of an old farm building should recognise the different building types , understand the operational influences which shaped the form of each structure , and frame his or her ideas for the conversion so that any permanent evidence of agricultural history which the building provides is not erased .
hence there follows a full description of the origin and staple features of the constituent parts of the traditional farmstead because it is important that the untutored town dweller who is contemplating the [buy] and conversion of an old farm building should recognise the different building types , understand the operational influences which shaped the form of each structure , and frame his or her ideas for the conversion so that any permanent evidence of agricultural history which the building provides is not erased .

The purchase price of each unit was chiefly related to its area , although other factors entered in , such as the amenity offered by the single private garden .
the [buy] price of each unit was chiefly related to its area , although other factors entered in , such as the amenity offered by the single private garden .

Prior to their purchase of the building , the owner of the adjoining mill house had made two attempts to obtain permission from the local authority to change the use of the mill from industrial premises into a dwelling , but it was only with the current owners ' application of 1977 that planning permission for this change was granted .
prior to their [buy] of the building , the owner of the adjoining mill house had made two attempts to obtain permission from the local authority to change the use of the mill from industrial premises into a dwelling , but it was only with the current owners ' application of 1977 that planning permission for this change was granted .

His decision to purchase the mill heralded the start of a thorough and extensive process of restoration .
his decision to [buy] the mill heralded the start of a thorough and extensive process of restoration .

After much negotiation , the association was obliged to pay a purchase price of £210,000 for Granby House at the end of 1983 .
after much negotiation , the association was obliged to pay a [buy] price of £210,000 for granby house at the end of 1983 .

The Lewises ’ substantial house in Belfast was finally sold for £2,300 , seven months after their purchase of The Kilns .
the lewises ’ substantial house in belfast was finally sold for £2,300 , seven months after their [buy] of the kilns .

The Kilns venture was highly unusual , and the Lewis brothers knew that they could only afford it by taking the great risk of throwing in their lot together ; in the event the purchase price was lowered to £3,300 .
the kilns venture was highly unusual , and the lewis brothers knew that they could only afford it by taking the great risk of throwing in their lot together ; in the event the [buy] price was lowered to £3,300 .

Purchase eggs , larvae , pupae and breeding cages from entomological suppliers .
[buy] eggs , larvae , pupae and breeding cages from entomological suppliers .

In a separate development , British Aerospace confirmed it had raised its stake in Ferranti to 1.7 per cent through the purchase of 5.72 million shares .
in a separate development , british aerospace confirmed it had raised its stake in ferranti to 1.7 per cent through the [buy] of 5.72 million shares .

The purchase follows Hawker Siddeley 's acquisition earlier this year of a 49 per cent stake in Elco Elettromeccanica , an Italian maker of small electric motors , as part of a plan to strengthen its European presence .
the [buy] follows hawker siddeley 's acquisition earlier this year of a 49 per cent stake in elco elettromeccanica , an italian maker of small electric motors , as part of a plan to strengthen its european presence .

For one thing , the gallery knows very well which other collectors may be interested in making a purchase ; for another , the gallery , since it represents the artist , likes to have some control over where a major work may be placed .
for one thing , the gallery knows very well which other collectors may be interested in making a [buy] ; for another , the gallery , since it represents the artist , likes to have some control over where a major work may be placed .

Similarly , if you take out a foreign currency mortgage where sterling is exchanged for foreign currency at the time of the purchase , and you subsequently want to repay the mortgage — you then have to pay over sterling to secure foreign currency with which to do so .
similarly , if you take out a foreign currency mortgage where sterling is exchanged for foreign currency at the time of the [buy] , and you subsequently want to repay the mortgage — you then have to pay over sterling to secure foreign currency with which to do so .

The purchase price includes six months road tax and delivery .
the [buy] price includes six months road tax and delivery .

However , car buyers should be aware that all kinds of discounts are available on new cars and that an interest-free loan for 75 per cent for two years might still work out more expensive than borrowing elsewhere and getting a large cash discount on the purchase price .
however , car buyers should be aware that all kinds of discounts are available on new cars and that an interest-free loan for 75 per cent for two years might still work out more expensive than borrowing elsewhere and getting a large cash discount on the [buy] price .

The world 's second oldest league is celebrated in a new book that is an essential purchase for anyone who loves the game 's nuances .
the world 's second oldest league is celebrated in a new book that is an essential [buy] for anyone who loves the game 's nuances .

Then , last year , their planned purchase of Nottingham racecourse fell through .
then , last year , their planned [buy] of nottingham racecourse fell through .

paradoxically , it is in museums that the market in art is defined , since permanent collections place limits on what is available for collectors to purchase .
paradoxically , it is in museums that the market in art is defined , since permanent collections place limits on what is available for collectors to [buy] .

Cars supplied for hire or purchase can be adapted to suit the needs of the individual , but the types of adaptation that can be made to hire cars is more restricted because they have to be returned to the general market at the end of the hire period .
cars supplied for hire or [buy] can be adapted to suit the needs of the individual , but the types of adaptation that can be made to hire cars is more restricted because they have to be returned to the general market at the end of the hire period .

It may also mean freedom to purchase ‘ Playboy ’ magazine , to indulge in the vulgarities of verbal and visual displays of the sexual and sexist types , though at a much lower level than those current in Scotland or England at soccer matches and in public houses .
it may also mean freedom to [buy] ‘ playboy ’ magazine , to indulge in the vulgarities of verbal and visual displays of the sexual and sexist types , though at a much lower level than those current in scotland or england at soccer matches and in public houses .

‘ Did Sir Vivien perhaps purchase a licence for his dog from this office ?
‘ did sir vivien perhaps [buy] a licence for his dog from this office ?

We could purchase our own houses while they lived in police colonies , denied the privilege of house purchase until they had fifteen years ' service ; this classified them as ‘ peasants , serfs , living in the feudal world of tithed cottages ’ .
we could [buy] our own houses while they lived in police colonies , denied the privilege of house [buy] until they had fifteen years ' service ; this classified them as ‘ peasants , serfs , living in the feudal world of tithed cottages ’ .

The novelist is less inward , less collusive , with her than he is with her husband — a relation fully consonant with Eric 's law of nature — but he wants her view to be respected , and works it too hard as a purchase on wrong thinking .
the novelist is less inward , less collusive , with her than he is with her husband — a relation fully consonant with eric 's law of nature — but he wants her view to be respected , and works it too hard as a [buy] on wrong thinking .

And the next time Brown compiles a menu , the costing for each dish will be based on the updated purchase price .
and the next time brown compiles a menu , the costing for each dish will be based on the updated [buy] price .

This can be done by purchase unit , standard unit or a combination of the two .
this can be done by [buy] unit , standard unit or a combination of the two .

The company can provide televisions on contract rental , hire purchase or outright purchase .
the company can provide televisions on contract rental , hire [buy] or outright [buy] .

The old rule was to purchase 25% more than your restaurant can seat .
the old rule was to [buy] 25% more than your restaurant can seat .

Woodworkers ' Workshop includes all the information needed to source machines and tools for a workshop , with further advice on insurance , floors , timber storage , and the best way to purchase tools .
woodworkers ' workshop includes all the information needed to source machines and tools for a workshop , with further advice on insurance , floors , timber storage , and the best way to [buy] tools .

It is cheaper to purchase a plug in Cairns rather than buy a multi adaptor .
it is cheaper to [buy] a plug in cairns rather than buy a multi adaptor .

His first record purchase , significantly , was Marianne Faithfull 's ‘ Come And Stay With Me ’ .
his first record [buy] , significantly , was marianne faithfull 's ‘ come and stay with me ’ .

The additional expense incurred in the purchase of dog will only deter the less enthusiastic .
the additional expense incurred in the [buy] of dog will only deter the less enthusiastic .

Having weighed up all these factors , you are ready to make a preliminary capital budget of the costs of fencing , drainage , water supply , access , fertility , buildings , and farmhouse ; then of the purchase of livestock , machinery , and equipment .
having weighed up all these factors , you are ready to make a preliminary capital budget of the costs of fencing , drainage , water supply , access , fertility , buildings , and farmhouse ; then of the [buy] of livestock , machinery , and equipment .

Nevertheless , the real value of land is constant ; and capital invested in it will not deteriorate with inflation ; in the long term the purchase of a smallholding even at inflated prices , can make sense if the buyer can hold back enough to put it in order , and stock and equip it .
nevertheless , the real value of land is constant ; and capital invested in it will not deteriorate with inflation ; in the long term the [buy] of a smallholding even at inflated prices , can make sense if the buyer can hold back enough to put it in order , and stock and equip it .

So far we have considered our capital outlay on land purchase , land improvements , livestock , machinery , equipment , and buildings , and decided how this will be spread over the ‘ build-up ’ years .
so far we have considered our capital outlay on land [buy] , land improvements , livestock , machinery , equipment , and buildings , and decided how this will be spread over the ‘ build-up ’ years .

This Repairs Notice can lead to compulsory purchase of a property by the planning authority if the repairs are not carried out .
this repairs notice can lead to compulsory [buy] of a property by the planning authority if the repairs are not carried out .

They were afraid that owners might respond , as they are entitled to do , by serving a purchase order on the council .
they were afraid that owners might respond , as they are entitled to do , by serving a [buy] order on the council .

The council would thereby be obliged to purchase the building and in theory repair it at ratepayers ' expense .
the council would thereby be obliged to [buy] the building and in theory repair it at ratepayers ' expense .

The guidelines issued to the National Heritage Memorial Fund allowed it to give grants , not only for the purchase of outstanding buildings , land and works of artistic and historic interest , but also to provide endowments for major houses threatened with sale .
the guidelines issued to the national heritage memorial fund allowed it to give grants , not only for the [buy] of outstanding buildings , land and works of artistic and historic interest , but also to provide endowments for major houses threatened with sale .

One of the conditions of the original purchase from Wedgwood was that it could buy back the house for £1 if we had not completed the restoration within five years .
one of the conditions of the original [buy] from wedgwood was that it could buy back the house for £1 if we had not completed the restoration within five years .

As a result of the meeting and subsequent publicity , it was resolved that the council would indeed proceed with compulsory purchase , that study would be undertaken to explore new uses for the building and that English Heritage would grant substantial aid for repairs .
as a result of the meeting and subsequent publicity , it was resolved that the council would indeed proceed with compulsory [buy] , that study would be undertaken to explore new uses for the building and that english heritage would grant substantial aid for repairs .

Ministers none the less were now concerned to save the statue by different means ; and early in the spring of 1989 , Nicholas Ridley announced a change in the rules governing the export of works of art , by which private purchasers , as well as public institutions , could purchase works subject to an export stop .
ministers none the less were now concerned to save the statue by different means ; and early in the spring of 1989 , nicholas ridley announced a change in the rules governing the export of works of art , by which private purchasers , as well as public institutions , could [buy] works subject to an export stop .

The analysis associated with the Name of the Father , castration and the Oedipal seems to me to have less purchase in thinking television than it has had for cinema .
the analysis associated with the name of the father , castration and the oedipal seems to me to have less [buy] in thinking television than it has had for cinema .

Formulaic genres and cliched conventions can no longer claim any purchase on vivid immediate reality , and hence lose their place in public opinion .
formulaic genres and cliched conventions can no longer claim any [buy] on vivid immediate reality , and hence lose their place in public opinion .

The hip scores of both parents are then given and all this information is published in the Club magazine , not only to assist people in the purchase of quality puppies , but also for the general information and education of members .
the hip scores of both parents are then given and all this information is published in the club magazine , not only to assist people in the [buy] of quality puppies , but also for the general information and education of members .

In 1990 there was a breakthrough in public consciousness when entire libraries were being closed in the Midlands and other parts of Britain , and other libraries were cutting back on new books , or freezing purchase grants .
in 1990 there was a breakthrough in public consciousness when entire libraries were being closed in the midlands and other parts of britain , and other libraries were cutting back on new books , or freezing [buy] grants .

We did two things to offset this : first of course we reduced the book fund [ the money for purchase of new books ] .
we did two things to offset this : first of course we reduced the book fund [ the money for [buy] of new books ] .

The institutions are now prepared to lend larger multiples of income , and higher proportions of the purchase price .
the institutions are now prepared to lend larger multiples of income , and higher proportions of the [buy] price .

Of course , if you are financing the purchase through a Bank or Building Society , a valuation report will be commissioned and you receive a courtesy copy in most instances .
of course , if you are financing the [buy] through a bank or building society , a valuation report will be commissioned and you receive a courtesy copy in most instances .

Whatever you do , before you are committed to purchase , safeguard yourself by talking to the professionals .
whatever you do , before you are committed to [buy] , safeguard yourself by talking to the professionals .

Do n't leave your decision to the last moment — you should not expect your surveyor to hurry a report which can potentially save you thousands of pounds — talk to him as soon as you have chosen your purchase .
do n't leave your decision to the last moment — you should not expect your surveyor to hurry a report which can potentially save you thousands of pounds — talk to him as soon as you have chosen your [buy] .

We offer free and expert guidance on all the finance aspects of home purchase .
we offer free and expert guidance on all the finance aspects of home [buy] .

In the current market , availability of funds presents no problem for house purchase ; many fixed rate mortgages are on offer from a wide range of lending institutions enabling prospective purchasers to stabilise their out-goings for the next one to two years .
in the current market , availability of funds presents no problem for house [buy] ; many fixed rate mortgages are on offer from a wide range of lending institutions enabling prospective purchasers to stabilise their out-goings for the next one to two years .

Hopefully the new home which you are now considering as a prospective purchase will be suitable for your needs in every way , but it may well be that a need for some renovation or refurbishment is indicated from the surveyor 's report or that you will wish to make improvements or alterations of your own .
hopefully the new home which you are now considering as a prospective [buy] will be suitable for your needs in every way , but it may well be that a need for some renovation or refurbishment is indicated from the surveyor 's report or that you will wish to make improvements or alterations of your own .

You can purchase two kinds of duvet , polyester filled or natural .
you can [buy] two kinds of duvet , polyester filled or natural .

Ideally your carpets should be the first major purchase in your new home , for it is around this essential item of furnishing that the rest of your interiors should be planned .
ideally your carpets should be the first major [buy] in your new home , for it is around this essential item of furnishing that the rest of your interiors should be planned .

The society will lend up to 95 per cent of the purchase price or valuation , whichever is lower .
the society will lend up to 95 per cent of the [buy] price or valuation , whichever is lower .

Conspicuous consumption epitomised by Mr Bond 's $ 53.9million purchase of Van Gogh 's Irises was as much a totem of the gilded era as insider trader Ivan Boesky 's exaltation to greed .
conspicuous consumption epitomised by mr bond 's $ 53.9million [buy] of van gogh 's irises was as much a totem of the gilded era as insider trader ivan boesky 's exaltation to greed .

Radio Investments has taken its stake in Kent-based radio station Invicta Sound to 10.47 per cent through the purchase of another 1.39 per cent .
radio investments has taken its stake in kent-based radio station invicta sound to 10.47 per cent through the [buy] of another 1.39 per cent .

Bass , Britain 's biggest brewer , became the world 's largest hotelier with the $ 2billion purchase of America 's Holiday Inn .
bass , britain 's biggest brewer , became the world 's largest hotelier with the $ 2billion [buy] of america 's holiday inn .

Wyre anglers , including members of the committee , voted at their annual meeting last March to purchase an electric winch at a cost of £285 .
wyre anglers , including members of the committee , voted at their annual meeting last march to [buy] an electric winch at a cost of £285 .

This will be so particularly in the case of goods which are of a very low price , so that there is little income barrier to their purchase .
this will be so particularly in the case of goods which are of a very low price , so that there is little income barrier to their [buy] .

The process of bringing the Western markets and the Eastern bloc markets together is evident in the announcement by the multinational company General Electric ( November 1989 ) of its intention to purchase a majority stake in Tungsram , the Hungarian lighting equipment manufacturer . The Financial Times commented : ( 20.11.89 )
the process of bringing the western markets and the eastern bloc markets together is evident in the announcement by the multinational company general electric ( november 1989 ) of its intention to [buy] a majority stake in tungsram , the hungarian lighting equipment manufacturer . the financial times commented : ( 20.11.89 )

Trial — which will involve purchase , accepting a free gift , or in the case of a more expensive product , a demonstration to test the evaluation of it
trial — which will involve [buy] , accepting a free gift , or in the case of a more expensive product , a demonstration to test the evaluation of it

Adoption — having gathered information and tested it out , the purchaser either continues to buy the product ( 'repeat purchase' ) in the case of less expensive goods , or makes the single purchase which the producer of the product intends .
adoption — having gathered information and tested it out , the purchaser either continues to buy the product ( 'repeat purchase' ) in the case of less expensive goods , or makes the single [buy] which the producer of the product intends .

Divisibility — the range of income levels in diverse marketplaces means that the divisibility of a product ( so that trial purchase may be made easily ) will be very influential
divisibility — the range of income levels in diverse marketplaces means that the divisibility of a product ( so that trial [buy] may be made easily ) will be very influential

Which member of the family , husband or wife , makes the decision about the purchase of a dishwasher for the house ?
which member of the family , husband or wife , makes the decision about the [buy] of a dishwasher for the house ?

He next moved on to the buying office , a very important department in a company such as Cadbury 's where the skilful purchase of the ingredients that go into the products can have a crucial impact on the viability of the business .
he next moved on to the buying office , a very important department in a company such as cadbury 's where the skilful [buy] of the ingredients that go into the products can have a crucial impact on the viability of the business .

In September 1983 Habitat Mothercare joined with merchant bankers Morgan Grenfell to purchase the Richard Shops chain .
in september 1983 habitat mothercare joined with merchant bankers morgan grenfell to [buy] the richard shops chain .

In December 1987 , Storehouse balanced its women 's fashion business with the purchase of Blazer , the successful menswear chain specialising in classic English style .
in december 1987 , storehouse balanced its women 's fashion business with the [buy] of blazer , the successful menswear chain specialising in classic english style .

The money from the sale of the products is put into a trust fund , so that when the youngsters leave at the age of sixteen to make their own way in the world they have the means to purchase a flock of sheep or a horse and cart , giving them a vital start in whatever activity they take up .
the money from the sale of the products is put into a trust fund , so that when the youngsters leave at the age of sixteen to make their own way in the world they have the means to [buy] a flock of sheep or a horse and cart , giving them a vital start in whatever activity they take up .

These empowered local authorities to clear and reconstruct unhealthy areas , with powers to purchase compulsorily and to limit compensation .
these empowered local authorities to clear and reconstruct unhealthy areas , with powers to [buy] compulsorily and to limit compensation .

There is no objection to retaining an upper limit on size , though in practice people desiring large houses would either purchase old ones or wait until building costs fall .
there is no objection to retaining an upper limit on size , though in practice people desiring large houses would either [buy] old ones or wait until building costs fall .

Gatfield is still surprised by the record-buying public 's assumption that the first record they purchase by a new act must be that artist 's first release .
gatfield is still surprised by the record-buying public 's assumption that the first record they [buy] by a new act must be that artist 's first release .

This is always the case unless the purchase of equipment and other costs are undertaken privately by one or more members of the band .
this is always the case unless the [buy] of equipment and other costs are undertaken privately by one or more members of the band .

Firstly , all equipment should be bought and owned by specific members of the band , and all purchase invoices should be kept .
firstly , all equipment should be bought and owned by specific members of the band , and all [buy] invoices should be kept .

in unwise policy decisions ; in day to day ineptness in running the enterprises ; in illicit government transfer payments in construction and purchase contracts and through every other imaginable channel ; in the use of contractor finance and suppliers ' credits to finance the venality of state officials ; and in overburdened and unrealistic capital structures .
in unwise policy decisions ; in day to day ineptness in running the enterprises ; in illicit government transfer payments in construction and [buy] contracts and through every other imaginable channel ; in the use of contractor finance and suppliers ' credits to finance the venality of state officials ; and in overburdened and unrealistic capital structures .

In projects designed to support small ( and larger-scale ) entrepreneurs various forms of ‘ leakage ’ are frequent : credit funds ear-marked for a particular purpose are deployed for entirely different purposes , or for the purchase of domestic assets .
in projects designed to support small ( and larger-scale ) entrepreneurs various forms of ‘ leakage ’ are frequent : credit funds ear-marked for a particular purpose are deployed for entirely different purposes , or for the [buy] of domestic assets .

They provide welfare support ranging from hospital visits to helping with the completion of applications for financial assistance for a variety of needs , such as rent , gas , electricity , telephone arrears , purchase of essential household equipment , clothing and travel costs to visit sick relatives .
they provide welfare support ranging from hospital visits to helping with the completion of applications for financial assistance for a variety of needs , such as rent , gas , electricity , telephone arrears , [buy] of essential household equipment , clothing and travel costs to visit sick relatives .

Capital expenditure amounted to £1,307,571 , mainly for the purchase , modification and furnishing of the three Eagle Lodges and the completion of the new Therapy Wing at Sussexdown .
capital expenditure amounted to £1,307,571 , mainly for the [buy] , modification and furnishing of the three eagle lodges and the completion of the new therapy wing at sussexdown .

For new cars the length of the agreement varies according to whether you buy on contract hire ( commonly known as ‘ lease ’ ) which is for a period of three years , or on hire purchase which can be between four and five years .
for new cars the length of the agreement varies according to whether you buy on contract hire ( commonly known as ‘ lease ’ ) which is for a period of three years , or on hire [buy] which can be between four and five years .

The Hire Purchase scheme
the hire [buy] scheme

You should understand , however , that under the Hire Purchase scheme all you are buying is the car itself .
you should understand , however , that under the hire [buy] scheme all you are buying is the car itself .

The range of adaptations possible on a hire purchase car , however , is greater that those available on the hire scheme .
the range of adaptations possible on a hire [buy] car , however , is greater that those available on the hire scheme .

In the 1950s , the purchase of a car , along with electrical consumer durables , became the aspiration of most citizens , along with holidays overseas .
in the 1950s , the [buy] of a car , along with electrical consumer durables , became the aspiration of most citizens , along with holidays overseas .

By the eighties , affluence was expressed , to a growing degree , in the purchase of a second home , often by city-dwellers whose alternative residence hastened the endemic decay of village life — or open political hostility in Wales where a campaign of house incendiarism by some cultural nationalists , the ‘ Sons of Glyn Dŵr ’ , punctuated the otherwise peaceful history of the principality from the 1960s to the 1980s .
by the eighties , affluence was expressed , to a growing degree , in the [buy] of a second home , often by city-dwellers whose alternative residence hastened the endemic decay of village life — or open political hostility in wales where a campaign of house incendiarism by some cultural nationalists , the ‘ sons of glyn dŵr ’ , punctuated the otherwise peaceful history of the principality from the 1960s to the 1980s .

One was the growth of house purchase .
one was the growth of house [buy] .

The purchase of the land is believed to have cost McCartney around £140,000 , and was inspired by his keenness ‘ to stop this barbaric so-called ‘ sport ’ .
the [buy] of the land is believed to have cost mccartney around £140,000 , and was inspired by his keenness ‘ to stop this barbaric so-called ‘ sport ’ .

Commenting on his purchase , McCartney is said to be delighted that the land is now ‘ free from the huntsmen .
commenting on his [buy] , mccartney is said to be delighted that the land is now ‘ free from the huntsmen .

In a patron 's letter delivered by video to the Trust 's annual general meeting and repeated in full in the recent newsletter , Prince Charles said ‘ The recent purchase of the Torrin estate is the best possible demonstration of what the Trust is all about .
in a patron 's letter delivered by video to the trust 's annual general meeting and repeated in full in the recent newsletter , prince charles said ‘ the recent [buy] of the torrin estate is the best possible demonstration of what the trust is all about .

Prince Charles also supported the Torrin purchase financially .
prince charles also supported the torrin [buy] financially .

Although there was no direct financial incentive for The purchase of shares , the bulk of those who took them up were involved in business .
although there was no direct financial incentive for the [buy] of shares , the bulk of those who took them up were involved in business .

But of course such operations affect the reserves in the month in which the forward purchase matures , not in the month in which the transaction is executed .
but of course such operations affect the reserves in the month in which the forward [buy] matures , not in the month in which the transaction is executed .

The Japanese are no longer shying away from outright acquisition , as the recent purchase of the merchant bank Guinness Mahon by the Bank of Yokohama shows .
the japanese are no longer shying away from outright acquisition , as the recent [buy] of the merchant bank guinness mahon by the bank of yokohama shows .

According to Amersham finance director Bill Ellaby , the purchase of Medi-Physics , which has already started to reorganise its business to eliminate losses before completion of the deal , will have a neutral effect on earnings per share at Amersham this year but a positive effect in 1990/1 .
according to amersham finance director bill ellaby , the [buy] of medi-physics , which has already started to reorganise its business to eliminate losses before completion of the deal , will have a neutral effect on earnings per share at amersham this year but a positive effect in 1990/1 .

Acquisitions Geeco and Concept Housewares are being integrated , and Betterware is selling the SABCo factory in East Kilbride for about two-and-a-half times purchase price .
acquisitions geeco and concept housewares are being integrated , and betterware is selling the sabco factory in east kilbride for about two-and-a-half times [buy] price .

’ The loan covered 50 per cent of the purchase price , he said , and the amount outstanding was now ‘ significantly less than 50 per cent ’ .
’ the loan covered 50 per cent of the [buy] price , he said , and the amount outstanding was now ‘ significantly less than 50 per cent ’ .

There was some attempt by friends of Highlander to purchase some of the books etc .
there was some attempt by friends of highlander to [buy] some of the books etc .

It was not until one could purchase ready standardised solutions , made in such bulk that the errors evened out , that the arguments ceased .
it was not until one could [buy] ready standardised solutions , made in such bulk that the errors evened out , that the arguments ceased .

No chemistry department can afford to purchase software without reference to this authoritative guide .
no chemistry department can afford to [buy] software without reference to this authoritative guide .

Everyone who deals in chemical purchasing knows that in many cases , one is forced by prepackaging and stringent sales requirements to purchase substantially more of a given compound than is required .
everyone who deals in chemical purchasing knows that in many cases , one is forced by prepackaging and stringent sales requirements to [buy] substantially more of a given compound than is required .

Arising from the Benevolent Fund Committee , Council agreed that the fund should purchase two sheltered housing nomination rights in Scotland and two in Wales during 1992 .
arising from the benevolent fund committee , council agreed that the fund should [buy] two sheltered housing nomination rights in scotland and two in wales during 1992 .

The porcelain produced at Chelsea was said to compare with Dresden 's fine china and there was always keen competition amongst dealers who waited at the doors to purchase pieces as soon as they emerged from the ovens .
the porcelain produced at chelsea was said to compare with dresden 's fine china and there was always keen competition amongst dealers who waited at the doors to [buy] pieces as soon as they emerged from the ovens .

The Duke of Bedford sent Philip Miller to value the thousands of rare trees and to purchase those he thought suitable for Woburn .
the duke of bedford sent philip miller to value the thousands of rare trees and to [buy] those he thought suitable for woburn .

Colonel John Custis of Williamsburg , a wealthy Virginian planter , was also advised by Collinson to purchase a copy of the Dictionary , a ‘ work of the greatest use ’ and one which ‘ no lover of gardening ought to be without ’ .
colonel john custis of williamsburg , a wealthy virginian planter , was also advised by collinson to [buy] a copy of the dictionary , a ‘ work of the greatest use ’ and one which ‘ no lover of gardening ought to be without ’ .

By 1762 his profitable practice enabled Fothergill to purchase Ham House in Upton with about thirty acres of land and to embark on the creation of an outstanding garden .
by 1762 his profitable practice enabled fothergill to [buy] ham house in upton with about thirty acres of land and to embark on the creation of an outstanding garden .

Land gives power , hence Sher ‘ s identification of the need for credit , mainly to purchase land for the community .
land gives power , hence sher ‘ s identification of the need for credit , mainly to [buy] land for the community .

The problems mostly arose from lack of capital and only in a few cases had any action been taken — two had recently purchased houses in nearby villages for their sons and some had been able to purchase or rent some more land .
the problems mostly arose from lack of capital and only in a few cases had any action been taken — two had recently purchased houses in nearby villages for their sons and some had been able to [buy] or rent some more land .

Every one of the dairy farmers expressed concern in particular those who had purchased a farm in the past two or three years and were dairying in order to repay the purchase loan .
every one of the dairy farmers expressed concern in particular those who had purchased a farm in the past two or three years and were dairying in order to repay the [buy] loan .

The purchase of a tractor was often part-financed by the forest which made use of it for about half the year .
the [buy] of a tractor was often part-financed by the forest which made use of it for about half the year .

The cost and long maturation period of forests has meant that most reafforestation programmes are financed and controlled by governments with compulsory land purchase , or long leasing arrangements with land owners .
the cost and long maturation period of forests has meant that most reafforestation programmes are financed and controlled by governments with compulsory land [buy] , or long leasing arrangements with land owners .

The scheme is designed for the younger ( less than 36 years old ) organic chemist , the funds to be used for the purchase of equipment , books and consumables , technical assistance , professional travel or any other activity directly related to the research being undertaken .
the scheme is designed for the younger ( less than 36 years old ) organic chemist , the funds to be used for the [buy] of equipment , books and consumables , technical assistance , professional travel or any other activity directly related to the research being undertaken .

The Crofting Reform ( Scotland ) Act of 1976 did not go quite as far as this , but it did give the crofters the incontestable right to purchase their house and garden , and the optional ( though not incontestable ) right to purchase their land for 15 times the annual rent .
the crofting reform ( scotland ) act of 1976 did not go quite as far as this , but it did give the crofters the incontestable right to [buy] their house and garden , and the optional ( though not incontestable ) right to [buy] their land for 15 times the annual rent .

So far , however , the crofters in the Western Isles have preferred to purchase only the house sites and pass on their rights to their families , although in other areas where the land is better there has been greater interest in purchasing whole crofts .
so far , however , the crofters in the western isles have preferred to [buy] only the house sites and pass on their rights to their families , although in other areas where the land is better there has been greater interest in purchasing whole crofts .

The manager of the Ljubljana branch of the Belgrade Bank has revealed that he was asked by a high official of the National Bank of Bosnia and Herzegovina to purchase 3 billion dinars of Agrokomerc bills of exchange ( Politika , 27 August 1987 ) .
the manager of the ljubljana branch of the belgrade bank has revealed that he was asked by a high official of the national bank of bosnia and herzegovina to [buy] 3 billion dinars of agrokomerc bills of exchange ( politika , 27 august 1987 ) .

Last month it was announced that the Maktoums are to purchase a property especially for Major Dick Hern , who trains the Derby winner , Nashwan , for Hamdan Al Maktoum .
last month it was announced that the maktoums are to [buy] a property especially for major dick hern , who trains the derby winner , nashwan , for hamdan al maktoum .

Yesterday was the deadline for Bond Corp 's 58 per cent owned subsidiary , Bell Resources , to pay $24m to Corona Corporation , the Canadian gold group , to satisfy an option agreement under which Bell Resources was due to purchase a 7 per cent stake in Bond International Gold from Corona .
yesterday was the deadline for bond corp 's 58 per cent owned subsidiary , bell resources , to pay $24m to corona corporation , the canadian gold group , to satisfy an option agreement under which bell resources was due to [buy] a 7 per cent stake in bond international gold from corona .

The purchase of an interest in either Jaguar or Saab would extend another trend by the two Detroit carmakers which has seen both buy a number of small motor engineering firms in Europe in recent years to acquire technology .
the [buy] of an interest in either jaguar or saab would extend another trend by the two detroit carmakers which has seen both buy a number of small motor engineering firms in europe in recent years to acquire technology .

In a very different , but no less brilliant way the compiler of Genesis gives the Abraham narrative a final twist by following the story of the binding by one concerning Abraham 's purchase of a burial plot .
in a very different , but no less brilliant way the compiler of genesis gives the abraham narrative a final twist by following the story of the binding by one concerning abraham 's [buy] of a burial plot .

The story of the purchase of Sarah 's burial plot is comedy , and comedy frequently takes delight in debunking heroes .
the story of the [buy] of sarah 's burial plot is comedy , and comedy frequently takes delight in debunking heroes .

But the account of the meeting of Esau and Jacob goes deeper than the story of the purchase of Sarah 's burial plot .
but the account of the meeting of esau and jacob goes deeper than the story of the [buy] of sarah 's burial plot .

In 1990 69 % of farmers had made a purchase within seven months of their visit to the Royal , 81 % were likely to make a purchase within 19 months of their visit .
in 1990 69 % of farmers had made a [buy] within seven months of their visit to the royal , 81 % were likely to make a [buy] within 19 months of their visit .

The Chelsea Flower Show is probably not the most obvious place to pick up a bargain — lead lions rampant and Medici urns atop Corinthian columns must cost more than the Governor of the Bank of England earns in a week to transport there , let alone purchase .
the chelsea flower show is probably not the most obvious place to pick up a bargain — lead lions rampant and medici urns atop corinthian columns must cost more than the governor of the bank of england earns in a week to transport there , let alone [buy] .

All entrants will receive a 50p voucher redeemable against any future purchase of Guinness Original , so everyone can enjoy the distinctive and satisfying taste of this special beer .
all entrants will receive a 50p voucher redeemable against any future [buy] of guinness original , so everyone can enjoy the distinctive and satisfying taste of this special beer .

We wholeheartedly condemn the Government 's policy of Non-intervention which has permitted the Fascist countries of Italy and Germany to pour into Spain vast amounts of arms , ammunition , men , whilst it has denied the Spanish Democratic Government the legal right to purchase necessary supplies to defend the State . By its attitude the ‘ National Government ’ has done much to advance the cause of Fascism
we wholeheartedly condemn the government 's policy of non-intervention which has permitted the fascist countries of italy and germany to pour into spain vast amounts of arms , ammunition , men , whilst it has denied the spanish democratic government the legal right to [buy] necessary supplies to defend the state . by its attitude the ‘ national government ’ has done much to advance the cause of fascism

Some designs have distinct advantages and so these should be considered before purchase .
some designs have distinct advantages and so these should be considered before [buy] .

Always compare prices on a like-for like basis when making a purchase .
always compare prices on a like-for like basis when making a [buy] .

You and the Corporation have been telling us to purchase from our new subsidiaries in Taiwan , Korea , Singapore and even from Japan , for God 's sake .
you and the corporation have been telling us to [buy] from our new subsidiaries in taiwan , korea , singapore and even from japan , for god 's sake .

Most access equipment can be hired if outright purchase is not warranted .
most access equipment can be hired if outright [buy] is not warranted .

The purchase of specialist equipment may be uneconomic or insufficiently flexible .
the [buy] of specialist equipment may be uneconomic or insufficiently flexible .

Helene Rogers has documented life there in her latest book — proceeds from which go back to Calcutta to purchase medicine .
helene rogers has documented life there in her latest book — proceeds from which go back to calcutta to [buy] medicine .

However , cropping decisions , the purchase of inputs and marketing are often done by men ( with important exceptions , for example in West Africa ) .
however , cropping decisions , the [buy] of inputs and marketing are often done by men ( with important exceptions , for example in west africa ) .

An example comes from Williams ( 1981 , p.23 ) when he discusses the beneficiaries of a large World Bank project in Nigeria : ‘ these rich beneficiaries are drawn from army officers , government officials , contractors , merchants and members of the office-holding aristocracy , who purchase land in anticipation of benefits from the project and from cheap bank credits ’ .
an example comes from williams ( 1981 , p.23 ) when he discusses the beneficiaries of a large world bank project in nigeria : ‘ these rich beneficiaries are drawn from army officers , government officials , contractors , merchants and members of the office-holding aristocracy , who [buy] land in anticipation of benefits from the project and from cheap bank credits ’ .

In many countries this elite acts as the chief negotiator with transnational companies and therefore its members become beneficiaries from negotiations with logging contractors , purchase of agricultural estates , permission to sell agricultural inputs , purchase of agricultural inputs , and other policy measures .
in many countries this elite acts as the chief negotiator with transnational companies and therefore its members become beneficiaries from negotiations with logging contractors , [buy] of agricultural estates , permission to sell agricultural inputs , [buy] of agricultural inputs , and other policy measures .

First , foreign earnings from copper have been used to purchase shortfalls in indigenous production .
first , foreign earnings from copper have been used to [buy] shortfalls in indigenous production .

If you 've never come across the publication before , it is an essential purchase for any would-be freelance photographer and the well established alike .
if you 've never come across the publication before , it is an essential [buy] for any would-be freelance photographer and the well established alike .

The purchase of its own building and provision of rentable space are just two symptoms of Fitch 's long-term shrewdness , which could see the company thriving as other design consultancies , such as one-time rivals Michael Peters , fall by the wayside .
the [buy] of its own building and provision of rentable space are just two symptoms of fitch 's long-term shrewdness , which could see the company thriving as other design consultancies , such as one-time rivals michael peters , fall by the wayside .

He also suggested special terms for Jewish immigration and land purchase , and told the Jewish Agency that he hoped Syria would later join this ‘ united kingdom ’ .
he also suggested special terms for jewish immigration and land [buy] , and told the jewish agency that he hoped syria would later join this ‘ united kingdom ’ .

The two central characters played by Hopper and Fonda are Wyatt , nicknamed Captain America , and Billy — Billy the Kid — who embark on a drugs deal , selling cocaine in California , to provide the finance to purchase a pair of magnificent Harley Davidsons for a journey across America and to the Mardi Gras at New Orleans .
the two central characters played by hopper and fonda are wyatt , nicknamed captain america , and billy — billy the kid — who embark on a drugs deal , selling cocaine in california , to provide the finance to [buy] a pair of magnificent harley davidsons for a journey across america and to the mardi gras at new orleans .

The total fee of 5,000 is in outright purchase of the copyright of the material .
the total fee of 5,000 is in outright [buy] of the copyright of the material .

The total fee of 5,000 is in outright purchase of the copyright of the material .
the total fee of 5,000 is in outright [buy] of the copyright of the material .

This total fee of £5,000 is in outright purchase of the copyright in the material .
this total fee of £5,000 is in outright [buy] of the copyright in the material .

Purchase of such indulgences can not guarantee citizenly salvation .
[buy] of such indulgences can not guarantee citizenly salvation .

At the same time , however , civil rights of an economic kind have been expanded through legislation such as the right to buy council housing and to purchase shares in privatised industries .
at the same time , however , civil rights of an economic kind have been expanded through legislation such as the right to buy council housing and to [buy] shares in privatised industries .

And there are no estate agents ' fees to pay when you buy , unlike in France , where all fees — from 10 to 25 per cent of the purchase price ( the cheaper the property the higher the fees ) — including four or five per cent for the estate agent , notarial costs , taxes and other liabilities , must be paid by the purchaser .
and there are no estate agents ' fees to pay when you buy , unlike in france , where all fees — from 10 to 25 per cent of the [buy] price ( the cheaper the property the higher the fees ) — including four or five per cent for the estate agent , notarial costs , taxes and other liabilities , must be paid by the purchaser .

But it looked at one stage as if they might lose their first choice and have to stay in Reigate for another summer when negotiations for the purchase coincided with their long-planned holiday of a lifetime — watching last month 's world cup cricket in Australia .
but it looked at one stage as if they might lose their first choice and have to stay in reigate for another summer when negotiations for the [buy] coincided with their long-planned holiday of a lifetime — watching last month 's world cup cricket in australia .

As part of the service , which involves a £250 fee and either one per cent of the purchase price or 15 per cent of any reduction of the asking price he negotiates , they are helped , to analyse their needs , expectations and priorities .
as part of the service , which involves a £250 fee and either one per cent of the [buy] price or 15 per cent of any reduction of the asking price he negotiates , they are helped , to analyse their needs , expectations and priorities .

The club failed to meet a Thursday midnight deadline set by the High Court for payment of £22.8 million to Cabra for the purchase of Stamford Bridge .
the club failed to meet a thursday midnight deadline set by the high court for payment of £22.8 million to cabra for the [buy] of stamford bridge .

There was a rise of £85m in credit card debt in February after a £23m rise in January while the amount oustanding on hire purchase continued to shrink .
there was a rise of £85m in credit card debt in february after a £23m rise in january while the amount oustanding on hire [buy] continued to shrink .

Consumers paid off £308m of hire purchase debt in the three months to February .
consumers paid off £308m of hire [buy] debt in the three months to february .

According to Director Nicholas Ridley : ‘ Our aim is to purchase well let industrial investments , let in unit sizes of 2,500 to 8,000 sq.ft at low base rents , typically £2 to £3 a foot .
according to director nicholas ridley : ‘ our aim is to [buy] well let industrial investments , let in unit sizes of 2,500 to 8,000 sq.ft at low base rents , typically £2 to £3 a foot .

At the year-end , Meggitt still had £22m of spare cash , which will help finance its £30m purchase of Endevco , an American aerospace engineering group that specialises in accelerometers .
at the year-end , meggitt still had £22m of spare cash , which will help finance its £30m [buy] of endevco , an american aerospace engineering group that specialises in accelerometers .

Another early purchase of mine was Beecham 's 78 rpm version of Sibelius 's Sixth Symphony recorded in 1947 .
another early [buy] of mine was beecham 's 78 rpm version of sibelius 's sixth symphony recorded in 1947 .

House purchase is the biggest decision that most people make and the easiest one to postpone .
house [buy] is the biggest decision that most people make and the easiest one to postpone .

As a result , over two-thirds report being able to employ more teachers and purchase more books and equipment .
as a result , over two-thirds report being able to employ more teachers and [buy] more books and equipment .

The profits advance was thanks to strong cash generation , which boosted cash balances over the year by £10m , even after the purchase of Indevo , the Swedish consultancy , for £12m .
the profits advance was thanks to strong cash generation , which boosted cash balances over the year by £10m , even after the [buy] of indevo , the swedish consultancy , for £12m .

The local council also opposes the compulsory purchase order .
the local council also opposes the compulsory [buy] order .

The proposed purchase would involve the Cameron 's brewery , 300-plus pubs and associated assets and brands .
the proposed [buy] would involve the cameron 's brewery , 300-plus pubs and associated assets and brands .

The keychain Powerlock , worth £5 , is being given away free of charge with each purchase of 5m/16ft , 8m/26ft and 10m/33ft Powerlock tapes .
the keychain powerlock , worth £5 , is being given away free of charge with each [buy] of 5m/16ft , 8m/26ft and 10m/33ft powerlock tapes .

As a final bonus , the senders of the first 500 entries received each month will be sent a 50p money-off voucher redeemable against any future purchase of Guinness Original .
as a final bonus , the senders of the first 500 entries received each month will be sent a 50p money-off voucher redeemable against any future [buy] of guinness original .

Where a customer did not wish to purchase his own fleet of wagons , he was usually encouraged to hire or lease from firms such as Procor or Tiphook in preference to using railway-owned vehicles .
where a customer did not wish to [buy] his own fleet of wagons , he was usually encouraged to hire or lease from firms such as procor or tiphook in preference to using railway-owned vehicles .

He gives us a murderer whose ‘ words pattered out like smooth large grains ’ — clear and distinguishable , and yet somehow there is nothing to get a purchase on .
he gives us a murderer whose ‘ words pattered out like smooth large grains ’ — clear and distinguishable , and yet somehow there is nothing to get a [buy] on .

There is a widespread need , too , for part-ownership options for older people who do not have enough capital to make a full purchase .
there is a widespread need , too , for part-ownership options for older people who do not have enough capital to make a full [buy] .

Even where relatives or friends purchase a policy on behalf of an elderly person , the insurance companies reserve the right , for instance , to re-negotiate a policy held through a company when the person reaches retirement age .
even where relatives or friends [buy] a policy on behalf of an elderly person , the insurance companies reserve the right , for instance , to re-negotiate a policy held through a company when the person reaches retirement age .

The purchase is being paid for with £1.1m cash and the balance satisfied by a share issue , which has been underwritten .
the [buy] is being paid for with £1.1m cash and the balance satisfied by a share issue , which has been underwritten .

Even during its last acquisition , which was an agreed £15m purchase of the British mutual insurer London Life , the City was deafened by the sound of falling bodies during the deal .
even during its last acquisition , which was an agreed £15m [buy] of the british mutual insurer london life , the city was deafened by the sound of falling bodies during the deal .

But Cadbury Schweppes , which last month completed the £141m purchase of Crush International from Procter & Gamble , says the brand values being acquired justified the price and it expects to find synergy benefits with its own extensive bottling operations in Spain and Portugal .
but cadbury schweppes , which last month completed the £141m [buy] of crush international from procter & gamble , says the brand values being acquired justified the price and it expects to find synergy benefits with its own extensive bottling operations in spain and portugal .

The Crush purchase boosted Cadbury Schweppes ' soft drinks volumes by 30 per cent to over four billion litres a year , which places it third equal with Dr Pepper-Seven Up behind Coca-Cola 's 46.5 billion litres and Pepsi 's 21.5 billion litres .
the crush [buy] boosted cadbury schweppes ' soft drinks volumes by 30 per cent to over four billion litres a year , which places it third equal with dr pepper-seven up behind coca-cola 's 46.5 billion litres and pepsi 's 21.5 billion litres .

Page 24 and View from City Road , page 27 Gollancz buy : US-based Houghton Mifflin intends to purchase Victor Gollancz , the privately owned London publisher , subject to the approval of shareholders .
page 24 and view from city road , page 27 gollancz buy : us-based houghton mifflin intends to [buy] victor gollancz , the privately owned london publisher , subject to the approval of shareholders .

The latest moves followed the collapse of Prince Charles 's initiative to persuade the Crown Estate to purchase Mar Lodge .
the latest moves followed the collapse of prince charles 's initiative to persuade the crown estate to [buy] mar lodge .

July saw the purchase of Colbrook Equipment , a designer of food display units , for a maximum profits-related payment of £2.16m — less than seven times Colbrook 's pre-tax earnings of £329,000 in 1988 .
july saw the [buy] of colbrook equipment , a designer of food display units , for a maximum profits-related payment of £2.16m — less than seven times colbrook 's pre-tax earnings of £329,000 in 1988 .

Starting next month : Technical software discount purchase scheme . See page 776 for details
starting next month : technical software discount [buy] scheme . see page 776 for details

So from the point of view of the consumer , there are few tests that can be done prior to purchase , to ascertain how well a product will perform when fitted into the car .
so from the point of view of the consumer , there are few tests that can be done prior to [buy] , to ascertain how well a product will perform when fitted into the car .

Arthur Cox 's admiration for John Fashanu is well known , and perhaps it is time for the Maxwell millions to be used to purchase just such a battering Ram .
arthur cox 's admiration for john fashanu is well known , and perhaps it is time for the maxwell millions to be used to [buy] just such a battering ram .

Daedalus is designing a novel house extension , a variable-pressure bedroom , which may purchase an extra few years of life for its proud owners by slowing the metabolic rate of that third of their lifetime which they spend asleep .
daedalus is designing a novel house extension , a variable-pressure bedroom , which may [buy] an extra few years of life for its proud owners by slowing the metabolic rate of that third of their lifetime which they spend asleep .

Vaux , which already receives most of its profit from hotels , yesterday announced the £27.3million purchase of the Gosforth Park Hotel , Newcastle from Mount Charlotte Hotels for shares .
vaux , which already receives most of its profit from hotels , yesterday announced the £27.3million [buy] of the gosforth park hotel , newcastle from mount charlotte hotels for shares .

Stanley Leisure has broken off talks with Leisure Investments — now at the centre of a bid from Bear Brand — over the planned purchase of Aspinall 's Casino in London .
stanley leisure has broken off talks with leisure investments — now at the centre of a bid from bear brand — over the planned [buy] of aspinall 's casino in london .

And for £9.95 you can purchase a Baby Pack — colour co-ordinated in pink or blue to the sex of the recipient — which not only includes a set of brilliant uncirculated 1989 coins but space to record baby 's important details .
and for £9.95 you can [buy] a baby pack — colour co-ordinated in pink or blue to the sex of the recipient — which not only includes a set of brilliant uncirculated 1989 coins but space to record baby 's important details .

The new guarantee , good for the first year after purchase , would entitle consumers to free repairs , a replacement on loan or compensation if the product is not repaired within five days ( three for motor vehicles ) , the choice of a refund or replacement if the fault can not be put right in three attempts , or if the product is under repair for 30 days in any 12-month period .
the new guarantee , good for the first year after [buy] , would entitle consumers to free repairs , a replacement on loan or compensation if the product is not repaired within five days ( three for motor vehicles ) , the choice of a refund or replacement if the fault can not be put right in three attempts , or if the product is under repair for 30 days in any 12-month period .

Last year , for example , it bought Italy 's biggest cable maker Ceat Cavi for £90million and followed that with the purchase of a stake in the Spanish company , Grupo Espagnol General Cables .
last year , for example , it bought italy 's biggest cable maker ceat cavi for £90million and followed that with the [buy] of a stake in the spanish company , grupo espagnol general cables .

Stanley Leisure has broken off talks with Leisure Investments — now at the centre of a bid from Bear Brand — over the planned purchase of Aspinall 's Casino in London .
stanley leisure has broken off talks with leisure investments — now at the centre of a bid from bear brand — over the planned [buy] of aspinall 's casino in london .

And for £9.95 you can purchase a Baby Pack — colour co-ordinated in pink or blue to the sex of the recipient — which not only includes a set of brilliant uncirculated 1989 coins but space to record baby 's important details .
and for £9.95 you can [buy] a baby pack — colour co-ordinated in pink or blue to the sex of the recipient — which not only includes a set of brilliant uncirculated 1989 coins but space to record baby 's important details .

And for £9.95 you can purchase a Baby Pack — colour co-ordinated in pink or blue to the sex of the recipient — which not only includes a set of brilliant uncirculated 1989 coins but space to record baby 's important details .
and for £9.95 you can [buy] a baby pack — colour co-ordinated in pink or blue to the sex of the recipient — which not only includes a set of brilliant uncirculated 1989 coins but space to record baby 's important details .

‘ We are confident that they will prefer our immediate all cash offer to the SeaCo board 's highly conditional alternative to purchase half the shares at some unspecified future date .
‘ we are confident that they will prefer our immediate all cash offer to the seaco board 's highly conditional alternative to [buy] half the shares at some unspecified future date .

There has been a revolution in printing techniques , and stationery with well designed bold letter headings is inexpensive to purchase , gives identity , creates impact , reinforcing the message of quality and care .
there has been a revolution in printing techniques , and stationery with well designed bold letter headings is inexpensive to [buy] , gives identity , creates impact , reinforcing the message of quality and care .

This is an activity that does n't bear repeating often as sponsors sometimes discover that they have pledged themselves to give much more than they had intended and that , unlike the purchase of a raffle ticket or a ticket to a school event , there is no chance of personal gain .
this is an activity that does n't bear repeating often as sponsors sometimes discover that they have pledged themselves to give much more than they had intended and that , unlike the [buy] of a raffle ticket or a ticket to a school event , there is no chance of personal gain .

That evening , just after six , he had delivered some parcels at the Post Office and then dropped into Oliver 's to purchase some cigarettes .
that evening , just after six , he had delivered some parcels at the post office and then dropped into oliver 's to [buy] some cigarettes .

When you purchase a fifty millesimal potency you should receive a bottle of poppy seed sized granules .
when you [buy] a fifty millesimal potency you should receive a bottle of poppy seed sized granules .

To encourage speculators Chéron published a brochure , assuring his would-be customers that by collecting paintings of promising young artists and selling them ten or fifteen years later , they could realize an increase of five to ten times on the purchase price .
to encourage speculators chéron published a brochure , assuring his would-be customers that by collecting paintings of promising young artists and selling them ten or fifteen years later , they could realize an increase of five to ten times on the [buy] price .

‘ Perhaps the purchase of this new plant was prompted by a message down the speaking-tube to the Almighty , ’ Morton quipped .
‘ perhaps the [buy] of this new plant was prompted by a message down the speaking-tube to the almighty , ’ morton quipped .

The resulting poverty of the peasantry , who must find work in two different sectors to survive , limits their spending power and therefore discourages the purchase of consumer goods .
the resulting poverty of the peasantry , who must find work in two different sectors to survive , limits their spending power and therefore discourages the [buy] of consumer goods .

In order to get the best results from the new seeds , technology in the form of machinery , chemical products and fertilisers , was necessary and therefore capital was required to purchase these .
in order to get the best results from the new seeds , technology in the form of machinery , chemical products and fertilisers , was necessary and therefore capital was required to [buy] these .

Buyer and seller strike a bargain with each individual purchase .
buyer and seller strike a bargain with each individual [buy] .

Merchants purchase the materials and prepare the parts ready to be put together as garments , which are either collected by , or delivered to , the outworkers , who sew the pieces together .
merchants [buy] the materials and prepare the parts ready to be put together as garments , which are either collected by , or delivered to , the outworkers , who sew the pieces together .

In a similar position would be a street trader , who regularly deals with a certain wholesaler and who could only gain credit from him by guaranteeing to purchase his goods .
in a similar position would be a street trader , who regularly deals with a certain wholesaler and who could only gain credit from him by guaranteeing to [buy] his goods .

Having failed to get voluntary agreements from all the residents , compulsory purchase orders on the properties were issued , with classic insensitivity , just before Christmas 1988 .
having failed to get voluntary agreements from all the residents , compulsory [buy] orders on the properties were issued , with classic insensitivity , just before christmas 1988 .

Military power requires the capacity to purchase the equipment abroad and usually a measure of industrialization at home .
military power requires the capacity to [buy] the equipment abroad and usually a measure of industrialization at home .

Playing records like that and Scheherazade , another early purchase , John tried to imagine what.could be happening in the ballet .
playing records like that and scheherazade , another early [buy] , john tried to imagine what.could be happening in the ballet .

Hand crossbow , rolling purchase arbalest and Moorish three-pointed dagger ; all used on the crusades and during Barbarossa 's Italian campaigns .
hand crossbow , rolling [buy] arbalest and moorish three-pointed dagger ; all used on the crusades and during barbarossa 's italian campaigns .

In the vocabulary of people in the retail trade , equipment means wallets being emptied into tills , especially if the purchase of that equipment is the only thing that will ensure they will live to come back and buy more .
in the vocabulary of people in the retail trade , equipment means wallets being emptied into tills , especially if the [buy] of that equipment is the only thing that will ensure they will live to come back and buy more .

Determined but polite efforts were made to interest her in the purchase of tomatoes , plums , oranges , artichokes , mussels , scallops , chickens and even a swordfish steak .
determined but polite efforts were made to interest her in the [buy] of tomatoes , plums , oranges , artichokes , mussels , scallops , chickens and even a swordfish steak .

the increasing cost of technology , in terms of development , purchase and service , the training of staff , and its operation ;
the increasing cost of technology , in terms of development , [buy] and service , the training of staff , and its operation ;

However , after completing the purchase , they were horrified to find that the cottage was infested with dry rot — this cost them £5,000 to deal with .
however , after completing the [buy] , they were horrified to find that the cottage was infested with dry rot — this cost them £5,000 to deal with .

At the time of writing the fee for this valuation will vary between £50 and £200 according to the purchase price .
at the time of writing the fee for this valuation will vary between £50 and £200 according to the [buy] price .

So often people will purchase a five-bedroomed house so that when the sons or daughters get married and have children they can all stay at the family residence at weekends and holiday times .
so often people will [buy] a five-bedroomed house so that when the sons or daughters get married and have children they can all stay at the family residence at weekends and holiday times .

This is the initial step in making a plan and ultimately a successful purchase .
this is the initial step in making a plan and ultimately a successful [buy] .

The agreed purchase price
the agreed [buy] price

Unless your own house has been sold , or there is sufficient spare cash to buy a second , do not purchase by this method .
unless your own house has been sold , or there is sufficient spare cash to buy a second , do not [buy] by this method .

Sometimes an impulse purchase .
sometimes an impulse [buy] .

Purchase copy of The Modern Book of Babies ' Names , by Hilary Spence .
[buy] copy of the modern book of babies ' names , by hilary spence .

If your offer is acceptable then you proceed by applying for a mortgage and informing your appointed solicitor or conveyancing agent of the details of the purchase , so that he or she can then make formal overtures to the vendor 's solicitors .
if your offer is acceptable then you proceed by applying for a mortgage and informing your appointed solicitor or conveyancing agent of the details of the [buy] , so that he or she can then make formal overtures to the vendor 's solicitors .

The percentage of the purchase price that is advanced will depend upon the age of the property .
the percentage of the [buy] price that is advanced will depend upon the age of the property .

Most organisations do not lend 100 per cent of the purchase price on old properties .
most organisations do not lend 100 per cent of the [buy] price on old properties .

If the building society or bank has agreed to lend you 90 per cent of the purchase price and the surveyor says that the property is worth every bit of the asking price , then you just might go back to the society and ask for 100 per cent , based on the glowing survey report in your hand .
if the building society or bank has agreed to lend you 90 per cent of the [buy] price and the surveyor says that the property is worth every bit of the asking price , then you just might go back to the society and ask for 100 per cent , based on the glowing survey report in your hand .

Do make sure that any monies paid for fixtures and fittings are excluded from the registered purchase price otherwise you will pay stamp duty on them .
do make sure that any monies paid for fixtures and fittings are excluded from the registered [buy] price otherwise you will pay stamp duty on them .

This varies according to the purchase price , but is an average of about £20 for a modest property .
this varies according to the [buy] price , but is an average of about £20 for a modest property .

This is only applicable if you are selling a property and is usually between one and two per cent of the purchase price .
this is only applicable if you are selling a property and is usually between one and two per cent of the [buy] price .

The qualifying limit for house purchase loans and for loans to persons aged 65 and over to purchase life annuities secured on their main residence is £30,000 .
the qualifying limit for house [buy] loans and for loans to persons aged 65 and over to [buy] life annuities secured on their main residence is £30,000 .

Many people use this form of assurance as a method of financing a house purchase , in other words a building society will accept the policy as a guarantee of repayment of the capital sum at the end of the term , meanwhile you pay interest payments each month to the building society .
many people use this form of assurance as a method of financing a house [buy] , in other words a building society will accept the policy as a guarantee of repayment of the capital sum at the end of the term , meanwhile you pay interest payments each month to the building society .

But the boy was too quick , too sweat-wet slippery he could not gain a purchase : use his weight .
but the boy was too quick , too sweat-wet slippery he could not gain a [buy] : use his weight .

Indecency is a singularly inappropriate test for regulating dramatic depictions of intimacy , particularly where the audience has expressed a conscious choice to view the performance through the purchase of tickets .
indecency is a singularly inappropriate test for regulating dramatic depictions of intimacy , particularly where the audience has expressed a conscious choice to view the performance through the [buy] of tickets .

In Britain , condoms are available over the counter and from slot machines , so that anyone wishing to purchase them can do so .
in britain , condoms are available over the counter and from slot machines , so that anyone wishing to [buy] them can do so .

There is the opportunity to have a look at a slide show and purchase promotional gifts .
there is the opportunity to have a look at a slide show and [buy] promotional gifts .

details of financial commitments , including loans , overdrafts , leasing , hire purchase ;
details of financial commitments , including loans , overdrafts , leasing , hire [buy] ;

In fact they positively loved the types of food included in the diet , particularly the freedom of choice , not having to count calories or units plus the fact that none of the food was expensive or difficult to purchase .
in fact they positively loved the types of food included in the diet , particularly the freedom of choice , not having to count calories or units plus the fact that none of the food was expensive or difficult to [buy] .

Given the task of reviving urban policy at low cost , Kemp is considering such Thatcherite innovations as housing vouchers , tenant management and tenant purchase of public housing .
given the task of reviving urban policy at low cost , kemp is considering such thatcherite innovations as housing vouchers , tenant management and tenant [buy] of public housing .

They are able to acquire land by compulsory purchase , by voluntary agreement or by the Secretary of State vesting it in them .
they are able to acquire land by compulsory [buy] , by voluntary agreement or by the secretary of state vesting it in them .

The bulk of government investment was made to facilitate property purchase , considered by the programme implementers as the most effective way to stabilise the area .
the bulk of government investment was made to facilitate property [buy] , considered by the programme implementers as the most effective way to stabilise the area .

By 1761 the artillery consisted of 31 field companies , totalling 3200 officers and men ; the former , unlike their infantry and cavalry colleagues , did not have to purchase their commissions but were appointed and promoted solely on merit , and the British artillery was soon recognised as the best in the world .
by 1761 the artillery consisted of 31 field companies , totalling 3200 officers and men ; the former , unlike their infantry and cavalry colleagues , did not have to [buy] their commissions but were appointed and promoted solely on merit , and the british artillery was soon recognised as the best in the world .

No purchase necessary for entry .
no [buy] necessary for entry .

Discounts : Discounts are available based on volume orders or blanket purchase agreements .
discounts : discounts are available based on volume orders or blanket [buy] agreements .

We will have sufficient to purchase a new car by our fifth anniversary .
we will have sufficient to [buy] a new car by our fifth anniversary .

Will this purchase help us towards our goal ?
will this [buy] help us towards our goal ?

We have to remember that every time we make a purchase , we are converting our assets , which are very compact , and have the ability to maintain us through the interest they accrue , into bulky or fragile items which require maintenance , space and insurance .
we have to remember that every time we make a [buy] , we are converting our assets , which are very compact , and have the ability to maintain us through the interest they accrue , into bulky or fragile items which require maintenance , space and insurance .

There are times when we need to ask ourselves if our use would actually justify a purchase , or might it be better to rent it ?
there are times when we need to ask ourselves if our use would actually justify a [buy] , or might it be better to rent it ?

Many recreation items such as caravans and boats that are on hire purchase are used so seldom they could be rented over the course of the hire purchase scheme and with enough cash left over to buy the item new if we still wanted one .
many recreation items such as caravans and boats that are on hire [buy] are used so seldom they could be rented over the course of the hire [buy] scheme and with enough cash left over to buy the item new if we still wanted one .

Is there some way to receive counsel about this purchase ? For example , if you are not mechanically inclined it makes sense to obtain the counsel of someone who is before buying a car .
is there some way to receive counsel about this [buy] ? for example , if you are not mechanically inclined it makes sense to obtain the counsel of someone who is before buying a car .

Cars seem to be the most difficult thing to purchase on a cash basis .
cars seem to be the most difficult thing to [buy] on a cash basis .

Frederick insisted that Polish nobles must either live on their estates in Prussia or sell up their holdings , and to this end he allocated state funds to purchase any Polish lands that came available .
frederick insisted that polish nobles must either live on their estates in prussia or sell up their holdings , and to this end he allocated state funds to [buy] any polish lands that came available .

In Pomerania the general impoverishment and the already poor Pomeranian soil meant that very few peasants could gather together enough money to buy their own farm equipment — a necessary prerequisite for purchase of their land from the estate — nor could they ever manage to garner a purchase price that was often the equivalent of over 25 years ' rent .
in pomerania the general impoverishment and the already poor pomeranian soil meant that very few peasants could gather together enough money to buy their own farm equipment — a necessary prerequisite for [buy] of their land from the estate — nor could they ever manage to garner a [buy] price that was often the equivalent of over 25 years ' rent .

Inevitably , government help undermined the bank 's ability to do the job for which it had been established , and in 1897 the Poles opened the new Land Purchase Bank .
inevitably , government help undermined the bank 's ability to do the job for which it had been established , and in 1897 the poles opened the new land [buy] bank .

In the years 1880–1913 the number of land purchasing agencies and co-operatives associated with the Land Purchase Bank was to rise from about 120 to nearly 300 .
in the years 1880–1913 the number of land purchasing agencies and co-operatives associated with the land [buy] bank was to rise from about 120 to nearly 300 .

The crucial difference between the Germans and the Poles who profited from the efforts of the Colonisation Commission and the Polish banks through the sale and resale of farms and estates was that , while the Germans would eventually sell up for good and move away westwards to retire on money invested in Germany 's growing industrial enterprises , the Poles would stay put , use their money to consolidate their farms and purchases , and deposit their savings in the Land Purchase Bank .
the crucial difference between the germans and the poles who profited from the efforts of the colonisation commission and the polish banks through the sale and resale of farms and estates was that , while the germans would eventually sell up for good and move away westwards to retire on money invested in germany 's growing industrial enterprises , the poles would stay put , use their money to consolidate their farms and purchases , and deposit their savings in the land [buy] bank .

The Commission found that it could no longer find any Poles or Kaszubians who were willing to sell their land , and so began to turn to the purchase and resale of Junker estates .
the commission found that it could no longer find any poles or kaszubians who were willing to sell their land , and so began to turn to the [buy] and resale of junker estates .

( Speech advocating the purchase of an Italian painting at a General Meeting of the Senior Common Room )
( speech advocating the [buy] of an italian painting at a general meeting of the senior common room )

To purchase , in this age of jet ,
to [buy] , in this age of jet ,

In 1987 the Foundation helped fund the purchase of a new concert grant piano .
in 1987 the foundation helped fund the [buy] of a new concert grant piano .

Over the years since it was set up in 1982 , the Foundation has provided funds for the purchase of teaching equipment , the development of Library services , the restoration of much-loved features of the University gardens , a scholarship for under-privileged students from overseas , the publication of monographs , and improvements to sports facilities .
over the years since it was set up in 1982 , the foundation has provided funds for the [buy] of teaching equipment , the development of library services , the restoration of much-loved features of the university gardens , a scholarship for under-privileged students from overseas , the publication of monographs , and improvements to sports facilities .

In truth , the task was less daunting than it could have been , partly because a considerable number of our sportspersons did not ( Gasp ! ) regularly purchase the magazine and were therefore unlikely to spot the odd line which might interest m'learned friends .
in truth , the task was less daunting than it could have been , partly because a considerable number of our sportspersons did not ( gasp ! ) regularly [buy] the magazine and were therefore unlikely to spot the odd line which might interest m'learned friends .

Although the development officers ’ budget was almost entirely used for the payment of support workers it could also be used for the purchase of goods ( for example a single bed for a client coming out of hospital ) but not for the purchase of other services .
although the development officers ’ budget was almost entirely used for the payment of support workers it could also be used for the [buy] of goods ( for example a single bed for a client coming out of hospital ) but not for the [buy] of other services .

Richard Roberts seized the opportunity to contract with landowners for the purchase of their wood and furze crop , which he sold at a handsome profit to the tinners .
richard roberts seized the opportunity to contract with landowners for the [buy] of their wood and furze crop , which he sold at a handsome profit to the tinners .

The ‘ Jowters ’ , too , would purchase some to sell them around in the country districts .
the ‘ jowters ’ , too , would [buy] some to sell them around in the country districts .

The trial offer was to be followed by interest-free credit , if a purchase was subsequently made .
the trial offer was to be followed by interest-free credit , if a [buy] was subsequently made .

There are other barriers to be overcome , however , in terms of the purchase and accessibility of certain products .
there are other barriers to be overcome , however , in terms of the [buy] and accessibility of certain products .

Yet , in this context , Professor Heinz Woolf of Brunel University has frequently discussed the use of what he would prefer to call ‘ tools for living ’ rather than ‘ aids for the handicapped ’ , on the basis that customers should be able to purchase these items without having a disabled label attached to themselves .
yet , in this context , professor heinz woolf of brunel university has frequently discussed the use of what he would prefer to call ‘ tools for living ’ rather than ‘ aids for the handicapped ’ , on the basis that customers should be able to [buy] these items without having a disabled label attached to themselves .

For their part , consumes should take reasonable care when making purchases ; where there is small print it should be read carefully or , if it seems complex and the purchase involves a large sum of money , professional advice may be required .
for their part , consumes should take reasonable care when making purchases ; where there is small print it should be read carefully or , if it seems complex and the [buy] involves a large sum of money , professional advice may be required .

Visitors will be able to see , sample and purchase many of the products on show , including cheeses , dairy produce , vegetables , pates and smoked fish , bread , preserves , honey , mushrooms , wine , beer and cider .
visitors will be able to see , sample and [buy] many of the products on show , including cheeses , dairy produce , vegetables , pates and smoked fish , bread , preserves , honey , mushrooms , wine , beer and cider .

Nearly all authorities — even the most decentralized — reserve some money under central control to purchase material which the zones do not want , or can not afford , or simply as a fund to cover emergencies .
nearly all authorities — even the most decentralized — reserve some money under central control to [buy] material which the zones do not want , or can not afford , or simply as a fund to cover emergencies .

An allocation is usually set aside to cover the purchase of readers ' requests ( for older material ) .
an allocation is usually set aside to cover the [buy] of readers ' requests ( for older material ) .

In this case the librarian may choose to purchase or borrow through the interlending system , depending upon the work 's quality and the likelihood of its being requested and/or used again .
in this case the librarian may choose to [buy] or borrow through the interlending system , depending upon the work 's quality and the likelihood of its being requested and/or used again .

At this stage the selector should note down as much information as possible against each title , including the reason it was marked as a possible purchase — because recommended in a select bibliography , for instance , or as a replacement for a much-used copy on the shelves — and perhaps some form of starring system to identify titles thought to be outstanding of their kind .
at this stage the selector should note down as much information as possible against each title , including the reason it was marked as a possible [buy] — because recommended in a select bibliography , for instance , or as a replacement for a much-used copy on the shelves — and perhaps some form of starring system to identify titles thought to be outstanding of their kind .

Also , decisions on the purchase of multiple copies are rarely required in the case of research material .
also , decisions on the [buy] of multiple copies are rarely required in the case of research material .

Some studies have been made on the timing of decisions to relegate material to remote storage in universities ( see Chapter 11 ) and on the relation between purchase and borrowing through interloans schemes ( see Chapter 13 ) .
some studies have been made on the timing of decisions to relegate material to remote storage in universities ( see chapter 11 ) and on the relation between [buy] and borrowing through interloans schemes ( see chapter 13 ) .

Publishers ' casings are not designed for library use , and if subjected to a heavy rate of issues they may become damaged within a year or two of purchase .
publishers ' casings are not designed for library use , and if subjected to a heavy rate of issues they may become damaged within a year or two of [buy] .

These duties are listed as : the preparation of desiderata lists ; the selection and purchase of books within broad terms of reference ; allocation of books between libraries ; classification and cataloguing of all books and materials ; revision of stock ; screening of withdrawn books ; screening of books for rebinding ; maintenance of central reserve stocks ; bibliographical work , including compilation of special lists and indexes ; the bibliographical aspects of inter-library loans and regional loans and of readers ' requests and reservations ; readers ' advisory and information service .
these duties are listed as : the preparation of desiderata lists ; the selection and [buy] of books within broad terms of reference ; allocation of books between libraries ; classification and cataloguing of all books and materials ; revision of stock ; screening of withdrawn books ; screening of books for rebinding ; maintenance of central reserve stocks ; bibliographical work , including compilation of special lists and indexes ; the bibliographical aspects of inter-library loans and regional loans and of readers ' requests and reservations ; readers ' advisory and information service .

All three writers are at pains to stress the unquantifiable advantages of purchase as against borrowing .
all three writers are at pains to stress the unquantifiable advantages of [buy] as against borrowing .

In particular , purchase allows the possibility ( which borrowing rules out ) of in-house use of materials , which may be quite heavy ( although Brown also comments that in some university libraries 70 % of the stock has remained unused over a three-year period ) .
in particular , [buy] allows the possibility ( which borrowing rules out ) of in-house use of materials , which may be quite heavy ( although brown also comments that in some university libraries 70 % of the stock has remained unused over a three-year period ) .

However , booksellers may offer discounts at their own discretion on the sale of multiple copies , the idea being to enable educational authorities to purchase competitively quantities of copies , in supplying which the bookseller does not incur his usual overhead costs because of the volume of the business .
however , booksellers may offer discounts at their own discretion on the sale of multiple copies , the idea being to enable educational authorities to [buy] competitively quantities of copies , in supplying which the bookseller does not incur his usual overhead costs because of the volume of the business .

National Park Authorities should be given last resort compulsory purchase powers ( on a similar basis to Section 29 Orders ) to be used where voluntary agreements fail .
national park authorities should be given last resort compulsory [buy] powers ( on a similar basis to section 29 orders ) to be used where voluntary agreements fail .

Hire purchase indeed soon began to figure in the minds of bureau workers as the Wicked Fairy , as well as the Fairy Godmother , in the house .
hire [buy] indeed soon began to figure in the minds of bureau workers as the wicked fairy , as well as the fairy godmother , in the house .

First their report was published as a booklet , ‘ Hire purchase and Credit Buying ’ , which gave factual information about the various methods and the legislation controlling them , their advantages and disadvantages and the dangers they hold for thoughtless or inexperienced people ; and also a leaflet setting out some of the points to be taken into account when undertaking hire purchase .
first their report was published as a booklet , ‘ hire [buy] and credit buying ’ , which gave factual information about the various methods and the legislation controlling them , their advantages and disadvantages and the dangers they hold for thoughtless or inexperienced people ; and also a leaflet setting out some of the points to be taken into account when undertaking hire [buy] .

The purchase of twenty-four toastrack trams beginning in 1911 , and the introduction of a Circular Tour using the Marton route , was a response to the increasingly popular char-a-banc trips .
the [buy] of twenty-four toastrack trams beginning in 1911 , and the introduction of a circular tour using the marton route , was a response to the increasingly popular char-a-banc trips .

Their purchase of an old desk provides Tom with a clue to the mystery surrounding Raybrick 's savings .
their [buy] of an old desk provides tom with a clue to the mystery surrounding raybrick 's savings .

Your employer might be willing to purchase an annuity for you to make a one-off lump sum in commutation of your pension rights .
your employer might be willing to [buy] an annuity for you to make a one-off lump sum in commutation of your pension rights .

The main environmental factors were taken to be the effect of market forces on such things as staff recruitment , purchase of materials , and course demand , etc , constrained by the long-term contractual obligations to existing teaching and non-teaching staff .
the main environmental factors were taken to be the effect of market forces on such things as staff recruitment , [buy] of materials , and course demand , etc , constrained by the long-term contractual obligations to existing teaching and non-teaching staff .

Who is responsible for purchase of equipment , etc ?
who is responsible for [buy] of equipment , etc ?

Control purchase
control [buy]

Secondly , there is a risk that higher prices charged by monopoly suppliers will result in DHAs being able to purchase a lower volume of services than provided at present .
secondly , there is a risk that higher prices charged by monopoly suppliers will result in dhas being able to [buy] a lower volume of services than provided at present .

The White Paper Working for patients brings with it a whole new world of purchase and supply , with business skills at a premium .
the white paper working for patients brings with it a whole new world of [buy] and supply , with business skills at a premium .

It is likely too that the provision for value had originally been framed in relation to purchase for value , for otherwise there is no good reason why Ulpian should be concerned with fitting other legal relationships into the same pattern as sale .
it is likely too that the provision for value had originally been framed in relation to [buy] for value , for otherwise there is no good reason why ulpian should be concerned with fitting other legal relationships into the same pattern as sale .

One market research survey into the purchase of a particular brand of ready-mix pudding named the article and asked housewives how often they bought it .
one market research survey into the [buy] of a particular brand of ready-mix pudding named the article and asked housewives how often they bought it .

The sales assistant serves you personally — she selects the goods you ask for , takes your money , gives you your change , wraps up your purchase and may even pack the goods into your shopping bag .
the sales assistant serves you personally — she selects the goods you ask for , takes your money , gives you your change , wraps up your [buy] and may even pack the goods into your shopping bag .

Customers can purchase a wide range of goods under one roof — an advantage for families , in particular
customers can [buy] a wide range of goods under one roof — an advantage for families , in particular

Ring up the amount , as for a cash purchase , but press the appropriate button to record that it is a cheque transaction .
ring up the amount , as for a cash [buy] , but press the appropriate button to record that it is a cheque transaction .

You should fill in : 1 Date of purchase 2 Your own sales number and initials 3 Description of goods 4 Quantity of goods 5 Cost per item ( unit cost ) 6 Total cost 7 Authorization code 8 Whether the goods are to be taken away or delivered You should also check the details on the card : 1 The expiry date 2 The signature ( make sure that it matches the one on the voucher ) 3 The strip on which the customer 's name is written ( make sure it has n't been tampered with ) When you have filled in the information , the customer signs the form .
you should fill in : 1 date of [buy] 2 your own sales number and initials 3 description of goods 4 quantity of goods 5 cost per item ( unit cost ) 6 total cost 7 authorization code 8 whether the goods are to be taken away or delivered you should also check the details on the card : 1 the expiry date 2 the signature ( make sure that it matches the one on the voucher ) 3 the strip on which the customer 's name is written ( make sure it has n't been tampered with ) when you have filled in the information , the customer signs the form .

You 'll have to do the talking to find out what he wants and lead him to make a purchase .
you 'll have to do the talking to find out what he wants and lead him to make a [buy] .

Tell the customer the total cost of the purchase and ask method of payment she will use ‘ How would you like to pay for the saucepans ? ’
tell the customer the total cost of the [buy] and ask method of payment she will use ‘ how would you like to pay for the saucepans ? ’

It means a purchase that has n't been planned in advance .
it means a [buy] that has n't been planned in advance .

Self-selection enables the customer to inspect goods without pressure , and this often results in an impulse purchase .
self-selection enables the customer to inspect goods without pressure , and this often results in an impulse [buy] .

asking for a receipt or other proof of purchase
asking for a receipt or other proof of [buy]

You fill in the petty cash book with details of the purchase .
you fill in the petty cash book with details of the [buy] .

Around the turn of the century men from Potterspury formed a club with a view to purchase a horse and brake to convey them to and from Wolverton .
around the turn of the century men from potterspury formed a club with a view to [buy] a horse and brake to convey them to and from wolverton .

On arrival outside the Works , the men could either go in the Mess Room and collect hot water to brew themselves a drink , purchase one from the attendant , or buy hot coffee and rum , from a horse drawn stall outside the main gate .
on arrival outside the works , the men could either go in the mess room and collect hot water to brew themselves a drink , [buy] one from the attendant , or buy hot coffee and rum , from a horse drawn stall outside the main gate .

He was an astute purchase , for he came to us as a proven goalscorer and immediately lived up to his reputation by netting upon his debut against Millwall here at Selhurst Park ( 5–0 ) and going on to hit 19 League goals from 27 outings for us in the remainder of that season .
he was an astute [buy] , for he came to us as a proven goalscorer and immediately lived up to his reputation by netting upon his debut against millwall here at selhurst park ( 5–0 ) and going on to hit 19 league goals from 27 outings for us in the remainder of that season .

It is possible to purchase greatly discounted tickets for Magee Music events in this way .
it is possible to [buy] greatly discounted tickets for magee music events in this way .

The grant can be used to purchase any items other than stock or materials .
the grant can be used to [buy] any items other than stock or materials .

and purchase fine merchandise ,
and [buy] fine merchandise ,

Building societies and banks , hire purchase companies and finance houses , credit and store card organisations all vie with one another to make money available .
building societies and banks , hire [buy] companies and finance houses , credit and store card organisations all vie with one another to make money available .

Your pension fund will be used to purchase a pension income for the whole of your retirement .
your pension fund will be used to [buy] a pension income for the whole of your retirement .

Mrs Vial was given a grant of ten guineas to purchase mourning dress , and was made , for a very short time only , a grant of 60 guineas per annum .
mrs vial was given a grant of ten guineas to [buy] mourning dress , and was made , for a very short time only , a grant of 60 guineas per annum .

He notes that : ‘ the Institution was built in a Quadrangle Form , having now in the centre a large lawn or grass plot surrounded by posts and chains , and that between the Buildings and these a broad Pathway had been left , partly paved with stones … used chiefly for testing the freedom from lameness of Horses sent for examination prior to purchase ; as well as for ascertaining the progress of those under treatment in the Infirmary for lameness arising from various causes .
he notes that : ‘ the institution was built in a quadrangle form , having now in the centre a large lawn or grass plot surrounded by posts and chains , and that between the buildings and these a broad pathway had been left , partly paved with stones … used chiefly for testing the freedom from lameness of horses sent for examination prior to [buy] ; as well as for ascertaining the progress of those under treatment in the infirmary for lameness arising from various causes .

We now walk along a covered way called the Ride , designed for exercising Infirmary Patients , and also for testing for freedom from disease or otherwise of the Respiratory Organs of horses prior to purchase .
we now walk along a covered way called the ride , designed for exercising infirmary patients , and also for testing for freedom from disease or otherwise of the respiratory organs of horses prior to [buy] .

Although some practitioners advocated the purchase of a farm , where students could learn about the practicalities of management and disease , nothing came of it .
although some practitioners advocated the [buy] of a farm , where students could learn about the practicalities of management and disease , nothing came of it .

The support and guidance of ‘ real ’ employers on the boards of mini enterprise schemes can be helpful ; the advice of professionals about equipment purchase , attendance-pattern of trainees , syllabus choice or , even , staff recruitment can all be derived from an active and effective pattern of Governors ' Advisory Committees ; industrial or commercial figures on governing bodies can give a helpful perspective ; one-off lectures or presentations on an aspect of the business world can enhance a course — but all these examples depend for their success on agreed objectives .
the support and guidance of ‘ real ’ employers on the boards of mini enterprise schemes can be helpful ; the advice of professionals about equipment [buy] , attendance-pattern of trainees , syllabus choice or , even , staff recruitment can all be derived from an active and effective pattern of governors ' advisory committees ; industrial or commercial figures on governing bodies can give a helpful perspective ; one-off lectures or presentations on an aspect of the business world can enhance a course — but all these examples depend for their success on agreed objectives .

As control methods they have the advantage of low capital outlay , although there is the ongoing need to purchase the masking and counteracting agent , as and when necessary , and case of application , being particularly valuable where other methods can not be applied .
as control methods they have the advantage of low capital outlay , although there is the ongoing need to [buy] the masking and counteracting agent , as and when necessary , and case of application , being particularly valuable where other methods can not be applied .

People tend to invest more time deciding on a house purchase or what car to buy than deciding what to do with their lives and how to develop themselves .
people tend to invest more time deciding on a house [buy] or what car to buy than deciding what to do with their lives and how to develop themselves .

Most heads could identify changes that had led to a more balanced or improved curriculum , either as a result of the purchase of additional facilities or due to a change in curriculum planning .
most heads could identify changes that had led to a more balanced or improved curriculum , either as a result of the [buy] of additional facilities or due to a change in curriculum planning .

The Commission 's proposed interim measures took the form of requiring bidders not to purchase jointly or separately further shares in Irish Distillers unless the purchase was conditional on a favourable Commission decision under Article 85 ; the bidders were also required to refrain from exercising the votes attached to the shares already acquired .
the commission 's proposed interim measures took the form of requiring bidders not to [buy] jointly or separately further shares in irish distillers unless the [buy] was conditional on a favourable commission decision under article 85 ; the bidders were also required to refrain from exercising the votes attached to the shares already acquired .

the Commission proposing an amendment to the Second Company Directive to extend the restrictions contained in the Directive , on the purchase of a company 's own shares by the company or by persons acting on its own behalf , to a subsidiary of the company in question ; and
the commission proposing an amendment to the second company directive to extend the restrictions contained in the directive , on the [buy] of a company 's own shares by the company or by persons acting on its own behalf , to a subsidiary of the company in question ; and

Growth by acquisition may take many forms : the purchase of a publicly held company 's shares by a recommended offer or by contested takeover bid , or the acquisition of shares or business assets by private agreement ( in either case for cash or by way of share exchange ) ; merger through the medium of a holding company which acquires the merging companies or their assets ; and , in France and certain other member states , merger by ‘ fusion ’ whereby a company loses its identity and is absorbed , with its assets and liabilities , into the new concern .
growth by acquisition may take many forms : the [buy] of a publicly held company 's shares by a recommended offer or by contested takeover bid , or the acquisition of shares or business assets by private agreement ( in either case for cash or by way of share exchange ) ; merger through the medium of a holding company which acquires the merging companies or their assets ; and , in france and certain other member states , merger by ‘ fusion ’ whereby a company loses its identity and is absorbed , with its assets and liabilities , into the new concern .

In the Promodes/DIRSA case concerning a merger between two supermarket chains , the Commission took the view that the relevant geographic market was local , primarily because there was insufficient evidence of the substitutability of demands , in that consumers would not travel long distances to purchase their weekly shopping .
in the promodes/dirsa case concerning a merger between two supermarket chains , the commission took the view that the relevant geographic market was local , primarily because there was insufficient evidence of the substitutability of demands , in that consumers would not travel long distances to [buy] their weekly shopping .

He will probably show a few signs of wear and tear , but as long as your vet recommends purchase he could be a good buy .
he will probably show a few signs of wear and tear , but as long as your vet recommends [buy] he could be a good buy .

We will be pleased to purchase tickets for other Festival events on behalf of our clients .
we will be pleased to [buy] tickets for other festival events on behalf of our clients .

The painter told a young man joining the navy , ‘ Never purchase any enjoyment if it can not be purchased without borrowing of others .
the painter told a young man joining the navy , ‘ never [buy] any enjoyment if it can not be purchased without borrowing of others .

Britain 's first hire purchase ?
britain 's first hire [buy] ?

In 1845 the first ‘ permanent ’ society was established which accepted investments and made loans for house purchase on a continuing basis .
in 1845 the first ‘ permanent ’ society was established which accepted investments and made loans for house [buy] on a continuing basis .

There was no lack of commercial money-lenders , who combined into bodies like the Finance Houses Association , the Consumer Credit Association , the Institute of Credit Management , to satisfy the growing urge to borrow and purchase goods and services on a credit basis .
there was no lack of commercial money-lenders , who combined into bodies like the finance houses association , the consumer credit association , the institute of credit management , to satisfy the growing urge to borrow and [buy] goods and services on a credit basis .

Marks & Spencer Financial Services offered Personal Loans ‘ to help you spread the cost of almost any major purchase … and because it 's an unsecured loan , you wo n't be asked to offer your home as security .
marks & spencer financial services offered personal loans ‘ to help you spread the cost of almost any major [buy] … and because it 's an unsecured loan , you wo n't be asked to offer your home as security .

It might be in order to lend three times the income of an applicant whose wife was also working , there were no children , a significant salary increase was likely and he had no outstanding hire purchase commitments , but not in less favourable circumstances .
it might be in order to lend three times the income of an applicant whose wife was also working , there were no children , a significant salary increase was likely and he had no outstanding hire [buy] commitments , but not in less favourable circumstances .

The Association reckoned that in 1986 one third of first-time buyers received an advance for 100 per cent of the purchase price of their houses .
the association reckoned that in 1986 one third of first-time buyers received an advance for 100 per cent of the [buy] price of their houses .

Landlords and mortgage lenders can threaten to repossess the debtor 's home ; the gas and electricity boards can threaten to disconnect the supply ; non-payment of the rates can lead to imprisonment ; hire purchase companies can repossess the goods .
landlords and mortgage lenders can threaten to repossess the debtor 's home ; the gas and electricity boards can threaten to disconnect the supply ; non-payment of the rates can lead to imprisonment ; hire [buy] companies can repossess the goods .

In 1850 a local man , returning from Mayday festivities in Otley , suggested the village might follow their lead and he gave £5 towards the purchase of a pole , which was duly erected .
in 1850 a local man , returning from mayday festivities in otley , suggested the village might follow their lead and he gave £5 towards the [buy] of a pole , which was duly erected .

They offer free professional advice on jewellery repairs , all of which are undertaken by highly skilled goldsmiths , and as Registered Valuers , approved by the National Association of Goldsmiths they offer detailed , accurate valuations , and advice on the purchase of jewellery .
they offer free professional advice on jewellery repairs , all of which are undertaken by highly skilled goldsmiths , and as registered valuers , approved by the national association of goldsmiths they offer detailed , accurate valuations , and advice on the [buy] of jewellery .

All branches of Beaverbrooks also offer an earpiercing service using the Inverness System , a healthy authority approved and recognised method with a discount of 10 per cent on your first purchase of gold earrings .
all branches of beaverbrooks also offer an earpiercing service using the inverness system , a healthy authority approved and recognised method with a discount of 10 per cent on your first [buy] of gold earrings .

When you buy your wedding ring you will received a 10 per cent discount on your next purchase , such as bridesmaids ' and best man presents .
when you buy your wedding ring you will received a 10 per cent discount on your next [buy] , such as bridesmaids ' and best man presents .

The student 's grant includes £165 for the purchase of course books .
the student 's grant includes £165 for the [buy] of course books .

The new funds will be used to improve transport , including the purchase of two more aircraft and a small trawler and building a hard runway at the British Rothera base on the Graham Land Peninsula .
the new funds will be used to improve transport , including the [buy] of two more aircraft and a small trawler and building a hard runway at the british rothera base on the graham land peninsula .

Still , few other fields are gifted with even this much purchase upon the elusive ideal of inter-personal truth .
still , few other fields are gifted with even this much [buy] upon the elusive ideal of inter-personal truth .

Public protest has eroded the market for seal products , said company spokesman Bernhard Nygaard , and ‘ we can not purchase things we can not sell ’ .
public protest has eroded the market for seal products , said company spokesman bernhard nygaard , and ‘ we can not [buy] things we can not sell ’ .

To activate the system , the shopkeeper passes the card through a magnetic-strip reader in the terminal , enters the cost of the purchase , and the customer punches out a personal code on a detachable keypad .
to activate the system , the shopkeeper passes the card through a magnetic-strip reader in the terminal , enters the cost of the [buy] , and the customer punches out a personal code on a detachable keypad .

The purchase , in large numbers , of these items by the development team gained for them quite an athletic reputation among the chemist shop assistants in the locality .
the [buy] , in large numbers , of these items by the development team gained for them quite an athletic reputation among the chemist shop assistants in the locality .

Yet again the official syllabus and scheme of work may recommend the purchase and use of local materials gathered from the local environment when official administrative regulations preclude the headmaster from purchasing these and fail to provide him with any facilities for storing them once he has obtained them .
yet again the official syllabus and scheme of work may recommend the [buy] and use of local materials gathered from the local environment when official administrative regulations preclude the headmaster from purchasing these and fail to provide him with any facilities for storing them once he has obtained them .

In spite of his admiration for Baron of Buchlyvie , and having been so keen to purchase it , Kilpatrick sold a half share in the horse to his rival , William Dunlop .
in spite of his admiration for baron of buchlyvie , and having been so keen to [buy] it , kilpatrick sold a half share in the horse to his rival , william dunlop .

William Dunlop had been bidding from the start and James Kilpatrick began with a bid of £4,500 , a sum almost certain to ensure purchase of the horse in normal circumstances .
william dunlop had been bidding from the start and james kilpatrick began with a bid of £4,500 , a sum almost certain to ensure [buy] of the horse in normal circumstances .

purchase daybook and ledger
[buy] daybook and ledger

By virtue of ss 20–1 of the 1890 Act , partnership property consists of property brought originally into partnership stock , or acquired ( by purchase or otherwise ) on account of the firm or for the purposes and in the course of the partnership business .
by virtue of ss 20–1 of the 1890 act , partnership property consists of property brought originally into partnership stock , or acquired ( by [buy] or otherwise ) on account of the firm or for the purposes and in the course of the partnership business .

Again , prior planning under the partnership deed may provide for purchase of a deceased or retired partner 's share by valuation .
again , prior planning under the partnership deed may provide for [buy] of a deceased or retired partner 's share by valuation .

The existence of these rights did not override the necessity to obtain planning permission but on compulsory purchase , permission for existing use rights was assumed to exist .
the existence of these rights did not override the necessity to obtain planning permission but on compulsory [buy] , permission for existing use rights was assumed to exist .

Since our v is advanced to purchase labour-power , then the rate of exploitation will have a determining role in the outcome for output .
since our v is advanced to [buy] labour-power , then the rate of exploitation will have a determining role in the outcome for output .

It is obvious that the aggregate demand for consumption goods must Brow at the same rate as the production of such commodities if equilibrium is to be maintained ; but there is an inherent drive within the capitalist system to reduce the amount of variable capital advanced or employed for the purchase of labour-power as a proportion of the total capital advanced .
it is obvious that the aggregate demand for consumption goods must brow at the same rate as the production of such commodities if equilibrium is to be maintained ; but there is an inherent drive within the capitalist system to reduce the amount of variable capital advanced or employed for the [buy] of labour-power as a proportion of the total capital advanced .

If it is made of a slightly rough material it gives the caterpillar something to get a purchase on .
if it is made of a slightly rough material it gives the caterpillar something to get a [buy] on .

The Touring Guarantee is valid for four years from the date of purchase of a new Mercedes and is passed on with the car if it is sold during that period .
the touring guarantee is valid for four years from the date of [buy] of a new mercedes and is passed on with the car if it is sold during that period .

Our dealers possess considerable knowledge of vehicles through their recorded service history , and this can help to overcome many of the potential pitfalls associated with the purchase of a used car .
our dealers possess considerable knowledge of vehicles through their recorded service history , and this can help to overcome many of the potential pitfalls associated with the [buy] of a used car .

The regional council voted to purchase Massey 's Folly to escape the ‘ rental spiral ’ in Winchester and the problems of traffic and parking .
the regional council voted to [buy] massey 's folly to escape the ‘ rental spiral ’ in winchester and the problems of traffic and parking .

It makes an enchanting conclusion to the set , and one which might well influence one 's decision to purchase .
it makes an enchanting conclusion to the set , and one which might well influence one 's decision to [buy] .

Until the middle of last year firms wishing to adopt them were in danger of falling foul of the Companies Act , which prohibited companies from assisting in the purchase of their own shares .
until the middle of last year firms wishing to adopt them were in danger of falling foul of the companies act , which prohibited companies from assisting in the [buy] of their own shares .

Second , it can be used to purchase many more shares for employees than is possible with existing share schemes .
second , it can be used to [buy] many more shares for employees than is possible with existing share schemes .

The purchase increases its distilling capacity by a third , to 3.5 million litres a year .
the [buy] increases its distilling capacity by a third , to 3.5 million litres a year .

The purchase of four tunnelling machines for instance — for about £1 million each — makes the equipment a long-term asset rather than a one-off item on the contractor 's bill .
the [buy] of four tunnelling machines for instance — for about £1 million each — makes the equipment a long-term asset rather than a one-off item on the contractor 's bill .

The Parsons ' slimline dining table was too low for me to get a proper purchase to relieve the cramp .
the parsons ' slimline dining table was too low for me to get a proper [buy] to relieve the cramp .

The money will be put towards the purchase of personal computers for running chemistry software applications .
the money will be put towards the [buy] of personal computers for running chemistry software applications .

The Fine Chemicals and Medicinals Groups continues to provide money to schools under the Small Grants Scheme ( up to the value of £500 ) for the purchase of equipment to carry out chemistry-related projects in schools .
the fine chemicals and medicinals groups continues to provide money to schools under the small grants scheme ( up to the value of £500 ) for the [buy] of equipment to carry out chemistry-related projects in schools .

Upon learning that these deaf people had no place to go to , or even to worship , Mr. Patterson held a meeting at which the above Association was formed , and enough money was raised to purchase a plot of land at Grosvenor Street where a social meeting place incorporating a small chapel was built .
upon learning that these deaf people had no place to go to , or even to worship , mr. patterson held a meeting at which the above association was formed , and enough money was raised to [buy] a plot of land at grosvenor street where a social meeting place incorporating a small chapel was built .

Lowe was quick to learn the various practices of the law profession , and decided upon conveyancing — transferring property from one person to another by purchase , lease or deed — as that branch of the law where his deafness was less of a handicap , and did so well that in the Michaelmas Term of 1829 , he took the prescribed oaths publicly in the Temple Hall and emerged as a Barrister of the Middle Temple — a most unprecedented event which created a sensation in the profession .
lowe was quick to learn the various practices of the law profession , and decided upon conveyancing — transferring property from one person to another by [buy] , lease or deed — as that branch of the law where his deafness was less of a handicap , and did so well that in the michaelmas term of 1829 , he took the prescribed oaths publicly in the temple hall and emerged as a barrister of the middle temple — a most unprecedented event which created a sensation in the profession .

In a short period of time , they had raised the cost of the building , including contributions from Queen Victoria herself , but now needed money to purchase a prime site in the centre of Glasgow .
in a short period of time , they had raised the cost of the building , including contributions from queen victoria herself , but now needed money to [buy] a prime site in the centre of glasgow .

Thanks to the connections made by William Agnew amongst Glasgow 's high society , the Bazaar was extremely successful and raised more than enough to purchase a prime site on the corner of West Regent Street and West Campbell Street .
thanks to the connections made by william agnew amongst glasgow 's high society , the bazaar was extremely successful and raised more than enough to [buy] a prime site on the corner of west regent street and west campbell street .

The monies raised by this Bazaar enabled the Glasgow deaf people to purchase a very prime and desirable site in the centre of the city .
the monies raised by this bazaar enabled the glasgow deaf people to [buy] a very prime and desirable site in the centre of the city .

During her period as Queen Consort , and after the King 's death as the Queen Dowager , Queen Alexandra would frequently purchase a number of works of deaf art and sculpture , especially if the work of art was of herself .
during her period as queen consort , and after the king 's death as the queen dowager , queen alexandra would frequently [buy] a number of works of deaf art and sculpture , especially if the work of art was of herself .

The British Deaf and Dumb Association selected the British Red Cross Society to raise funds for , and raised enough to purchase and equip two mobile physiotherapy units .
the british deaf and dumb association selected the british red cross society to raise funds for , and raised enough to [buy] and equip two mobile physiotherapy units .

The criterion here is that if the publication is published and on sale it should be considered for purchase .
the criterion here is that if the publication is published and on sale it should be considered for [buy] .

Sheltered housing is available through the housing department of local authorities , some through housing associations and some for purchase from private developers .
sheltered housing is available through the housing department of local authorities , some through housing associations and some for [buy] from private developers .

Senior Citizen Railcard holders can obtain concessions on Golden Rail Holidays , brochures for which are available from railway stations or travel agents , and can also purchase a Rail Europe Senior Card from British Rail , which entitles holders to discounts of up to 50 per cent on Continental rail travel .
senior citizen railcard holders can obtain concessions on golden rail holidays , brochures for which are available from railway stations or travel agents , and can also [buy] a rail europe senior card from british rail , which entitles holders to discounts of up to 50 per cent on continental rail travel .

They also receive free copies of Push & Pull , the award winning quarterly magazine about the Worth Valley Railway ( worth £5.80 plus postage ) , and have the opportunity to purchase lineside photographic permits .
they also receive free copies of push & pull , the award winning quarterly magazine about the worth valley railway ( worth £5.80 plus postage ) , and have the opportunity to [buy] lineside photographic permits .

Standby — Students and Passport to Leisure Holders may purchase any available seat for £5.00 from the day prior to the performance of their choice .
standby — students and passport to leisure holders may [buy] any available seat for £5.00 from the day prior to the performance of their choice .

Also in the gallery is the holographic giftshop which offers a rare opportunity to purchase fascinating souvenirs from a dazzling range of laser products , the latest hologram watches and calculators and a unique range of holographic jewellery , with the largest selection of holograms for the home .
also in the gallery is the holographic giftshop which offers a rare opportunity to [buy] fascinating souvenirs from a dazzling range of laser products , the latest hologram watches and calculators and a unique range of holographic jewellery , with the largest selection of holograms for the home .

Mary Gates came out of the house wiping her hands on her apron and looked at her son 's purchase .
mary gates came out of the house wiping her hands on her apron and looked at her son 's [buy] .

You may purchase and wear your own clothes if you wish .
you may [buy] and wear your own clothes if you wish .

In the 1960s a man with an American accent arrived at a coastal resort in South Wales and announced that he represented an American corporation which wished to purchase a leisure and amusement arcade in the town .
in the 1960s a man with an american accent arrived at a coastal resort in south wales and announced that he represented an american corporation which wished to [buy] a leisure and amusement arcade in the town .

The possession of a requisite sum of money entitles the individual to purchase goods and services .
the possession of a requisite sum of money entitles the individual to [buy] goods and services .

Providing money is generally acceptable , a person will take it in exchange for goods and services he sells since no difficulty will be encountered in using the money so acquired to purchase other goods and services desired .
providing money is generally acceptable , a person will take it in exchange for goods and services he sells since no difficulty will be encountered in using the money so acquired to [buy] other goods and services desired .

As long as it can be used to purchase goods and services , the medium of exchange ( notes ) does not need to have an intrinsic value , providing confidence is maintained in the currency by the avoidance of excessive inflation .
as long as it can be used to [buy] goods and services , the medium of exchange ( notes ) does not need to have an intrinsic value , providing confidence is maintained in the currency by the avoidance of excessive inflation .

Capital contributed by the shareholders is used to purchase premises and equipment .
capital contributed by the shareholders is used to [buy] premises and equipment .

People in most countries want more income to purchase more goods and services .
people in most countries want more income to [buy] more goods and services .

Other sources of external debt arise where non-residents purchase local bonds , or a non-resident corporation extends credit to a domestic corporation or establishes a subsidiary plant .
other sources of external debt arise where non-residents [buy] local bonds , or a non-resident corporation extends credit to a domestic corporation or establishes a subsidiary plant .

Under this method non-recourse trade bills guaranteed by the importer 's bank are discounted at the exporter 's bank ; the latter may commit itself to purchase the bills before the export contract is signed .
under this method non-recourse trade bills guaranteed by the importer 's bank are discounted at the exporter 's bank ; the latter may commit itself to [buy] the bills before the export contract is signed .

Under counter-trade a sale of good is contractually linked to an obligation to purchase goods or resultant output from the same country .
under counter-trade a sale of good is contractually linked to an obligation to [buy] goods or resultant output from the same country .

In this situation external finance for the purchase of foreign equipment and expertise is provided by international banks .
in this situation external finance for the [buy] of foreign equipment and expertise is provided by international banks .

The survival of international banking and the euro-credit market depends on adequate money market funds in each currency , the alternative for a bank being to purchase foreign exchange with domestic currency and thus incur a potential foreign exchange risk or lend its own domestic currency to overseas borrowers , e.g .
the survival of international banking and the euro-credit market depends on adequate money market funds in each currency , the alternative for a bank being to [buy] foreign exchange with domestic currency and thus incur a potential foreign exchange risk or lend its own domestic currency to overseas borrowers , e.g .

Perhaps the odd purchase of a revolver or two , but that 's all .
perhaps the odd [buy] of a revolver or two , but that 's all .

Four out of the six planning departments purchase government statistics but three of these four departments do not find the statistics particularly useful .
four out of the six planning departments [buy] government statistics but three of these four departments do not find the statistics particularly useful .

’ The answers to these questions will determine which books the local researcher will purchase and retain .
’ the answers to these questions will determine which books the local researcher will [buy] and retain .

The chief trade was in corn , pork , cattle and agricultural produce , on average £10 000 to £15 000 weekly being laid out in the purchase of grain .
the chief trade was in corn , pork , cattle and agricultural produce , on average £10 000 to £15 000 weekly being laid out in the [buy] of grain .

Possibly one of the earliest was Miss Robb who had shown a keen interest in the purchase of a new harmonium for the Sunday School in the wooden Tabernacle .
possibly one of the earliest was miss robb who had shown a keen interest in the [buy] of a new harmonium for the sunday school in the wooden tabernacle .

The youth may want to buy a motor bike , but his mother wants him to purchase an old car because she thinks bikes are dangerous and will get him into bad company .
the youth may want to buy a motor bike , but his mother wants him to [buy] an old car because she thinks bikes are dangerous and will get him into bad company .

He suggested instead that economists and psychologists should link forces to study how producers and consumers actually make decisions , how they plan , what they believe , why they purchase commodities when they do , and so forth ( Katona 1951 ) .
he suggested instead that economists and psychologists should link forces to study how producers and consumers actually make decisions , how they plan , what they believe , why they [buy] commodities when they do , and so forth ( katona 1951 ) .

They would deny that the effect in any way proves that polls influence opinion ; it could , for instance , be that supporters of a right-wing candidate are of a generally conservative predisposition , and purchase newspapers which only report polls sympathetic to their candidate .
they would deny that the effect in any way proves that polls influence opinion ; it could , for instance , be that supporters of a right-wing candidate are of a generally conservative predisposition , and [buy] newspapers which only report polls sympathetic to their candidate .

As Repetto ( 1988a ) has discussed , the continued availability of subsidies for conversion of forest to pasture makes it more economic for the investor to clear further forest than to purchase fertiliser or control weeds in existing pasture .
as repetto ( 1988a ) has discussed , the continued availability of subsidies for conversion of forest to pasture makes it more economic for the investor to clear further forest than to [buy] fertiliser or control weeds in existing pasture .

The Bill sought powers of compulsory purchase for a five-year period of all privately owned property on the site .
the bill sought powers of compulsory [buy] for a five-year period of all privately owned property on the site .

Hall instructed Pennethorne to implement arrangements to purchase the land authorized by the Act and to prepare block plans for Government Offices on the larger site between Parliament Street , Downing Street , Great George Street and the park .
hall instructed pennethorne to implement arrangements to [buy] the land authorized by the act and to prepare block plans for government offices on the larger site between parliament street , downing street , great george street and the park .

On 26th May , Hunt came to see him and said that he was taking over the purchase negotiations for the Downing Street scheme , and particularly upset Pennethorne by producing one of Pennethorne 's drawings to assist him in the work .
on 26th may , hunt came to see him and said that he was taking over the [buy] negotiations for the downing street scheme , and particularly upset pennethorne by producing one of pennethorne 's drawings to assist him in the work .

It stated that he had seen an advertisement in the papers asking for designs for the redevelopment of the whole area between Downing Street and Great George Street , yet Hall knew the Cabinet had decided against this large scheme and that only the purchase of the Fludyer Street area would be completed .
it stated that he had seen an advertisement in the papers asking for designs for the redevelopment of the whole area between downing street and great george street , yet hall knew the cabinet had decided against this large scheme and that only the [buy] of the fludyer street area would be completed .

Pennethorne 's scheme had demonstrated the inadequacy of the land authorized under the Downing Street Public Offices Extension Act of 1855 , and consequently Hall now sought powers to purchase compulsorily all the remaining land north of Charles Street between Parliament Street and the park , including a block between King Street and Parliament Street indicated on ‘ Plan no .
pennethorne 's scheme had demonstrated the inadequacy of the land authorized under the downing street public offices extension act of 1855 , and consequently hall now sought powers to [buy] compulsorily all the remaining land north of charles street between parliament street and the park , including a block between king street and parliament street indicated on ‘ plan no .

At this Pennethorne was instructed to take steps to purchase the remainder of the property authorized under the 1855 Act as soon as possible .
at this pennethorne was instructed to take steps to [buy] the remainder of the property authorized under the 1855 act as soon as possible .

This crossed with Trevelyan 's letter , so he wrote again on 12th December , pointing out that the £30,000 voted by Parliament was only for a portion of the site authorized and that an additional £80,000 would be required to purchase the whole area .
this crossed with trevelyan 's letter , so he wrote again on 12th december , pointing out that the £30,000 voted by parliament was only for a portion of the site authorized and that an additional £80,000 would be required to [buy] the whole area .

However , Lord Redesdale thought that if the Government ever wanted the larger site , ‘ the truest economy would be to purchase at once the ground about Charles Street .
however , lord redesdale thought that if the government ever wanted the larger site , ‘ the truest economy would be to [buy] at once the ground about charles street .

With those facts staring us in the face , it was monstrous and absurd to propose to sink a large outlay of money in the purchase of ground in this neighbourhood , and in the erection of new Government buildings .
with those facts staring us in the face , it was monstrous and absurd to propose to sink a large outlay of money in the [buy] of ground in this neighbourhood , and in the erection of new government buildings .

Lewis claimed that the Opposition had forced Palmerston 's Government to abandon the Bill to purchase all the land required for the competition schemes , and Pennethorne 's scheme fitted the limited area owned by the Government .
lewis claimed that the opposition had forced palmerston 's government to abandon the bill to [buy] all the land required for the competition schemes , and pennethorne 's scheme fitted the limited area owned by the government .

But he still had to obtain Parliamentary authority for the purchase of the part of the site not covered by Molesworth 's Act of 1855 .
but he still had to obtain parliamentary authority for the [buy] of the part of the site not covered by molesworth 's act of 1855 .

No doubt to obtain a quick and smooth passage for his measures , he was less ambitious than in Hall 's ill-fated Bill of 1857 , and only sought power to purchase the outstanding 1.25 acres ( 0.50 ha . )
no doubt to obtain a quick and smooth passage for his measures , he was less ambitious than in hall 's ill-fated bill of 1857 , and only sought power to [buy] the outstanding 1.25 acres ( 0.50 ha . )

Although it is not mentioned in the Act , the Government intended to act as an agent of the Government of India , by using its compulsory powers to purchase the site of the India Office and sell it back to the Indian Government .
although it is not mentioned in the act , the government intended to act as an agent of the government of india , by using its compulsory powers to [buy] the site of the india office and sell it back to the indian government .

In a Supply Debate on the following Thursday , 4th August , the House sitting as a Committee were asked by the Government to vote the £30,000 required for foundations , and £100,000 to purchase land authorized under Manners ' Act .
in a supply debate on the following thursday , 4th august , the house sitting as a committee were asked by the government to vote the £30,000 required for foundations , and £100,000 to [buy] land authorized under manners ' act .

Maintaining safety in the home is an expensive business and , for families with children , the purchase of recommended safety equipment — such as car safety seats , stair gates , a playpen and a cooker guard — adds up to a considerable sum .
maintaining safety in the home is an expensive business and , for families with children , the [buy] of recommended safety equipment — such as car safety seats , stair gates , a playpen and a cooker guard — adds up to a considerable sum .

The economic status of an individual will almost certainly be communicated to others in a variety of ways , for example by the choice of neighbourhood for purchase of a house , the choice of social circle and the type of occupation — at least in Western cultures .
the economic status of an individual will almost certainly be communicated to others in a variety of ways , for example by the choice of neighbourhood for [buy] of a house , the choice of social circle and the type of occupation — at least in western cultures .

Instead , they are caught up in creating imaginary situations—putting a stuffed animal to bed , driving an ambulance to a train crash , or ringing up a customer ’ s purchase at the cash register .
instead , they are caught up in creating imaginary situations—putting a stuffed animal to bed , driving an ambulance to a train crash , or ringing up a customer ’ s [buy] at the cash register .

Fifty years later , it is hard to imagine a retailer—be it a high-end department store , mass merchandiser , or catalog service—limiting an individual customer ’ s clothing purchase .
fifty years later , it is hard to imagine a retailer—be it a high-end department store , mass merchandiser , or catalog service—limiting an individual customer ’ s clothing [buy] .

It is important to note also that this product was not promoted at retail with discounted prices at any time during this period , so the variation is not due to consumers preferring to purchase a product when it was “ on sale. ” In addition , the demand peak for the 43-regular occurs in week 10 , which was only an average demand week for the 46-regular .
it is important to note also that this product was not promoted at retail with discounted prices at any time during this period , so the variation is not due to consumers preferring to [buy] a product when it was “ on sale. ” in addition , the demand peak for the 43-regular occurs in week 10 , which was only an average demand week for the 46-regular .

One indicator of risk is the cost of markdowns manufacturers must make to clear inventory that retailers are not willing to purchase at full wholesale price—if at all.8 For example , the HCTAR survey found that an average apparel business unit discounted its products to retailers by 24 percent in 1992 .
one indicator of risk is the cost of markdowns manufacturers must make to clear inventory that retailers are not willing to [buy] at full wholesale price—if at all.8 for example , the hctar survey found that an average apparel business unit discounted its products to retailers by 24 percent in 1992 .

For example , in 1994 , roughly 25 percent of customers who entered a Macy ’ s store left without making a purchase because the product they were seeking was not available.2 On the other hand , the retail “ wagon ” should not be too full , since stocking retail shelves with unpopular items also results in excess costs—the cost of capital tied up in unwanted goods , the opportunity cost of the space that could be used for products that customers would buy if present , and , ultimately , lost margin when retailers must resort to price markdowns or product disposal to clear languishing items from their shelves .
for example , in 1994 , roughly 25 percent of customers who entered a macy ’ s store left without making a [buy] because the product they were seeking was not available.2 on the other hand , the retail “ wagon ” should not be too full , since stocking retail shelves with unpopular items also results in excess costs—the cost of capital tied up in unwanted goods , the opportunity cost of the space that could be used for products that customers would buy if present , and , ultimately , lost margin when retailers must resort to price markdowns or product disposal to clear languishing items from their shelves .

A customer may purchase three similar polo shirts in different colors or sizes , but because the price is the same for all , the clerk may simply scan one of them three times—-losing important information about consumer color and/or size preferences .
a customer may [buy] three similar polo shirts in different colors or sizes , but because the price is the same for all , the clerk may simply scan one of them three times—-losing important information about consumer color and/or size preferences .

Customers rarely inform the sales clerk in a typical retail store if a desired product is out of stock ; they either buy a different product or leave the store without making a purchase .
customers rarely inform the sales clerk in a typical retail store if a desired product is out of stock ; they either buy a different product or leave the store without making a [buy] .

Because the customer must write , call , or e-mail these retailers with a specific purchase request , these firms are able to capture actual consumer demand rather than sales numbers alone .
because the customer must write , call , or e-mail these retailers with a specific [buy] request , these firms are able to capture actual consumer demand rather than sales numbers alone .

In the mid-1990s , Nordstrom ran newspaper ads promising , for certain products , that if the size or color of an item the customer wished to purchase was not in stock at the store , Nordstrom would locate the desired item and mail it to the customer at no additional cost—both the item and its delivery were free .
in the mid-1990s , nordstrom ran newspaper ads promising , for certain products , that if the size or color of an item the customer wished to [buy] was not in stock at the store , nordstrom would locate the desired item and mail it to the customer at no additional cost—both the item and its delivery were free .

Retailers have an incentive to stock high levels of inventory : They want both to provide sufficient display stock to attract customers—empty shelves are not inviting—and to have products available for those who wish to purchase them .
retailers have an incentive to stock high levels of inventory : they want both to provide sufficient display stock to attract customers—empty shelves are not inviting—and to have products available for those who wish to [buy] them .

A number of other straightforward costs are associated with any inventory stocking policy , such as the cost of ordering and transporting product ; the cost of determining inventory levels ; and the impact on purchase price of any quantity price discounts .
a number of other straightforward costs are associated with any inventory stocking policy , such as the cost of ordering and transporting product ; the cost of determining inventory levels ; and the impact on [buy] price of any quantity price discounts .

Will the customer buy a substitute item if a particular item is out of stock or return to the same store at a later date to purchase the item when it is again in stock ?
will the customer buy a substitute item if a particular item is out of stock or return to the same store at a later date to [buy] the item when it is again in stock ?

For example , suppose a retailer can purchase a dress for $ 200 that it sells for $ 440 .
for example , suppose a retailer can [buy] a dress for $ 200 that it sells for $ 440 .

According to the model , the retailer should purchase the quantity Q* that will yield [ Prob ( D < Q* ) ] = 240/ ( 240+80 ) = 240/320 = .75—that is , a 75 percent probability that demand for the dress will be less than the quantity purchased .
according to the model , the retailer should [buy] the quantity q* that will yield [ prob ( d < q* ) ] = 240/ ( 240+80 ) = 240/320 = .75—that is , a 75 percent probability that demand for the dress will be less than the quantity purchased .

Note that the inventory level drops gradually as consumers purchase the item .
note that the inventory level drops gradually as consumers [buy] the item .

Jobbers may purchase cloth and materials ; design or purchase design of garments ; and cut or contract out cutting of fabrics .
jobbers may [buy] cloth and materials ; design or [buy] design of garments ; and cut or contract out cutting of fabrics .

This system also separated and specialized the functions of production from the purchase of materials and the selling of finished products—developments that greatly influence women ’ s and children ’ s apparel today , including the complexity of the regulation of labor conditions .
this system also separated and specialized the functions of production from the [buy] of materials and the selling of finished products—developments that greatly influence women ’ s and children ’ s apparel today , including the complexity of the regulation of labor conditions .

One company , Burlington Industries , sells directly to organizations that purchase uniforms for airlines , police , and fire personnel .
one company , burlington industries , sells directly to organizations that [buy] uniforms for airlines , police , and fire personnel .

Casual clothing is not only less expensive to purchase and maintain but also requires less labor to assemble .
casual clothing is not only less expensive to [buy] and maintain but also requires less labor to assemble .

This information , sent via EDI , can then be used to check incoming orders against purchase orders and authorize payments to suppliers .
this information , sent via edi , can then be used to check incoming orders against [buy] orders and authorize payments to suppliers .

Instead of providing an open-ended guarantee on prices to its distributors , the company would guarantee the price for only two weeks after purchase by the distributor , refusing to take back computers unless they malfunctioned .
instead of providing an open-ended guarantee on prices to its distributors , the company would guarantee the price for only two weeks after [buy] by the distributor , refusing to take back computers unless they malfunctioned .

Previous chapters have demonstrated that the lowest purchase price from a supplier does not necessarily yield the lowest costs at the point and time of sale or the largest profit .
previous chapters have demonstrated that the lowest [buy] price from a supplier does not necessarily yield the lowest costs at the point and time of sale or the largest profit .

By 1993 , Penney was using EDI for processing 97 percent of purchase orders and 85 percent of invoices with 3,400 of its 4,000 suppliers .
by 1993 , penney was using edi for processing 97 percent of [buy] orders and 85 percent of invoices with 3,400 of its 4,000 suppliers .

John Bourke writes about an ancient custom in Mexico still used in the late nineteenth century : a merchant kept a tin cylinder for each customer , and after each purchase he ’ d drop a bean into it .
john bourke writes about an ancient custom in mexico still used in the late nineteenth century : a merchant kept a tin cylinder for each customer , and after each [buy] he ’ d drop a bean into it .

Tucson was the frontier fortification of the Mexican state of Sonora until the Gadsden Purchase transferred it to the United States .
tucson was the frontier fortification of the mexican state of sonora until the gadsden [buy] transferred it to the united states .

Undocumented immigrants manage to learn where to purchase such forgeries .
undocumented immigrants manage to learn where to [buy] such forgeries .

Sometimes it can be gotten illegally by purchase or legally by marrying an American and becoming a legal resident .
sometimes it can be gotten illegally by [buy] or legally by marrying an american and becoming a legal resident .

The book of Exodus permits the purchase of a Hebrew slave , but after six years of service “ he shall go out free , for nothing. ” 10 There are people , the Bible recognizes , who prefer the condition of servitude :
the book of exodus permits the [buy] of a hebrew slave , but after six years of service “ he shall go out free , for nothing. ” 10 there are people , the bible recognizes , who prefer the condition of servitude :

In Sabah , you may even be able to buy a buffalo , though shipping is not included in the purchase price .
in sabah , you may even be able to buy a buffalo , though shipping is not included in the [buy] price .

The Courthouse Antiques and Craft Market , next to Cocker Bridge , makes an interesting diversion and gives you the opportunity to purchase unusual souvenirs .
the courthouse antiques and craft market , next to cocker bridge , makes an interesting diversion and gives you the opportunity to [buy] unusual souvenirs .

Always study any item carefully before purchase .
always study any item carefully before [buy] .

Shopping Tips If you take a guide or interpreter with you , it is customary for them to receive a percentage on every purchase you make .
shopping tips if you take a guide or interpreter with you , it is customary for them to receive a percentage on every [buy] you make .

They will copy your favorite brand of western perfume , or will suggest a blend to suit your skin type and you can purchase an ornate glass perfume bottle to put it i n. If you don ’ t want the perfume , the bottles are on sale in many souvenir shops and make pretty decorative pieces .
they will copy your favorite brand of western perfume , or will suggest a blend to suit your skin type and you can [buy] an ornate glass perfume bottle to put it i n. if you don ’ t want the perfume , the bottles are on sale in many souvenir shops and make pretty decorative pieces .

The Military Tattoo has an office at 32 Market Street and shop/gallery at 33–34 Market Street ( behind Waverley Station ) , where you can see photographs from past events as well as purchase souvenirs and tickets .
the military tattoo has an office at 32 market street and shop/gallery at 33–34 market street ( behind waverley station ) , where you can see photographs from past events as well as [buy] souvenirs and tickets .

Popular ski areas usually sell out on weekends , and visitors are advised to purchase lift tickets in advance .
popular ski areas usually sell out on weekends , and visitors are advised to [buy] lift tickets in advance .

From the ferry docking station on the west bank , head to the nearby ticket office where you can purchase tickets for all the separate archaeological sites .
from the ferry docking station on the west bank , head to the nearby ticket office where you can [buy] tickets for all the separate archaeological sites .

If you plan to buy anything for use in Europe or elsewhere ( where PAL is the main broadcast standard ) , make sure you purchase a multisystem unit ; only these are compatible with the various broadcast standards in use around the globe .
if you plan to buy anything for use in europe or elsewhere ( where pal is the main broadcast standard ) , make sure you [buy] a multisystem unit ; only these are compatible with the various broadcast standards in use around the globe .

It can be visited by guided tour only , arranged upon the purchase of your ticket at the museum entrance .
it can be visited by guided tour only , arranged upon the [buy] of your ticket at the museum entrance .

Even if your purchase only looks “ antique , ” it may still arouse suspicion at customs .
even if your [buy] only looks “ antique , ” it may still arouse suspicion at customs .

The coppersmith will also be happy to make items to order , or to engrave your purchase .
the coppersmith will also be happy to make items to order , or to engrave your [buy] .

A tour isn ’ t necessary to visit ( and have a taste or make a purchase ) at the handsome vintage cellar and tasting room .
a tour isn ’ t necessary to visit ( and have a taste or make a [buy] ) at the handsome vintage cellar and tasting room .

They are subject to customs restrictions , so get a certificate from your dealer and , if you are at all in doubt , also from the Department of Antiquities to avoid confiscation of your purchase upon departure .
they are subject to customs restrictions , so get a certificate from your dealer and , if you are at all in doubt , also from the department of antiquities to avoid confiscation of your [buy] upon departure .

Larger pieces such as tea-sets and goblets can be found in the bigger stores , as can silver pill-boxes , purses , or small “ sombreros. ” Always make sure that your purchase bears a stamp of the word Mexico and of the numbers 925 ( the standard quality of silver found here ) or 960 ( purer but slightly softer ) .
larger pieces such as tea-sets and goblets can be found in the bigger stores , as can silver pill-boxes , purses , or small “ sombreros. ” always make sure that your [buy] bears a stamp of the word mexico and of the numbers 925 ( the standard quality of silver found here ) or 960 ( purer but slightly softer ) .

If you intend to make a major purchase of this type while visiting the region , it would be wise to research the prices and quality of goods at home , before you travel , so that you can be sure you are getting a good deal .
if you intend to make a major [buy] of this type while visiting the region , it would be wise to research the prices and quality of goods at home , before you travel , so that you can be sure you are getting a good deal .

An excellent guide book giving the general history of the villages and buildings , and details about individual interiors , is available for purchase .
an excellent guide book giving the general history of the villages and buildings , and details about individual interiors , is available for [buy] .

Buy them , then fly them ; you won ’ t need to wait until you return home to enjoy this purchase .
buy them , then fly them ; you won ’ t need to wait until you return home to enjoy this [buy] .

On Friday and Saturday practically every place with entertainment imposes a drink purchase minimum .
on friday and saturday practically every place with entertainment imposes a drink [buy] minimum .

Once you ’ ve bought your copy of On the Road , cross Jack Kerouac Street and settle down with your purchase over a drink at Vesuvio ’ s , another famous literary hangout .
once you ’ ve bought your copy of on the road , cross jack kerouac street and settle down with your [buy] over a drink at vesuvio ’ s , another famous literary hangout .

Prices are very competitive as gold is sold by weight with a relatively small mark-up for the craftsman ’ s skill , however always check with prices at home if you intend to make a major purchase .
prices are very competitive as gold is sold by weight with a relatively small mark-up for the craftsman ’ s skill , however always check with prices at home if you intend to make a major [buy] .

Temporary exhibitions are mounted here , and some items are occasionally made available for purchase .
temporary exhibitions are mounted here , and some items are occasionally made available for [buy] .

It was a controversial amount at the time — more than the US Treasury owned — but the Louisiana Purchase , as it became known , covered land from Canada to the Rockies to the Gulf of Mexico , and almost doubled the area of the United States .
it was a controversial amount at the time — more than the us treasury owned — but the louisiana [buy] , as it became known , covered land from canada to the rockies to the gulf of mexico , and almost doubled the area of the united states .

You can also purchase a pair of Cretan farmer ’ s boots — almost knee-high black leather with thick leather soles .
you can also [buy] a pair of cretan farmer ’ s boots — almost knee-high black leather with thick leather soles .

In fact , he landed far from China and discovered the river which still bears his name — the Hudson ; he also traded with the native peoples for the purchase of Manhattan Island and travelled to the Caribbean , taking several islands as Dutch colonies .
in fact , he landed far from china and discovered the river which still bears his name — the hudson ; he also traded with the native peoples for the [buy] of manhattan island and travelled to the caribbean , taking several islands as dutch colonies .

See how the wine is made in the museum , then enjoy wine tastings and purchase your favorites from the shop .
see how the wine is made in the museum , then enjoy wine tastings and [buy] your favorites from the shop .

Watch as little old ladies fashion the clay , and then be tempted to purchase the end results , or other goods and antiques that are on sale .
watch as little old ladies fashion the clay , and then be tempted to [buy] the end results , or other goods and antiques that are on sale .

The first stop is at the Bodegas Carballo , where you can sample and purchase some surprisingly strong local wines .
the first stop is at the bodegas carballo , where you can sample and [buy] some surprisingly strong local wines .

A US purchase of the island from Spain had long been on the agenda , even though Martí had warned of becoming a satellite of the United States ( “ I know the Monster , because I have lived in its lair , ” he wrote ) .
a us [buy] of the island from spain had long been on the agenda , even though martí had warned of becoming a satellite of the united states ( “ i know the monster , because i have lived in its lair , ” he wrote ) .

Visitors should be aware of this and respect their culture by not attempting to purchase sacred or ceremonial pieces .
visitors should be aware of this and respect their culture by not attempting to [buy] sacred or ceremonial pieces .

Foreign traders journeyed here to purchase silk , porcelain , and spices , and , by so doing , incidentally introduced the Chinese to foreign ideas .
foreign traders journeyed here to [buy] silk , porcelain , and spices , and , by so doing , incidentally introduced the chinese to foreign ideas .

Your purchase will also help keep the island ’ s unique craft industry alive .
your [buy] will also help keep the island ’ s unique craft industry alive .

Whenever you make a purchase , simply ask for a Global Refund Check .
whenever you make a [buy] , simply ask for a global refund check .

You can also purchase cigars at such Havana shops as Casa del Tabaco ( Calle Obispo and Bernaza ) and La Casa del Habano ( Calle Mercaderes , 120 ) , at hotels , and at the airport .
you can also [buy] cigars at such havana shops as casa del tabaco ( calle obispo and bernaza ) and la casa del habano ( calle mercaderes , 120 ) , at hotels , and at the airport .

There are some beautiful gift sets available for purchase in Budapest .
there are some beautiful gift sets available for [buy] in budapest .

If the cigars inside strike you as too expensive , you ’ ll have plenty of opportunity to purchase fake or stolen stogies outside the factory , as every third person whispers “ You want cigar ? ” as you pass .
if the cigars inside strike you as too expensive , you ’ ll have plenty of opportunity to [buy] fake or stolen stogies outside the factory , as every third person whispers “ you want cigar ? ” as you pass .

The sea has played an important role in the history of Bermuda , and there is a range of nautical-themed items to purchase .
the sea has played an important role in the history of bermuda , and there is a range of nautical-themed items to [buy] .

I was so-o-o excited , '' the widow and former duplex dweller said of the purchase of her first home , a sagging frame structure on Snowden .
i was so-o-o excited , '' the widow and former duplex dweller said of the [buy] of her first home , a sagging frame structure on snowden .

Kudos for Supporting Legal Center By John A. Adams The Utah State Legislature in the just-completed session has stepped forward in a year of very difficult financial challenges and , in honor of their colleague the late Sen. Pete Suazo , appropriated $ 100,000 toward the purchase of a building to create the nation 's first Community Legal Center .
kudos for supporting legal center by john a. adams the utah state legislature in the just-completed session has stepped forward in a year of very difficult financial challenges and , in honor of their colleague the late sen. pete suazo , appropriated $ 100,000 toward the [buy] of a building to create the nation 's first community legal center .

It is hoped that the example of our political leaders , coupled with the generous contributions already made by organizations and individuals , including the George S. and Dolores Dore Eccles Foundation , the Utah Bar Foundation , the Herbert I. and Else B. Michael Foundation , the cities of Salt Lake and Murray , and the agencies , employees and boards of trustees , will prompt other foundations , businesses and private citizens to contribute the remaining funds necessary to pay for the purchase of the building .
it is hoped that the example of our political leaders , coupled with the generous contributions already made by organizations and individuals , including the george s. and dolores dore eccles foundation , the utah bar foundation , the herbert i. and else b. michael foundation , the cities of salt lake and murray , and the agencies , employees and boards of trustees , will prompt other foundations , businesses and private citizens to contribute the remaining funds necessary to pay for the [buy] of the building .

The purchase will help meet the organization 's long-term plan of establishing a one-stop `` justice center '' for agencies that provide services to the poor .
the [buy] will help meet the organization 's long-term plan of establishing a one-stop `` justice center '' for agencies that provide services to the poor .

The purchase of the building on A Street in downtown Oxnard also signals California Rural Legal Assistance 's intention to establish roots , said its leaders .
the [buy] of the building on a street in downtown oxnard also signals california rural legal assistance 's intention to establish roots , said its leaders .

The organization raised about $ 60,000 to purchase the A Street building .
the organization raised about $ 60,000 to [buy] the a street building .

The East Wenatchee City Council has entered into an Interlocal Agreement with the Wenatchee Housing Authority authorizing the Authority to purchase and maintain the Mobile Park Plaza mobile home park .
the east wenatchee city council has entered into an interlocal agreement with the wenatchee housing authority authorizing the authority to [buy] and maintain the mobile park plaza mobile home park .

Although the purchase of new computer equipment , supplies and compatible information management systems are included , no estimates are provided for the cost to correct existing computer system deficiencies nor the resources to support some system redundancy for a period of time .
although the [buy] of new computer equipment , supplies and compatible information management systems are included , no estimates are provided for the cost to correct existing computer system deficiencies nor the resources to support some system redundancy for a period of time .

In addition , the government may seek to purchase goods and services from more than one source .
in addition , the government may seek to [buy] goods and services from more than one source .

At FAA 's Aeronautical Center , some employees with contracting responsibilities were initially uncomfortable exercising newly delegated procurement authority to purchase goods or services up to a certain dollar amount without supervisory approval .
at faa 's aeronautical center , some employees with contracting responsibilities were initially uncomfortable exercising newly delegated procurement authority to [buy] goods or services up to a certain dollar amount without supervisory approval .

Revaluation of inventory and related property. -- Inventory and related property may be revalued for such reasons as determination that the property is excess , obsolete , or unserviceable ; that stockpile materials have decayed or been damaged ; that a loss is estimated on commodity purchase agreements ; or that a change has occurred in the net realizable value of commodities valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value .
revaluation of inventory and related property. -- inventory and related property may be revalued for such reasons as determination that the property is excess , obsolete , or unserviceable ; that stockpile materials have decayed or been damaged ; that a loss is estimated on commodity [buy] agreements ; or that a change has occurred in the net realizable value of commodities valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value .

NONFEDERAL PHYSICAL PROPERTY ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30 , 199Z Annually , the Federal Government provides funding to state and local governments for the purchase , the construction , or the major renovation of physical property owned by state and local governments ; additionally , from time to time , the Federal Government transfers PP & E to these governments in exchange for less than fair value .
nonfederal physical property annual stewardship information for the fiscal year ended september 30 , 199z annually , the federal government provides funding to state and local governments for the [buy] , the construction , or the major renovation of physical property owned by state and local governments ; additionally , from time to time , the federal government transfers pp & e to these governments in exchange for less than fair value .

The term includes the purchase of , or participation in , a loan made by another lender .
the term includes the [buy] of , or participation in , a loan made by another lender .

In this rule , `` cost '' refers to historical cost and `` market '' refers to the current replacement cost by purchase or production .
in this rule , `` cost '' refers to historical cost and `` market '' refers to the current replacement cost by [buy] or production .

A weighted average cost per unit is recomputed after every purchase .
a weighted average cost per unit is recomputed after every [buy] .

PURCHASES METHOD -A method of accounting for goods , such as materials and supplies , in which the acquisition cost is recognized as an expense upon purchase of the goods rather than upon their use .
purchases method -a method of accounting for goods , such as materials and supplies , in which the acquisition cost is recognized as an expense upon [buy] of the goods rather than upon their use .

REPLACEMENT COST - The cost to reproduce an inventory item by purchase or manufacture .
replacement cost - the cost to reproduce an inventory item by [buy] or manufacture .

The third section deals with streamlining efforts in the payment systems involving the purchase of goods and services while the last section deals with streamlining efforts in the employee travel payment systems .
the third section deals with streamlining efforts in the payment systems involving the [buy] of goods and services while the last section deals with streamlining efforts in the employee travel payment systems .

The purchase authorization portion of the process is the formal approval of the purchase by responsible designated officials within the agency and usually results in the obligation of budget authority .
the [buy] authorization portion of the process is the formal approval of the [buy] by responsible designated officials within the agency and usually results in the obligation of budget authority .

Receipt of the invoice or bill from the supplier or vendor represents a claim against the government for the items sent or delivered per the government 's purchase order .
receipt of the invoice or bill from the supplier or vendor represents a claim against the government for the items sent or delivered per the government 's [buy] order .

Administrative approvals include , but are not limited to , obligation of funds ( for example , authorizing the purchase of goods , approving employee travel , approving contracts on behalf of the agency ) ; accepting goods and services delivered to an agency per order or contract ; and approving travel vouchers for payment scheduling .
administrative approvals include , but are not limited to , obligation of funds ( for example , authorizing the [buy] of goods , approving employee travel , approving contracts on behalf of the agency ) ; accepting goods and services delivered to an agency per order or contract ; and approving travel vouchers for payment scheduling .

For example , such approvals could be evidenced by purchase orders signed by an authorized official or travel orders and vouchers signed by supervisors .
for example , such approvals could be evidenced by [buy] orders signed by an authorized official or travel orders and vouchers signed by supervisors .

As the application of advancing technology continues , systems will be able to directly transmit receipt and acceptance data from points of purchase to central locations for invoice examination and payment authorization .
as the application of advancing technology continues , systems will be able to directly transmit receipt and acceptance data from points of [buy] to central locations for invoice examination and payment authorization .

GAO Response We responded to the request by stating that although fast pay is permitted under certain criteria , the purchases under the process inquired about would not meet the criteria ( 1 ) where the purchase exceeds $ 25,000 or ( 2 ) if the 10percent error rate is considered by management and the IG office to be above the tolerable acceptable error rate .
gao response we responded to the request by stating that although fast pay is permitted under certain criteria , the purchases under the process inquired about would not meet the criteria ( 1 ) where the [buy] exceeds $ 25,000 or ( 2 ) if the 10percent error rate is considered by management and the ig office to be above the tolerable acceptable error rate .

Processing Payment Without an Invoice One federal entity asked GAO whether it would be permissible to make purchase order or contract payments ( without a vendor 's invoice ) solely on the basis of a receiving report or other documentary evidence showing receipt and acceptance .
processing payment without an invoice one federal entity asked gao whether it would be permissible to make [buy] order or contract payments ( without a vendor 's invoice ) solely on the basis of a receiving report or other documentary evidence showing receipt and acceptance .

This entity had designed a payment system whereby the acquisition of certain goods and services made under maintenance contracts and purchase orders would not require an invoice to generate a payment .
this entity had designed a payment system whereby the acquisition of certain goods and services made under maintenance contracts and [buy] orders would not require an invoice to generate a payment .

Record Retention at Field Offices or Sites Two of the agencies requesting our assistance on designing and implementing fast pay also asked if the key documents ( i. e. purchase order , receiving report , and invoice ) could be retained in the field offices 16 A purchase order or contract should contain details of the type or quality of goods or services ( e.g .
record retention at field offices or sites two of the agencies requesting our assistance on designing and implementing fast pay also asked if the key documents ( i. e. [buy] order , receiving report , and invoice ) could be retained in the field offices 16 a [buy] order or contract should contain details of the type or quality of goods or services ( e.g .

GAO Response or sites where the purchase was initiated .
gao response or sites where the [buy] was initiated .

Instead of sending supporting documentation to the finance center for payment certification , a purchase log or other summary information would be maintained and all pertinent data would be entered into it , signed by the purchaser and approving official , and sent to the finance center for payment authorization .
instead of sending supporting documentation to the finance center for payment certification , a [buy] log or other summary information would be maintained and all pertinent data would be entered into it , signed by the purchaser and approving official , and sent to the finance center for payment authorization .

The type of postpayment validation procedures the agency proposed to implement is analogous to the form of payment known as `` fast pay , '' available for the purchase of goods and services .
the type of postpayment validation procedures the agency proposed to implement is analogous to the form of payment known as `` fast pay , '' available for the [buy] of goods and services .

Finally , with certain restrictions , persons who hold an undivided interest in a crop may be eligible to purchase one insurance policy covering all shares to satisfy linkage requirements , thereby not having to pay the $ 50 processing fee in these situations .
finally , with certain restrictions , persons who hold an undivided interest in a crop may be eligible to [buy] one insurance policy covering all shares to satisfy linkage requirements , thereby not having to pay the $ 50 processing fee in these situations .

An investor deciding to purchase shares based on the information in a profile will receive a prospectus with confirmation of the purchase .
an investor deciding to [buy] shares based on the information in a profile will receive a prospectus with confirmation of the [buy] .

EPA states that it has taken into consideration the potential competitive impact on these firms and has eased the burden by permitting averaging emissions across product lines , reduced production line testing , reduced in-use testing , simplified certification procedures and allowing manufacturers to purchase emission credits from the market place as an alternative to employing control technologies to meet the standard .
epa states that it has taken into consideration the potential competitive impact on these firms and has eased the burden by permitting averaging emissions across product lines , reduced production line testing , reduced in-use testing , simplified certification procedures and allowing manufacturers to [buy] emission credits from the market place as an alternative to employing control technologies to meet the standard .

Complex facility projects usually include a procurement phase in order to expedite the purchase , manufacture , and delivery of longleadtime equipment , such as unique process machinery , large electrical and mechanical equipment , and sophisticated architectural components .
complex facility projects usually include a procurement phase in order to expedite the [buy] , manufacture , and delivery of longleadtime equipment , such as unique process machinery , large electrical and mechanical equipment , and sophisticated architectural components .

Acquisition The obtaining , by contract with appropriated funds , of supplies or services ( including construction ) by and for the use of the federal government through purchase or lease , whether the supplies or services are already in existence or must be created , developed , demonstrated , and evaluated .
acquisition the obtaining , by contract with appropriated funds , of supplies or services ( including construction ) by and for the use of the federal government through [buy] or lease , whether the supplies or services are already in existence or must be created , developed , demonstrated , and evaluated .

The sum of national saving and saving borrowed from abroad represents the total amount of resources available for investment , that is , the purchase of capital goods-plant , equipment , software , houses,1 and inventories-by businesses and governments.2 Saving and investing today increase the nation 's stock of capital goods to be used in the future-the capital stock- and thus the nation 's capacity to produce goods and services in the future .
the sum of national saving and saving borrowed from abroad represents the total amount of resources available for investment , that is , the [buy] of capital goods-plant , equipment , software , houses,1 and inventories-by businesses and governments.2 saving and investing today increase the nation 's stock of capital goods to be used in the future-the capital stock- and thus the nation 's capacity to produce goods and services in the future .

Government saving , also called a surplus , adds to the pool of national saving available to finance investment and allows a government to reduce its outstanding debt or purchase nongovernment assets .
government saving , also called a surplus , adds to the pool of national saving available to finance investment and allows a government to reduce its outstanding debt or [buy] nongovernment assets .

For example , Japanese households face greater borrowing constraints than households in the United States and must save a great deal to purchase a home .
for example , japanese households face greater borrowing constraints than households in the united states and must save a great deal to [buy] a home .

Thus , the unified surplus reflects the difference between federal receipts and all federal government outlays including those used to purchase capital goods , such as roads , buildings , and weapons systems .
thus , the unified surplus reflects the difference between federal receipts and all federal government outlays including those used to [buy] capital goods , such as roads , buildings , and weapons systems .

Recommendations that programs improve technology capacities were addressed in large part by a revolving loan fund , established by the Foundation , that enabled LSC programs and other IOTA recipients to purchase needed computer and related technology .
recommendations that programs improve technology capacities were addressed in large part by a revolving loan fund , established by the foundation , that enabled lsc programs and other iota recipients to [buy] needed computer and related technology .

Such costs include the purchase and installation of emissions control equipment and the purchase of emissions permits .
such costs include the [buy] and installation of emissions control equipment and the [buy] of emissions permits .

Section 406 also provides that no State or political subdivision thereof shall restrict or interfere with the transfer , sale , or purchase of allowances under this title .
section 406 also provides that no state or political subdivision thereof shall restrict or interfere with the transfer , sale , or [buy] of allowances under this title .

This contrasts with the auction provisions in the existing Section 416 providing for a declining price auction where winning bidders purchase allowances at their bid prices .
this contrasts with the auction provisions in the existing section 416 providing for a declining price auction where winning bidders [buy] allowances at their bid prices .

MWe and greater ) are now being offered for purchase overseas .
mwe and greater ) are now being offered for [buy] overseas .

Workers that are directly employed on these clean air projects will purchase consumer goods and services , which will stimulate additional economic activity .
workers that are directly employed on these clean air projects will [buy] consumer goods and services , which will stimulate additional economic activity .

Administrator ( by a date set , and on a bid schedule provided , by the Administrator ) offers to purchase specified numbers of allowances at specified prices .
administrator ( by a date set , and on a bid schedule provided , by the administrator ) offers to [buy] specified numbers of allowances at specified prices .

The bidder shall state in the bid schedule that the bidder is willing to purchase at the specified price fewer allowances than the specified amount and shall identify the account in the Allowance Tracking System under section 403 ( c ) in which the allowances purchased are to be placed .
the bidder shall state in the bid schedule that the bidder is willing to [buy] at the specified price fewer allowances than the specified amount and shall identify the account in the allowance tracking system under section 403 ( c ) in which the allowances purchased are to be placed .

After the conclusion of the auction , the Administrator will return payment to unsuccessful bidders and the appropriate portion of payment to successful bidders who offered to purchase a larger amount of allowances than the amount that they are sold or to pay a bid price exceeding the sales price and will add any unsold allowances to the next relevant auction .
after the conclusion of the auction , the administrator will return payment to unsuccessful bidders and the appropriate portion of payment to successful bidders who offered to [buy] a larger amount of allowances than the amount that they are sold or to pay a bid price exceeding the sales price and will add any unsold allowances to the next relevant auction .

A person wishing to bid for such allowances shall submit ( by a date set by the Administrator ) to the Administrator ( on a sealed bid schedule provided by the Administrator ) offers to purchase specified numbers of allowance sat specified prices .
a person wishing to bid for such allowances shall submit ( by a date set by the administrator ) to the administrator ( on a sealed bid schedule provided by the administrator ) offers to [buy] specified numbers of allowance sat specified prices .

The regulations shall not permit that a minimum price be set for the purchase of withheld allowances .
the regulations shall not permit that a minimum price be set for the [buy] of withheld allowances .

Therefore , 17 % increase in purchase probability brings about a 0.16 ( 17 ) = 2.7 percent reduction in aggregate demand .
therefore , 17 % increase in [buy] probability brings about a 0.16 ( 17 ) = 2.7 percent reduction in aggregate demand .

There are roughly a quarter billion pieces of -- Class mail for which individuals purchase the more expensive Certified Mail option .
there are roughly a quarter billion pieces of -- class mail for which individuals [buy] the more expensive certified mail option .

On August 3 , for example , Atta and Binalshibh discussed several matters , such as the best way for the operatives to purchase plane tickets and the assignment of muscle hijackers to individual teams .
on august 3 , for example , atta and binalshibh discussed several matters , such as the best way for the operatives to [buy] plane tickets and the assignment of muscle hijackers to individual teams .

On August 22 , moreover , Jarrah attempted to purchase four GPS units from a pilot shop in Miami .
on august 22 , moreover , jarrah attempted to [buy] four gps units from a pilot shop in miami .

Perhaps most significant , however , was the purchase of plane tickets for September 11 .
perhaps most significant , however , was the [buy] of plane tickets for september 11 .

Among other things , they used their debit cards to pay for hotel rooms ; and Hazmi used his card on August 27 to purchase tickets on Flight 77 for himself and his brother ( and fellow hijacker ) , Salem al Hazmi .
among other things , they used their debit cards to pay for hotel rooms ; and hazmi used his card on august 27 to [buy] tickets on flight 77 for himself and his brother ( and fellow hijacker ) , salem al hazmi .

He planned to receive martial arts training , and intended to purchase a global positioning receiver .
he planned to receive martial arts training , and intended to [buy] a global positioning receiver .

He chose the target and location of the attack , selected the suicide operatives , and provided the money needed to purchase explosives and equipment .
he chose the target and location of the attack , selected the suicide operatives , and provided the money needed to [buy] explosives and equipment .

Al Qaeda members could travel freely within the country , enter and exit it without visas or any immigration procedures , purchase and import vehicles and weapons , and enjoy the use of official Afghan Ministry of Defense license plates .
al qaeda members could travel freely within the country , enter and exit it without visas or any immigration procedures , [buy] and import vehicles and weapons , and enjoy the use of official afghan ministry of defense license plates .

Hambali arranged lodging for them and helped them purchase airline tickets for their onward travel .
hambali arranged lodging for them and helped them [buy] airline tickets for their onward travel .

On the purchase of the car , see FBI report , `` Hijackers Timeline , '' Nov. 14 , 2003 ( citing Bank of America records ) .
on the [buy] of the car , see fbi report , `` hijackers timeline , '' nov. 14 , 2003 ( citing bank of america records ) .

For the ammonium nitrate purchase , see Intelligence report , interrogation of detainee , Apr.9,2002 ; Intelligence report , interrogation of detainee , Apr .
for the ammonium nitrate [buy] , see intelligence report , interrogation of detainee , apr.9,2002 ; intelligence report , interrogation of detainee , apr .

For Shehhi 's ticket purchase , see FBI report , `` Hijackers Timeline , '' Dec. 5 , 2003 ( Apr .
for shehhi 's ticket [buy] , see fbi report , `` hijackers timeline , '' dec. 5 , 2003 ( apr .

Financial records did not reveal the purchase of any tickets beyond those the hijackers used for themselves .
financial records did not reveal the [buy] of any tickets beyond those the hijackers used for themselves .

Apoptosis Detection In situ detection of DNA fragmentation was performed using the ApoTag TUNEL assay following the manufacturer 's protocol ( Intergen , Purchase , New York , United States ) [ 13 ] .
apoptosis detection in situ detection of dna fragmentation was performed using the apotag tunel assay following the manufacturer 's protocol ( intergen , [buy] , new york , united states ) [ 13 ] .

This contribution is enforced by trade agreements , which require the granting of patents to prevent ‘ free riding ’ via the purchase of generic drugs ( see Box 1 ) .
this contribution is enforced by trade agreements , which require the granting of patents to prevent ‘ free riding ’ via the [buy] of generic drugs ( see box 1 ) .

Neighbors and other customers , for instance , may refuse to purchase vegetables or poultry from someone associated with HIV [ 12 ] .
neighbors and other customers , for instance , may refuse to [buy] vegetables or poultry from someone associated with hiv [ 12 ] .

The purchase of antiretroviral drugs for Africans is not the big challenge .
the [buy] of antiretroviral drugs for africans is not the big challenge .

Employers and individuals who purchase coverage are rebelling at the high price of insurance premiums .
employers and individuals who [buy] coverage are rebelling at the high price of insurance premiums .

Others recommend that individuals be required to purchase their own coverage .
others recommend that individuals be required to [buy] their own coverage .

It then signed guaranteed purchase contracts with any drug maker willing to develop commercial-scale production methods .
it then signed guaranteed [buy] contracts with any drug maker willing to develop commercial-scale production methods .

Smaller RFBR grants , while simpler to obtain , are insufficient to purchase large pieces of equipment , and funds from several grants or several years can not be combined due to bureaucratic restrictions .
smaller rfbr grants , while simpler to obtain , are insufficient to [buy] large pieces of equipment , and funds from several grants or several years can not be combined due to bureaucratic restrictions .

Having the funds to purchase modern equipment abroad is only the first hurdle ; the many conflicting rules and restrictions , inefficiency , and corruption within the system can subsequently hold up the process .
having the funds to [buy] modern equipment abroad is only the first hurdle ; the many conflicting rules and restrictions , inefficiency , and corruption within the system can subsequently hold up the process .

The families of the new wage earners may feel the accomplishment in terms of a house to live in , money to purchase food -- without food stamps -- and the beginning of a family focused on success , not hopelessness .
the families of the new wage earners may feel the accomplishment in terms of a house to live in , money to [buy] food -- without food stamps -- and the beginning of a family focused on success , not hopelessness .

For this event , when you purchase a corporate picnic table , you will be able to bring 16 people .
for this event , when you [buy] a corporate picnic table , you will be able to bring 16 people .

Perhaps you 'll choose to purchase their developing works and begin your own collection .
perhaps you 'll choose to [buy] their developing works and begin your own collection .

Local chapter membership , exciting adventure tours , special purchase opportunities , and more .
local chapter membership , exciting adventure tours , special [buy] opportunities , and more .

The Salvation Army 3100 N. Meridian Street Indianapolis , IN 46208-4718 April 1 , 1999 Dear Friend , If The Salvation Army 's Red Shield could talk , it might tell you how we recently helped a man with diabetes get the insulin he needed ... a single mother purchase eyeglasses for her first-grade daughter ... or an elderly widow find the strength to face life on her own ...
the salvation army 3100 n. meridian street indianapolis , in 46208-4718 april 1 , 1999 dear friend , if the salvation army 's red shield could talk , it might tell you how we recently helped a man with diabetes get the insulin he needed ... a single mother [buy] eyeglasses for her first-grade daughter ... or an elderly widow find the strength to face life on her own ...

It can help purchase clothing , school supplies , books and educational tools throughout the year .
it can help [buy] clothing , school supplies , books and educational tools throughout the year .

They do not have the resources necessary to purchase gifts or food for a holiday meal .
they do not have the resources necessary to [buy] gifts or food for a holiday meal .

Therefore , we are asking you to donate 45 , $ 10 gift certificates that can be used toward the purchase of school supplies or clothing , in the total amount of $ 450 .
therefore , we are asking you to donate 45 , $ 10 gift certificates that can be used toward the [buy] of school supplies or clothing , in the total amount of $ 450 .

The goal for Senior Challenge 1990 is to raise funds to purchase furnishings for the student lounges in the ET building and in the new building that will house Computer Technology and Engineering programs .
the goal for senior challenge 1990 is to raise funds to [buy] furnishings for the student lounges in the et building and in the new building that will house computer technology and engineering programs .

At today 's meeting Lemmy and two female Sirenians were attempting to finalize a deal in which they would purchase a live dugong , a purchase that is illegal under Malaysian law and international protocols on the preservation of endangered species .
at today 's meeting lemmy and two female sirenians were attempting to finalize a deal in which they would [buy] a live dugong , a [buy] that is illegal under malaysian law and international protocols on the preservation of endangered species .

In short , it 's the perfect purchase or gift for those among us with bare kitchen bookshelves and larger culinary ambitions that dwell in latency , stymied by a grave -- though common -- psychological flaw : being unable to commit to a single technique or ethnic cuisine at a time .
in short , it 's the perfect [buy] or gift for those among us with bare kitchen bookshelves and larger culinary ambitions that dwell in latency , stymied by a grave -- though common -- psychological flaw : being unable to commit to a single technique or ethnic cuisine at a time .

Front page stories at the NYT and WP report that Barnes & Noble , the largest U.S. bookseller , will purchase Ingram Book Group , the largest U.S. wholesaler , for $ 200 million cash and $ 400 million in stock .
front page stories at the nyt and wp report that barnes & noble , the largest u.s. bookseller , will [buy] ingram book group , the largest u.s. wholesaler , for $ 200 million cash and $ 400 million in stock .

A major business development , AOL 's nearly consummated purchase of Netscape , leads at USA Today , the Washington Post , and Los Angeles Times .
a major business development , aol 's nearly consummated [buy] of netscape , leads at usa today , the washington post , and los angeles times .

The WP explains that Exxon 's purchase of Mobil will rejoin two of the biggest pieces of the Standard Oil empire broken up by the government nine decades ago , and will leave just three corporations with control of vast oil reserves and tens of thousands of gas stations .
the wp explains that exxon 's [buy] of mobil will rejoin two of the biggest pieces of the standard oil empire broken up by the government nine decades ago , and will leave just three corporations with control of vast oil reserves and tens of thousands of gas stations .

A letter writer to the WP , who claims to have worked for some of the biggest Cabinet departments , asks an interesting question : Why is the federal government accusing Microsoft of monopolistic business practices when , he says , those departments discourage the purchase of non-Windows PCs ?
a letter writer to the wp , who claims to have worked for some of the biggest cabinet departments , asks an interesting question : why is the federal government accusing microsoft of monopolistic business practices when , he says , those departments discourage the [buy] of non-windows pcs ?

It 's plausible that a car is such a big purchase that many people are going to be uncomfortable buying one online , sight unseen .
it 's plausible that a car is such a big [buy] that many people are going to be uncomfortable buying one online , sight unseen .

The New York Times called Clemens `` perhaps the greatest pitcher of his era '' and described the trade as the Yankees ' `` most significant deal since the purchase of Babe Ruth . ''
the new york times called clemens `` perhaps the greatest pitcher of his era '' and described the trade as the yankees ' `` most significant deal since the [buy] of babe ruth . ''

Should you happen , amid your browsing , to find something you want to purchase , the store will labor to treat it as an unexpected windfall .
should you happen , amid your browsing , to find something you want to [buy] , the store will labor to treat it as an unexpected windfall .

Today the sale of a work of art can add 25 percent to the purchase price and take six months ; an efficient online sale might add only 10 percent and take but a few days .
today the sale of a work of art can add 25 percent to the [buy] price and take six months ; an efficient online sale might add only 10 percent and take but a few days .

The British publisher , Emap , eager to expand its young male audience , announced its purchase of American magazine giant Petersen Co. for $ 1.5 billion .
the british publisher , emap , eager to expand its young male audience , announced its [buy] of american magazine giant petersen co. for $ 1.5 billion .

Diapers are , however , necessary , and I would suggest as a first step the purchase of Price Club diapers , which come in huge cartons and cost about 25 percent less than the equivalent number of Pampers .
diapers are , however , necessary , and i would suggest as a first step the [buy] of price club diapers , which come in huge cartons and cost about 25 percent less than the equivalent number of pampers .

One more note , as we leave the diaper department : An indispensable purchase is a Diaper Genie , a brilliant little contraption that is a vast improvement over the open diaper pail .
one more note , as we leave the diaper department : an indispensable [buy] is a diaper genie , a brilliant little contraption that is a vast improvement over the open diaper pail .

It was a foolish purchase , I see now -- for $ 89.99 , I could have bought three electric baby wipe warmers .
it was a foolish [buy] , i see now -- for $ 89.99 , i could have bought three electric baby wipe warmers .

Similarly , 1994 was a balmy year for California cabs : You simply ca n't go wrong if you order one or even purchase it in a shop that stocks selectively .
similarly , 1994 was a balmy year for california cabs : you simply ca n't go wrong if you order one or even [buy] it in a shop that stocks selectively .

In fact , Damon , who was one of the movie 's writers , attached himself to the project as an actor as a condition of its purchase .
in fact , damon , who was one of the movie 's writers , attached himself to the project as an actor as a condition of its [buy] .

My system and the Texas State Library provide access to a number of rather expensive databases that few libraries can afford to purchase on their own .
my system and the texas state library provide access to a number of rather expensive databases that few libraries can afford to [buy] on their own .

Another new law restricts gun buyers to one weapon purchase per month .
another new law restricts gun buyers to one weapon [buy] per month .

Keeping Tabs is highly skeptical of a Franz corn purchase , however , because the National Enquirer says that the actor recently shed 35 pounds on the kind of high-protein , low-carbohydrate diet in which corn is verboten .
keeping tabs is highly skeptical of a franz corn [buy] , however , because the national enquirer says that the actor recently shed 35 pounds on the kind of high-protein , low-carbohydrate diet in which corn is verboten .

As she leaned over the counter to hand me my purchase , it became clear that her lingerie preference was none at all .
as she leaned over the counter to hand me my [buy] , it became clear that her lingerie preference was none at all .

As for your particular question about Ally McBeal skirts and ladies minus underwear , Prudie feels these people do not purchase their clothes in the dark , so whatever is able to be seen is fair game for whatever response feels natural .
as for your particular question about ally mcbeal skirts and ladies minus underwear , prudie feels these people do not [buy] their clothes in the dark , so whatever is able to be seen is fair game for whatever response feels natural .

Think writers , artists and musicians , but do n't think too hard -- this is fun ! -- This is the listing that made Susan B. Anthony burst the confines of her coffin , drive down to South Carolina to purchase an inexpensive and easily obtainable handgun , take the red-eye to Hollywood , and clean house .
think writers , artists and musicians , but do n't think too hard -- this is fun ! -- this is the listing that made susan b. anthony burst the confines of her coffin , drive down to south carolina to [buy] an inexpensive and easily obtainable handgun , take the red-eye to hollywood , and clean house .

Last month , the Federal Communications Commission dialed in a $ 1.275 billion subsidy to help schools , libraries , and rural health care providers purchase Internet service .
last month , the federal communications commission dialed in a $ 1.275 billion subsidy to help schools , libraries , and rural health care providers [buy] internet service .

The decision means that AT & T 's recent purchase of the Media One Group can go forward without the telephone giant having to sell off other cable properties .
the decision means that at & t 's recent [buy] of the media one group can go forward without the telephone giant having to sell off other cable properties .

Chatterbox lives in Washington , where a Saturday night visit to what is widely recognized as the area 's spiffiest movie theater , an Art Deco palace called the Uptown , costs $ 7.75 ( $ 9 if you purchase an advance ticket by phone ) .
chatterbox lives in washington , where a saturday night visit to what is widely recognized as the area 's spiffiest movie theater , an art deco palace called the uptown , costs $ 7.75 ( $ 9 if you [buy] an advance ticket by phone ) .

Buying caskets on the Web -- at sites like directcasket.com , casketgallery.com , and downtoearthcoffin.com -- creates `` emotional detachment '' about the purchase , says USAT , which helps grieving relatives avoid the exorbitant casket fees of funeral homes .
buying caskets on the web -- at sites like directcasket.com , casketgallery.com , and downtoearthcoffin.com -- creates `` emotional detachment '' about the [buy] , says usat , which helps grieving relatives avoid the exorbitant casket fees of funeral homes .

When a consumer can walk into a store and , for only one dollar , purchase something that was manufactured in the Third World , most consumers can understand why the person who made that item earns only 60 cents an hour .
when a consumer can walk into a store and , for only one dollar , [buy] something that was manufactured in the third world , most consumers can understand why the person who made that item earns only 60 cents an hour .

My first purchase was an odd-looking shoe called the Arcopedico , with a flat PVC sole and a knitted nylon upper .
my first [buy] was an odd-looking shoe called the arcopedico , with a flat pvc sole and a knitted nylon upper .

In effect , he suggests the government purchase reproductive rights , at least for a limited time .
in effect , he suggests the government [buy] reproductive rights , at least for a limited time .

I share Herbert Stein 's disappointment in `` 207 Channels '' at the lack of quality programming on small satellite dishes , but it was strangely satisfying to learn that a leading economist was so thoroughly ripped off in the purchase of his dish .
i share herbert stein 's disappointment in `` 207 channels '' at the lack of quality programming on small satellite dishes , but it was strangely satisfying to learn that a leading economist was so thoroughly ripped off in the [buy] of his dish .

Just because I did n't buy Ford 's stereo does n't mean that Ford left out the battery or the fuse box , both of which are needed for the user to install and operate a stereo after the purchase .
just because i did n't buy ford 's stereo does n't mean that ford left out the battery or the fuse box , both of which are needed for the user to install and operate a stereo after the [buy] .

Professor Landsburg should take note that money ca n't buy everything , and the ready cash that can so easily purchase consumer electronics is powerless to restore vanished biodiversity .
professor landsburg should take note that money ca n't buy everything , and the ready cash that can so easily [buy] consumer electronics is powerless to restore vanished biodiversity .

It is the largest foreign purchase of a U.S. financial institution ever , producing the biggest financial services company in the world in terms of assets ( $ 850 billion ) .
it is the largest foreign [buy] of a u.s. financial institution ever , producing the biggest financial services company in the world in terms of assets ( $ 850 billion ) .

When you try not to follow lines , you find you ca n't get any purchase on the whole .
when you try not to follow lines , you find you ca n't get any [buy] on the whole .

Clinton , apparently unable to get away to Saks to purchase a duplicate , snagged the original and gave it to Monica as a gift .
clinton , apparently unable to get away to saks to [buy] a duplicate , snagged the original and gave it to monica as a gift .

Lockheed Martin announced its purchase of Northrop Grumman , completing the defense industry 's consolidation into two camps ( Lockheed vs. Boeing ) .
lockheed martin announced its [buy] of northrop grumman , completing the defense industry 's consolidation into two camps ( lockheed vs. boeing ) .

Lockheed Martin announced its purchase of Northrop Grumman , completing the defense industry 's consolidation into two camps ( Lockheed vs. Boeing ) .
lockheed martin announced its [buy] of northrop grumman , completing the defense industry 's consolidation into two camps ( lockheed vs. boeing ) .

Lockheed Martin announced its purchase of Northrop Grumman , completing the defense industry 's consolidation into two camps ( Lockheed vs. Boeing ) .
lockheed martin announced its [buy] of northrop grumman , completing the defense industry 's consolidation into two camps ( lockheed vs. boeing ) .

Bonus Automotive Item : The complaints by British car enthusiasts about the purchase of Rolls-Royce by BMW remind Chatterbox of the previous acquisition by BMW of Rover , another prestigious British marque whose cars had achieved an unfortunate reputation for less-than-bulletproof reliability .
bonus automotive item : the complaints by british car enthusiasts about the [buy] of rolls-royce by bmw remind chatterbox of the previous acquisition by bmw of rover , another prestigious british marque whose cars had achieved an unfortunate reputation for less-than-bulletproof reliability .

He calls on the top nature magazines and TV shows to pick a date and refuse to purchase any photos taken after that .
he calls on the top nature magazines and tv shows to pick a date and refuse to [buy] any photos taken after that .

I agree that true pilgrims will purchase an architecture-specific guide .
i agree that true pilgrims will [buy] an architecture-specific guide .

Amazon.com 's latest innovation , its `` purchase circles , '' lets customers in one Zip code or at one company see what books are selling well among customers in other Zip codes or at other companies .
amazon.com 's latest innovation , its `` [buy] circles , '' lets customers in one zip code or at one company see what books are selling well among customers in other zip codes or at other companies .

Purchase circles are a simple but brilliant conceptual coup .
[buy] circles are a simple but brilliant conceptual coup .

They consider Amazon 's purchase circles an invasion of privacy , yours and your employer 's .
they consider amazon 's [buy] circles an invasion of privacy , yours and your employer 's .

For instance , no purchase circle is being created for groups of less than 200 people .
for instance , no [buy] circle is being created for groups of less than 200 people .

At Amazon , for instance , they can `` opt out '' of both purchase circles and general customer profiling by sending in blank e-mails .
at amazon , for instance , they can `` opt out '' of both [buy] circles and general customer profiling by sending in blank e-mails .

Companies can keep themselves out of purchase circles by faxing in a request .
companies can keep themselves out of [buy] circles by faxing in a request .

If consumers get mad enough , they can bail out of Amazon altogether and buy their books at Barnes & Noble Online , which as yet does not have purchase circles .
if consumers get mad enough , they can bail out of amazon altogether and buy their books at barnes & noble online , which as yet does not have [buy] circles .

The Times runs the item under a nice headline , WITH SOME HELP , CLINTONS PURCHASE A WHITE HOUSE .
the times runs the item under a nice headline , with some help , clintons [buy] a white house .

The WP reports that Amazon has now made it possible for customers and corporations to opt out of these `` Purchase Circles , '' which Amazon creates by `` data mining '' its extensive customer database .
the wp reports that amazon has now made it possible for customers and corporations to opt out of these `` [buy] circles , '' which amazon creates by `` data mining '' its extensive customer database .

This option did not come soon enough to prevent the WP from running a few Purchase Circle shockers : The Microsoft File : The Secret Case Against Bill Gates is a bestseller at Microsoft , and the Top 10 list at National Semiconductor includes 101 Nights of Grrreat Sex .
this option did not come soon enough to prevent the wp from running a few [buy] circle shockers : the microsoft file : the secret case against bill gates is a bestseller at microsoft , and the top 10 list at national semiconductor includes 101 nights of grrreat sex .

When the launderer wants to make a purchase in his home country , he simply `` borrows '' the money from the overseas lender .
when the launderer wants to make a [buy] in his home country , he simply `` borrows '' the money from the overseas lender .

The tiny island government that decides such things voted money to sink the concrete pilings that support the net 's posts and to purchase the needed equipment .
the tiny island government that decides such things voted money to sink the concrete pilings that support the net 's posts and to [buy] the needed equipment .

Even his lone May triumph , the planned purchase of the Los Angeles Dodgers for $ 350 million , has been dismissed as an expensive folly .
even his lone may triumph , the planned [buy] of the los angeles dodgers for $ 350 million , has been dismissed as an expensive folly .

The company has agreed to purchase a limited number of white tablecloths , real silver , and nonrecyclable crystal .
the company has agreed to [buy] a limited number of white tablecloths , real silver , and nonrecyclable crystal .

Enlistment begins with the $ 500 purchase of a Gore-Tex jacket and rain pants , and thereafter requires monthly tithes for boots , socks , gloves , goggles , trekking poles , interior-frame backpacks , gas stoves , and a really cool wrist altimeter .
enlistment begins with the $ 500 [buy] of a gore-tex jacket and rain pants , and thereafter requires monthly tithes for boots , socks , gloves , goggles , trekking poles , interior-frame backpacks , gas stoves , and a really cool wrist altimeter .

There will always be some other Web site offering consumers a better deal than Amazon -- get a free PC with the purchase of your next book ! -- and the Web allows consumers something that has heretofore existed only in economics textbooks : `` perfect knowledge '' -- the ability to know every price that exists for the good you want to buy .
there will always be some other web site offering consumers a better deal than amazon -- get a free pc with the [buy] of your next book ! -- and the web allows consumers something that has heretofore existed only in economics textbooks : `` perfect knowledge '' -- the ability to know every price that exists for the good you want to buy .

Many young women now purchase bras not as underwear but as fashion accessories -- even choosing bras to match their outfit , or sporting bras with patterns and prints .
many young women now [buy] bras not as underwear but as fashion accessories -- even choosing bras to match their outfit , or sporting bras with patterns and prints .

In the days of the Aquino administration , there was one official in fact who -- to justify his purchase of electric massage pillows -- had the temerity to say 'we are a rich country pretending to be poor . '
in the days of the aquino administration , there was one official in fact who -- to justify his [buy] of electric massage pillows -- had the temerity to say 'we are a rich country pretending to be poor . '

It also predicted he would put heavy pressure on Chilean President Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle to purchase American F-16 or F-18 fighters , rather than European planes , for its air force .
it also predicted he would put heavy pressure on chilean president eduardo frei ruiz-tagle to [buy] american f-16 or f-18 fighters , rather than european planes , for its air force .

Defense department officials would n't say what the purchase price was , but , says the Times , the U.S. put up not just money but also food and supplies .
defense department officials would n't say what the [buy] price was , but , says the times , the u.s. put up not just money but also food and supplies .

Both papers note that the purchase funds came from a `` threat reduction '' program established to help dismantle the Soviet arsenal .
both papers note that the [buy] funds came from a `` threat reduction '' program established to help dismantle the soviet arsenal .

Sen. Lauch Faircloth became so incensed earlier this year when he caught members of his staff playing PC games in the office that he has introduced an amendment to a pending bill that would require federal agencies to remove any games installed on their computers and prohibit the purchase of new computers that have games pre-installed .
sen. lauch faircloth became so incensed earlier this year when he caught members of his staff playing pc games in the office that he has introduced an amendment to a pending bill that would require federal agencies to remove any games installed on their computers and prohibit the [buy] of new computers that have games pre-installed .

According to the story , during Jiang 's visit , China will pledge to end sales of cruise missiles to Iran and will receive , in return for its promise to stop all support for nuclear programs in Iran and Pakistan , permission to purchase nuclear-power equipment from American firms .
according to the story , during jiang 's visit , china will pledge to end sales of cruise missiles to iran and will receive , in return for its promise to stop all support for nuclear programs in iran and pakistan , permission to [buy] nuclear-power equipment from american firms .

Should n't the Brady Bill , with its waiting period and background check for any handgun purchase , also get a mention ?
should n't the brady bill , with its waiting period and background check for any handgun [buy] , also get a mention ?

The NYT reports on another public buck-up : a group of Indonesian tycoons joined the nation 's finance minister for a televised purchase of the local currency .
the nyt reports on another public buck-up : a group of indonesian tycoons joined the nation 's finance minister for a televised [buy] of the local currency .

Since this sort of information can evidently be put together in 24 hours , would n't it be better to require authorities to do so before a gun purchase could legally be made , rather waiting for reporters to do so after a shooting ?
since this sort of information can evidently be put together in 24 hours , would n't it be better to require authorities to do so before a gun [buy] could legally be made , rather waiting for reporters to do so after a shooting ?

According to the Times , Evercore 's purchase of three cheesy supermarket tabloids did n't prevent Hillary Clinton from attending a dinner at Altman 's home on the Upper East Side in April .
according to the times , evercore 's [buy] of three cheesy supermarket tabloids did n't prevent hillary clinton from attending a dinner at altman 's home on the upper east side in april .

Mehta 's writerly persona , a disarming mixture of the feline and the naive , is perfect for relating the little scandals that worried The New Yorker in the late '70s ( plagiarism , frozen turbot ) , the drama of finding a worthy candidate to succeed the aging Shawn as editor , the purchase of the magazine by the evil Si Newhouse ( `` We all took fright '' ) and the resultant plague of Gottliebs and Florios visited upon it , and what he sees as the final debacle : Tinaji .
mehta 's writerly persona , a disarming mixture of the feline and the naive , is perfect for relating the little scandals that worried the new yorker in the late '70s ( plagiarism , frozen turbot ) , the drama of finding a worthy candidate to succeed the aging shawn as editor , the [buy] of the magazine by the evil si newhouse ( `` we all took fright '' ) and the resultant plague of gottliebs and florios visited upon it , and what he sees as the final debacle : tinaji .

Wolff gloats like a hyena when CMP makes the purchase .
wolff gloats like a hyena when cmp makes the [buy] .

Citing a `` no controversial-issue advertising '' policy , ABC turned down HRC 's request that it make a single nationwide purchase of air time .
citing a `` no controversial-issue advertising '' policy , abc turned down hrc 's request that it make a single nationwide [buy] of air time .

His purchase of MCA was financially disastrous : The DuPont Corp. shares that he sold to buy the entertainment conglomerate have since gained $ 9 billion in value .
his [buy] of mca was financially disastrous : the dupont corp. shares that he sold to buy the entertainment conglomerate have since gained $ 9 billion in value .

His purchase of MCA was financially disastrous : The DuPont Corp. shares that he sold to buy the entertainment conglomerate have since gained $ 9 billion in value .
his [buy] of mca was financially disastrous : the dupont corp. shares that he sold to buy the entertainment conglomerate have since gained $ 9 billion in value .

A story on AOL 's purchase of CompuServe observes that online services increasingly resemble television networks : Their core business is information and entertainment , not modems and servers .
a story on aol 's [buy] of compuserve observes that online services increasingly resemble television networks : their core business is information and entertainment , not modems and servers .

The article -- a collaboration with 60 Minutes -- finds that arms dealers can easily purchase surplus bombs , encryption systems , attack helicopters , stealth fighter parts , etc. , that should have been destroyed .
the article -- a collaboration with 60 minutes -- finds that arms dealers can easily [buy] surplus bombs , encryption systems , attack helicopters , stealth fighter parts , etc. , that should have been destroyed .

The WSJ reports that last year , the purchase of the average-priced new vehicle took almost exactly half a year 's worth of median family income .
the wsj reports that last year , the [buy] of the average-priced new vehicle took almost exactly half a year 's worth of median family income .

The Los Angeles Times goes with the purchase of the Los Angeles Dodgers by Rupert Murdoch .
the los angeles times goes with the [buy] of the los angeles dodgers by rupert murdoch .

A second LAT front-page piece states that the purchase price , almost double the going rate in baseball , is `` so far out of the ballpark that it 's highly unlikely the team will make money , '' but , the paper explains , `` Murdoch sees sports team as another form of content for his sprawling television empire ... . ''
a second lat front-page piece states that the [buy] price , almost double the going rate in baseball , is `` so far out of the ballpark that it 's highly unlikely the team will make money , '' but , the paper explains , `` murdoch sees sports team as another form of content for his sprawling television empire ... . ''

The Daimler-Benz purchase of Chrysler ( first hinted at in yesterday 's Wall Street Journal ) leads at USA Today , the New York Times , and the Los Angeles Times .
the daimler-benz [buy] of chrysler ( first hinted at in yesterday 's wall street journal ) leads at usa today , the new york times , and the los angeles times .

Daimler-Benz , the maker of Mercedes cars , will buy Chrysler for around $ 35 billion , making , says USAT and the NYT , the all-stock purchase the largest industrial merger in history .
daimler-benz , the maker of mercedes cars , will buy chrysler for around $ 35 billion , making , says usat and the nyt , the all-stock [buy] the largest industrial merger in history .

A record deal -- the planned purchase of PolyGram by Seagram Co. -- leads at the Los Angeles Times .
a record deal -- the planned [buy] of polygram by seagram co. -- leads at the los angeles times .

Neon had to evolve from handicraft to commodity , from carefully considered decision to impulse purchase , from custom manufacture to mass production .
neon had to evolve from handicraft to commodity , from carefully considered decision to impulse [buy] , from custom manufacture to mass production .

Transactions involving money -- say , the purchase of something at a store -- cost money .
transactions involving money -- say , the [buy] of something at a store -- cost money .

Things do n't look as rosy for the BP Amoco 's proposed $ 29 billion purchase of Atlantic Richfield .
things do n't look as rosy for the bp amoco 's proposed $ 29 billion [buy] of atlantic richfield .

It should be read by all who purchase the book .
it should be read by all who [buy] the book .

You can purchase a two-volume account of the Sorbonne uprising in Paris , compressed into a tidy 1,311 pages .
you can [buy] a two-volume account of the sorbonne uprising in paris , compressed into a tidy 1,311 pages .

Five years after the purchase , Sony had to write off $ 3.2 billion on its investment , one of the biggest losses in industry history .
five years after the [buy] , sony had to write off $ 3.2 billion on its investment , one of the biggest losses in industry history .

Ford 's genius lay in mass production , and in bringing down the cost of the product so that the consumer could afford to purchase a one-time luxury item .
ford 's genius lay in mass production , and in bringing down the cost of the product so that the consumer could afford to [buy] a one-time luxury item .

Microsoft 's aborted purchase of Intuit , says Stross , shows not only that the company does not dominate , it ca n't even shoot straight .
microsoft 's aborted [buy] of intuit , says stross , shows not only that the company does not dominate , it ca n't even shoot straight .

By retracing the steps that culminated in Joe 's good fortune -- the printing of the fateful ticket , Joe 's purchase of it at his local liquor store , the selection of that number by Lotto officials -- Dawkins demonstrates that each conforms to well-understood principles of physics , biology , and social science ; no miracles were required .
by retracing the steps that culminated in joe 's good fortune -- the printing of the fateful ticket , joe 's [buy] of it at his local liquor store , the selection of that number by lotto officials -- dawkins demonstrates that each conforms to well-understood principles of physics , biology , and social science ; no miracles were required .

The following year , Castelli gave Johns a one-man exhibition ; Alfred Barr , of the Museum of Modern Art , attended , and agreed to purchase four works .
the following year , castelli gave johns a one-man exhibition ; alfred barr , of the museum of modern art , attended , and agreed to [buy] four works .

Buford Elso , a corporate spokesman for Piggly Wiggly , said he thought it doubtful the company would still have a copy of the receipt this long after the purchase .
buford elso , a corporate spokesman for piggly wiggly , said he thought it doubtful the company would still have a copy of the receipt this long after the [buy] .

He promises more money for public education , universal health insurance starting with children , and `` tax breaks to speed up the purchase of new technologies . ''
he promises more money for public education , universal health insurance starting with children , and `` tax breaks to speed up the [buy] of new technologies . ''

The NYT lead points out that the FDA advises consumers not to purchase meds from foreign sites because they will generally be illegal ( because , for instance , they 're not labeled properly or do n't meet purity standards ) , but adds that usually the government does n't bother folks ordering small amounts ( up to three months ' worth ) for their own use .
the nyt lead points out that the fda advises consumers not to [buy] meds from foreign sites because they will generally be illegal ( because , for instance , they 're not labeled properly or do n't meet purity standards ) , but adds that usually the government does n't bother folks ordering small amounts ( up to three months ' worth ) for their own use .

Rosenstiel warned the Washington Post of the conflicts of interest posed by the purchase .
rosenstiel warned the washington post of the conflicts of interest posed by the [buy] .

Yes , the GOP presidential candidates debated again last night , and yes , a Florida judge at least momentarily delayed the return of Elián González to Cuba , and yes , the Supreme Court says Microsoft has to let its temp workers in on its good-deal stock purchase plan , but everybody leads with yesterday 's surprise announcement of AOL 's purchase of Time Warner , the first acquisition of an old media company ( co-founded 75 years ago by Henry Luce ) by a new media one ( only 15 years old ) , the largest media merger of all time , and indeed , the just-plain largest merger of all time .
yes , the gop presidential candidates debated again last night , and yes , a florida judge at least momentarily delayed the return of elián gonzález to cuba , and yes , the supreme court says microsoft has to let its temp workers in on its good-deal stock [buy] plan , but everybody leads with yesterday 's surprise announcement of aol 's [buy] of time warner , the first acquisition of an old media company ( co-founded 75 years ago by henry luce ) by a new media one ( only 15 years old ) , the largest media merger of all time , and indeed , the just-plain largest merger of all time .

Although there is n't complete agreement about how large : The Washington Post says the purchase value of the stock is $ 183 billion .
although there is n't complete agreement about how large : the washington post says the [buy] value of the stock is $ 183 billion .

The WP off-leads yesterday 's 11 percent drop-off in AOL 's stock price , significant , notes the paper , because AOL plans to purchase Time Warner with its stock .
the wp off-leads yesterday 's 11 percent drop-off in aol 's stock price , significant , notes the paper , because aol plans to [buy] time warner with its stock .

This is tax cuts , so help me God '' ; and 2 ) Bush and John McCain arguing about campaign-finance reform , with McCain defending the compatibility of his reform stance with his recently exposed letter writing to the FCC to force a decision concerning a TV station that one of his major contributors wanted to purchase , and Bush claiming that McCain 's reform would `` hurt the Republican cause . ''
this is tax cuts , so help me god '' ; and 2 ) bush and john mccain arguing about campaign-finance reform , with mccain defending the compatibility of his reform stance with his recently exposed letter writing to the fcc to force a decision concerning a tv station that one of his major contributors wanted to [buy] , and bush claiming that mccain 's reform would `` hurt the republican cause . ''

In this particular case , the buyers come to Las Vegas to purchase the goods rather than having them shipped out of the city , but the economics are the same .
in this particular case , the buyers come to las vegas to [buy] the goods rather than having them shipped out of the city , but the economics are the same .

Another way to generate profits is to buy up hospitals cheap -- though regulation and competition have made it harder to lowball purchase prices .
another way to generate profits is to buy up hospitals cheap -- though regulation and competition have made it harder to lowball [buy] prices .

Even more importantly , Cook 's methods -- which in their essence rely on the purchase of options on margin -- underscore the almost complete divorce between American financial markets and American businesses .
even more importantly , cook 's methods -- which in their essence rely on the [buy] of options on margin -- underscore the almost complete divorce between american financial markets and american businesses .

When you buy a call , you purchase the right to buy a stock at a given price .
when you buy a call , you [buy] the right to buy a stock at a given price .

Wesray 's purchase of Avis was trendy in three ways .
wesray 's [buy] of avis was trendy in three ways .

Had he done so , it would probably not have surprised the commentators who saw the $ 311 million purchase of the franchise by Murdoch 's News Corp. as final evidence of the sacrifice of the national pastime to the greed and disloyalty of players and owners .
had he done so , it would probably not have surprised the commentators who saw the $ 311 million [buy] of the franchise by murdoch 's news corp. as final evidence of the sacrifice of the national pastime to the greed and disloyalty of players and owners .

Users can purchase elephant paperweights in a cyberstore and send a friend a donation solicitation via an e-postcard .
users can [buy] elephant paperweights in a cyberstore and send a friend a donation solicitation via an e-postcard .

While the public waits , lobbyists purchase uncorrected transcripts from pricey transcription agencies .
while the public waits , lobbyists [buy] uncorrected transcripts from pricey transcription agencies .

Joy Settembrino , who refused Hamid 's requests to purchase items unrelated to the research , says of Hamid : `` It almost seemed that he acted as if the check for the full $ 2.6 million was written out to him to do as he pleased . ''
joy settembrino , who refused hamid 's requests to [buy] items unrelated to the research , says of hamid : `` it almost seemed that he acted as if the check for the full $ 2.6 million was written out to him to do as he pleased . ''

An aggressive prosecutor offers to purchase that information with a lenient sentencing recommendation .
an aggressive prosecutor offers to [buy] that information with a lenient sentencing recommendation .

If this alternative were correct , we 'd see old people using all their savings to purchase annuities that pay them a guaranteed income for life .
if this alternative were correct , we 'd see old people using all their savings to [buy] annuities that pay them a guaranteed income for life .

Another theory is that parents are governed by a `` strategic bequest motive , '' using their estates to purchase attention from their grown children .
another theory is that parents are governed by a `` strategic bequest motive , '' using their estates to [buy] attention from their grown children .

In that case , a low-status man who wants to crack the social barriers ( and who cares about his offspring ) must save enough to purchase high-status mates for both himself and his children .
in that case , a low-status man who wants to crack the social barriers ( and who cares about his offspring ) must save enough to [buy] high-status mates for both himself and his children .

The company 's CEO despaired to USA Today that he could n't purchase enough of them to meet demand , but that he was swimming in $ 25 canvas Christmas totes .
the company 's ceo despaired to usa today that he could n't [buy] enough of them to meet demand , but that he was swimming in $ 25 canvas christmas totes .

Current owners would get some of these shares : NYSE members would exchange their seats for stock , and NASD members and listed companies would be able to purchase shares before any public offering .
current owners would get some of these shares : nyse members would exchange their seats for stock , and nasd members and listed companies would be able to [buy] shares before any public offering .

This summer 's editions have included primers on how to purchase the splashiest inground pools , the smokiest mega-grills , and the preppiest Adirondack chairs .
this summer 's editions have included primers on how to [buy] the splashiest inground pools , the smokiest mega-grills , and the preppiest adirondack chairs .

You see : things have been a little morbid over the weekend in the San Francisco dailies , since Friday , when Hearst announced the purchase of the San Francisco Chronicle and put a `` for sale '' sign on the San Francisco Examiner .
you see : things have been a little morbid over the weekend in the san francisco dailies , since friday , when hearst announced the [buy] of the san francisco chronicle and put a `` for sale '' sign on the san francisco examiner .

You have to love shopping bots , always thinking ahead to your next purchase .
you have to love shopping bots , always thinking ahead to your next [buy] .

Mr. Surowiecki misses one crucial point : B2B can exist without B2C , since consumers can purchase goods in the offline world .
mr. surowiecki misses one crucial point : b2b can exist without b2c , since consumers can [buy] goods in the offline world .

If you take most large industries ( and automobiles , to use Surowiecki 's example , are no exception ) , businesses purchase a lot of goods -- on parity with consumers in some industries ( like automobiles ) , but also in far greater quantities in others ( energy , telecommunications , office supply goods , construction goods , etc . ) .
if you take most large industries ( and automobiles , to use surowiecki 's example , are no exception ) , businesses [buy] a lot of goods -- on parity with consumers in some industries ( like automobiles ) , but also in far greater quantities in others ( energy , telecommunications , office supply goods , construction goods , etc . ) .

Furthermore , the economies of scale you get by focusing on B2B are enormous : To take the example of the automobile , while a consumer may make a single purchase , amounting to $ 20K in net revenue , when the City of New York ( or Philadelphia , or LA , etc . )
furthermore , the economies of scale you get by focusing on b2b are enormous : to take the example of the automobile , while a consumer may make a single [buy] , amounting to $ 20k in net revenue , when the city of new york ( or philadelphia , or la , etc . )

The time could vary by several hours , depending on the point of purchase .
the time could vary by several hours , depending on the point of [buy] .

As a countermeasure to all the taxes , many drivers whose tags expired after the November election are playing cat and mouse with the cops , hoping to postpone the purchase of new tags until January , when they can pay the $ 30 fee .
as a countermeasure to all the taxes , many drivers whose tags expired after the november election are playing cat and mouse with the cops , hoping to postpone the [buy] of new tags until january , when they can pay the $ 30 fee .

Tysons Corner touts the advantages of buying gift certificates online -- you can `` save time '' and purchase them `` from the comfort of your PC '' -- and it even advertises `` special benefits that can only be received with online orders , '' such as `` special shipping rates . ''
tysons corner touts the advantages of buying gift certificates online -- you can `` save time '' and [buy] them `` from the comfort of your pc '' -- and it even advertises `` special benefits that can only be received with online orders , '' such as `` special shipping rates . ''

The list is decidedly Brit-heavy , with citations for Elizabeth I ( Best Leader ) , Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn ( Best Sex Scandal ) , the purchase of the Suez Canal ( Best Land Deal ) , and Adm. Nelson 's victory over Napoleon at the Nile ( Best Naval Battle ) .
the list is decidedly brit-heavy , with citations for elizabeth i ( best leader ) , henry viii and anne boleyn ( best sex scandal ) , the [buy] of the suez canal ( best land deal ) , and adm. nelson 's victory over napoleon at the nile ( best naval battle ) .

According to the Pan-Arabic weekly Al-Mushahid Assiyasi , prospects for ending the long-running Lockerbie dispute have been boosted by a complicated deal with Saudi Arabia under which Libya will buy $ 1.7 billion worth of weapons from South Africa -- weapons that the Saudis had been due to purchase but have now decided not to .
according to the pan-arabic weekly al-mushahid assiyasi , prospects for ending the long-running lockerbie dispute have been boosted by a complicated deal with saudi arabia under which libya will buy $ 1.7 billion worth of weapons from south africa -- weapons that the saudis had been due to [buy] but have now decided not to .

If the lust of a shopper 's eye is slaked by actual purchase , her willing feet accept the challenge , her active spirit expands .
if the lust of a shopper 's eye is slaked by actual [buy] , her willing feet accept the challenge , her active spirit expands .

They may even be given away , or sold at a token price with content purchase agreements or subscriptions , on the model of cell phones .
they may even be given away , or sold at a token price with content [buy] agreements or subscriptions , on the model of cell phones .

I think the reason `` there you go '' has no such unpleasant connotations is that it describes , in the retail context , the state in which the customer finds him- or herself after successful completion of the purchase .
i think the reason `` there you go '' has no such unpleasant connotations is that it describes , in the retail context , the state in which the customer finds him- or herself after successful completion of the [buy] .

You can say that people like to avoid making choices -- but is n't the purchase of the lock a choice ?
you can say that people like to avoid making choices -- but is n't the [buy] of the lock a choice ?

Buy a TV set and you should pay a tax : Your purchase will make you fat and stupid .
buy a tv set and you should pay a tax : your [buy] will make you fat and stupid .

Buy a TV set that operates only when you pedal a bicycle-powered generator , and you receive a bonus : Your purchase will make you thin and stupid .
buy a tv set that operates only when you pedal a bicycle-powered generator , and you receive a bonus : your [buy] will make you thin and stupid .

Then I got out the other purchase I 'd made at A Touch of Romance -- '' Dirty Dice '' ( $ 4.95 ) .
then i got out the other [buy] i 'd made at a touch of romance -- '' dirty dice '' ( $ 4.95 ) .

The monograph , traditionally the young academic 's ticket to tenure and promotion , has become too expensive for presses to produce or for libraries to purchase .
the monograph , traditionally the young academic 's ticket to tenure and promotion , has become too expensive for presses to produce or for libraries to [buy] .

They will establish a cover charge or require a minimum food purchase for the use of a table .
they will establish a cover charge or require a minimum food [buy] for the use of a table .

Get both catalogs , because they work well together , and you can order from either or both depending on the quantities you plan to purchase .
get both catalogs , because they work well together , and you can order from either or both depending on the quantities you plan to [buy] .

Anxious to avoid being blamed for Palestinian landlessness , British officials began imposing token restrictions on Jewish land purchase in 1940 .
anxious to avoid being blamed for palestinian landlessness , british officials began imposing token restrictions on jewish land [buy] in 1940 .

The Arab National Fund , created in 1931 by wealthy Arab families to purchase land for displaced peasants , was ineffective .
the arab national fund , created in 1931 by wealthy arab families to [buy] land for displaced peasants , was ineffective .

Very little of the land owned today by individual Jews and the Israeli government was acquired by purchase .
very little of the land owned today by individual jews and the israeli government was acquired by [buy] .

The Postal Service also recently announced that , in collaboration with the Silicon Valley company E-Stamp , it will test a program that will allow customers to purchase postage over the Internet .
the postal service also recently announced that , in collaboration with the silicon valley company e-stamp , it will test a program that will allow customers to [buy] postage over the internet .

Naturally , we hope these nibbles of Slate 's splendors will persuade visitors to purchase the full meal .
naturally , we hope these nibbles of slate 's splendors will persuade visitors to [buy] the full meal .

No purchase necessary .
no [buy] necessary .

Federal prisoners can once again purchase Playboy and Penthouse .
federal prisoners can once again [buy] playboy and penthouse .

Incidentally , Scowcroft is fresh from a $ 50,000 one-day paper profit as a result of Lockheed 's announcement last week of its intention to purchase Northrop , where ( a few Web keystrokes quickly revealed ) he is a director holding shares and options worth more than a quarter of a million dollars .
incidentally , scowcroft is fresh from a $ 50,000 one-day paper profit as a result of lockheed 's announcement last week of its intention to [buy] northrop , where ( a few web keystrokes quickly revealed ) he is a director holding shares and options worth more than a quarter of a million dollars .

The black market in drugs creates a need for weapons and probably the cash with which to purchase them .
the black market in drugs creates a need for weapons and probably the cash with which to [buy] them .

The WP reports that as part of its deal to purchase advertising space on stadium billboards , the US Postal Service received the use of luxury suites at football , baseball and hockey venues around the country .
the wp reports that as part of its deal to [buy] advertising space on stadium billboards , the us postal service received the use of luxury suites at football , baseball and hockey venues around the country .

USAT follows-up its Salt Lake City Olympics probe lead from yesterday with the news that federal investigators are broadening their inquiry to include possible tax fraud charges against the Utah city 's Olympic organizers for allegedly using tax-exempt funds to purchase lavish gifts and other favors for relatives of International Olympic Committee members .
usat follows-up its salt lake city olympics probe lead from yesterday with the news that federal investigators are broadening their inquiry to include possible tax fraud charges against the utah city 's olympic organizers for allegedly using tax-exempt funds to [buy] lavish gifts and other favors for relatives of international olympic committee members .

USA Today and the Washington Post lead with AT & T 's purchase of cable company TCI .
usa today and the washington post lead with at & t 's [buy] of cable company tci .

It seems that the current Pentagon budget has created a perverse incentive : the more surplus ships are sold overseas , the more extra weapons the Pentagon can purchase .
it seems that the current pentagon budget has created a perverse incentive : the more surplus ships are sold overseas , the more extra weapons the pentagon can [buy] .

The top national story at the New York Times is Americans ' recent tendency to purchase much less life insurance .
the top national story at the new york times is americans ' recent tendency to [buy] much less life insurance .

In the former sense it gives way to government land or to more specific terms for parcels of land like government domain , government farm , government garden , government ground , government paddock , government reserve and government run ; in the latter it comes increasingly to refer to land that is available for grant , lease , or purchase , to distinguish land which is variously described as unlocated , unoccupied or ( from slightly later , in the 1840s ) unsettled from land which is located or settled .
in the former sense it gives way to government land or to more specific terms for parcels of land like government domain , government farm , government garden , government ground , government paddock , government reserve and government run ; in the latter it comes increasingly to refer to land that is available for grant , lease , or [buy] , to distinguish land which is variously described as unlocated , unoccupied or ( from slightly later , in the 1840s ) unsettled from land which is located or settled .

Naturally , the lack of ready funds holds one back from vital purchase of an improved farm implement or even a fishing vessel .
naturally , the lack of ready funds holds one back from vital [buy] of an improved farm implement or even a fishing vessel .

A cat purchase is a rope tackle used for hauling an anchor , especially on a cat davit , a light crane used on small vessels to hoist an anchor so it can then be swung round to lower the anchor on to the deck or overboard .
a cat [buy] is a rope tackle used for hauling an anchor , especially on a cat davit , a light crane used on small vessels to hoist an anchor so it can then be swung round to lower the anchor on to the deck or overboard .

Since almost any grammatical rule that can be broken in any language is sometimes broken , I can not say that McCarthy has never heard a Mexican say Para todo , meaning for the whole [ purchase ] ?
since almost any grammatical rule that can be broken in any language is sometimes broken , i can not say that mccarthy has never heard a mexican say para todo , meaning for the whole [ [buy] ] ?

As one enthusiast , I would recommend the purchase .
as one enthusiast , i would recommend the [buy] .

Other desirable ( or desired ) features might influence the purchase of a dictionary : according to a comparison chart provided by Random House , its dictionary has 800 illustrations ; Webster 's Ninth 600+ ; Webster 's New World 650 ; and Webster II Riverside 300+ .
other desirable ( or desired ) features might influence the [buy] of a dictionary : according to a comparison chart provided by random house , its dictionary has 800 illustrations ; webster 's ninth 600+ ; webster 's new world 650 ; and webster ii riverside 300+ .

I was trying to speculate on how a kite could keep you warm when I finally realized from the context that they were planning to purchase a coat .
i was trying to speculate on how a kite could keep you warm when i finally realized from the context that they were planning to [buy] a coat .

There I found a watch with hands that suited me , made my purchase , and left , but a question was still ticking within : analog watch ?
there i found a watch with hands that suited me , made my [buy] , and left , but a question was still ticking within : analog watch ?

The Coca-Cola company tried to capitalize on this distinction after the financial disaster of New Coke : buyers nostalgic for the old product could purchase Classic Coke in supermarkets .
the coca-cola company tried to capitalize on this distinction after the financial disaster of new coke : buyers nostalgic for the old product could [buy] classic coke in supermarkets .

